
This is exactly right.


This episode is brought to you by Peacock and the new original docuseries making Manson. In 1969, Charles Manson and his followers committed seven brutal murders in Los Angeles that would make him infamous. Now, with access to over 100 hours of phone recordings between an incarcerated Manson and his closest confidant, a new story will unfold with shocking revelations from the man himself making Manson strings. November 19th, only on Peacock.


Hey, it's Karen Kilgar. Hey, and I'm Chris Fairbanks. And we have one burning question for you. Do you need a Ride Each week on our podcast? Do you need a ride? We drive around with some of the most hilarious people in comedy, Listen and laugh with us as we run errands. Grab some drive-through, and of course, sit in traffic. It's LA so there's so much fun traffic. So check out. Do you Need a Ride? Wherever you get your podcasts, New episodes every Monday.


We did it first. Hello, Hello. And Welcome, To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. If you don't know, this is our Extra Wednesday podcast where we go and revisit our earliest episodes. We react to what we used to be like, and we give you any case updates that we might have for the stories that we tell you. And today we're rewinding to episode 19, which came out on Thursday, June 2nd, 2016, called Nineteen Kills and Counting, which I didn't get for a second.


'cause it's been so long since that show. I still don't get it. What 19 was it? 19 Kids and Counting. Wasn't that the Duggar TV show? Yeah, it was a Dug. This is a Dugger reference episode. It's a disaster from the beginning, Right from the start. So now it's time for you to grab a glass of water and the person who cuts your hair and your favorite cuddle buddy. And you can all listen along because now because of Rewind, we can all be day one listeners. Okay, let's listen to the intro of episode 19. This is recording now. Am I gonna, am I gonna really annoy you if I keep telling you not to hold that part of This?


Oh no, you're, I need it Is. I gonna annoy you though. I feel like at some point you're gonna be like, yay, I'm gonna murder you. Let's plan out our first fight. Now I'll cry. Start crying immediately. I feel like anytime we've even come within 30 miles of the slightest fight, we have a total talk down. Yeah. You're gonna be like, I wanna talk to you about something. Yep. I like that. Did I say that? No. That I, we both, yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, I like that. I think it's because we started our friendship at a place of vulnerability. Yes. By talking about literally being vulnerable. That's right. And also when I think about being in a fight with you, it makes me immediately wanna start crying. I'm just like, I can't have it.


I just can't. I'll do anything to make sure it doesn't happen. Yay. That's makes, I'm gonna do so much shit now. Now that I know I have fucking carte blanche free reign. Fuck with you. Well, I will. Great. I'm not saying I won't very firmly confront you. Right. It's not a fight if you're just screaming at me. If I scream you're down into a corner. Yeah. That's not technically a fight. If it's one punch and I'm out, that's not a fight. Some of my favorite fights, 'cause I, I do the Irish thing where I won't say anything. Right. And then all of a sudden I'm out. I'll just be Irish. Goodbye you. I think I know that. And that's why I'm like, that's what I'm scared of.


Right. Which, but that's why I'm saying I'll be very i'll. I'll be I'll Total conversations at the jump at the slightest thing. Okay. That's why I'll always be like, here's how I feel. Here's my thing and here's my, I need you to know my thing. We're Adults and we know our things right now. Yeah. You gotta say your thing. It's, I, you know what? It's only fair that you give the other person a chance. You say, here's the thing and the other. Give the other person a chance to Go. Yeah. And you'll know by the response whether or not there's someone that you can have a lifelong relationship with. Or at least for the next few weeks until I do it again. Or at, until Our podcast gets out of the top 10.


Are we out already? We must be. We're not. I checked today. Excuse me. That was loud. We're not. That was the best reaction. No, it's so we're still, you guys are in the top 10 iTunes comedy podcast. We were number one a week ago. I'm disappointed in you guys. No, I'm not. I love you. Don't say that. So do we. Maybe the reason we're not number one anymore is 'cause we haven't, nobody knows what podcast this is. Hey, this is My favorite murder. Oh Yeah. This is My favorite murder starring Georgia, har Stark and Karen Kra. We say each other's names if that, if you're trying to figure out who's talking, I always say Georgia Har Stark. It's like a cute, I think it's things.


People do it on the radio a lot. It's cute. Did you? It's cute. So on our, on our fucking storied famed Facebook group that everyone loves. Yeah. That has 1100, 11,000 Holy 11. The last, the last time I looked, it was nine, 11,000 people in it. Gross. And they're all cool. Somehow they're all fucking Cool because everybody gets that. Everybody else wants everybody to be cool. Yeah. And When they're not cool and they like get a talking to, they're like, I'm sorry. Cool. Someone our last names are are Kill Hard Together. Aw fuck Yeah. Hard Kill. Hard Kill. Hard Start. And K Garra. I like that a lot. That's it. They are kind of bad assy murder names.


It's almost like fucking fate. It's fucking fate. It's Like Hard Kill. That's the name of our TV show. That's a good idea. The Hard Kill. The Hard Kill. The book we write together about, I feel like if we do the hard Kill, we should both dressed up as like we should dress up like kind of seventies news anchors. Oh, I was Gonna think you were gonna say Spy versus Spy And try to kill each other. But we have to be vulnerable about it and really discuss it. Yeah. And look sad. I feel like I wanna come at you with a knife. But Hard Kill is definitely seventies anchor women. Yeah. We're like, we have bows at the neck and feathered Hair. Feathered hair. You have feathered hair. You, 'cause you already have this great, you feathered hair.


I'll do like a Mary Lou Retton. Yes. Full cut. Oh my God. How great Would that, That hard kill. Let's do this thing. Hard kill. Are any, is anyone listening? Who wants to make a TV show? For Us? We we're. We're specifically talking about FX X. If anyone from Fxx Me, we just call out. Well you know what, that's how they do it on The Secret. You can just ask for what you want to the universe or you know, podcast. Podcast listeners. I just sit in a at work today everybody had a conversation about how they don't understand what podcasts are what, and they don't understand why they're popular. And I just sit there like, like with my dirty secret that I have two podcasts.


I just kept looking around and on. Only that you fucking, they bring you joy. Like you don't even just have them. I almost at one point said, it's kind of like if you could control the radio. Yeah. It's a radio show. It's a radio. If you liked what you were listening to on the radio, that's kind of what it's like. It's a radio show and there are various topics all that span. Everything. And you're always gonna find one you're interested in. Yeah. It's basically if, do you like two dudes just interrupting each other? They've got that. They've got a lot Of that. They've got that. Do you like two grown women who talk like they're in junior high about murder? Or here We've got Hello And welcome. That's us. That's This. Nobody Knew that you had two podcasts.


Well, Kriesel knows. My boss knows. But he wasn't saying anything. Yeah. He was like keeping your secret. And Fred knows because he's been on one of them. Right. But he was just, it was just everybody kind of, I had that exact same feeling before I started listening to podcasts. I was like, why would anyone wanna listen to standup comics talking? That's all I've listened to for the past 20 years of my life. It's so boring. Unless you're really shit-faced Or just NPR. Nobody likes fucking nevermind. I'm not gonna talk shit on them. Yeah. Let's not beat shit talkers. Yeah. I li what I do like is J cool music jams. That's how I usually spend my time. If I'm gonna just listen to something.


Not Me fucking audio book. You're all about that freak. But then, you know when the first couple times I listened to podcasts driving home to San Francisco on the five You fall asleep. God bless. No, it got, oh yeah. It makes the ride feel like it's an hour long. I have a friend who was on a fucking road trip with her boyfriend this weekend texting me. We're listening. We're on episode 12. Oh. Like totally into it. Don't You love, there was a couple people who are sending, who are posting on the Facebook page. Why don't you guys have an episode 12? And do we, well it turns out we do. That's our bodies, our twelves. Oh yeah. Another a, a great title.


I'll say it myself, but I, I was immediately like, oh shoot. We, because when we misnumbered the other ones, oh yeah. When we thought 15 was 16, I assumed they they were right immediately. But it was some weird thing with With Glitch. Yeah. It was an iTunes glitch or something. Glitch. Okay, we're back. And we're back. Should we discuss this topic of having our first fight? Should we open that can of worms? Well, hey look, I mean that, first of all, that mistake that I did make with the microphone, which I made almost every episode for like maybe the first 2030.


I don't know. But it was, I didn't really listen back often, but when I did, I was just like, what is happening? And it was me just jiggling the mic as I was talking. Right. I don't, I don't, I totally don't remember. And we held microphones. We were, they were handheld for so long. Yeah. Way longer than we should have. Way longer than most podcasts know to do. Yeah. So it's inevitable that there's gonna be, you know, outside noises that happen. I think That there's gonna be some issues. Yeah. I think for some reason I'm really susceptible to noises. I'm not, for some reason it's because I'm fucking have anxiety. But I'm really aware of like little noises that could be in the background more so than other people.


So I'm always the like, hold for sound person, even though I'm not the sound person. You know? Or like, do you guys hear that? We should, we should pause. So it, I think I'm just hyper aware of that. Yeah. And You have a sensitivity toward it. Yes. Whereas I clearly am completely deaf to it. And I'm like, I not only don't know what you're talking about, I'm not doing it. It's not your job. You know, it's not my job. And also I'm, I just will flatly deny that it's happening and then listen back to the episode and just be like, that's so distracting. It's so irritating. That's why we Have sound people now. It's up guys. I mean, here's the thing. We finally started releasing on one day. Yeah. And we got that cadence. Correct. You can't expect us to also have good sound. Come On. Right.


It was only episode 19. But the thing is, we already have 11,000 people in the Facebook group by then. Yeah. That's a lot for 19 episodes. It is. That happened quick too. It went, yeah. The whole fucking thing went really fast. But we start to become aware that other people are aware of us and don't like it. And that was very strange. Yeah. Because it's almost suddenly it's the we're being observed and of course that changes something inherently. Absolutely. And that idea of like somebody's saying we're making fun of murder, which we're like, no we're not. But then, well that's The thing is like they're saying they don't like it. They don't like the idea of it. Right. They've never listened to it.


Which we completely understand. Yes. True crime and comedy together, those words don't make sense together. And we are flippant about it. So there's, it's like, And we also don't give a fuck if you haven't listened and you don't like it. Right. But like in those early days, you know, we've listened back. It's a harsh listen to go like, oh yeah, we shouldn't have said that. We shouldn't have said it that way. We should have had a kind of a more meta awareness of what we were doing and other people listening to it. You know? But we just, we didn't 'cause we are just regular people that were talking into microphones. Yeah. But what we learned is to take the true crime part seriously and the comedy part around it.


That's how I always explained it to someone who's like, what do you do? And then I tell them the pod about the podcast. I'm like, okay. But we don't, the comedy is not the story part. The comedy is that, you know, we have this anxiety around the idea that these things happen in our society and they're terrifying. And our way of coping with horror and terror and fear is through laughing together. Right. And humor. Yep. Not about, it's not about the stories we're telling of the victims or the, you know, horrible things that are happening. Yeah. I also think that awareness is then suddenly the focus becomes how are we being criticized as opposed to all the other people who get it. Because there's all these people who get it and are showing up to say they get it.


And I'm so happy to hear like this being discussed, the way you're discussing it. There's plenty of people doing that. But those people disappear when someone comes and says you're a bad person. Yeah. It's a very, very strange kind of like that awareness. I, I'll never get over it 'cause it's just so weird. Yeah. You're being perceived and you're being judged and people think you're a bad person and there's nothing you can do about it Except for the day or the episode 19 listeners. Tho those people are not judging us. No, we appreciate you never Also the idea that I was talking about my job at the time. So Erin put this together and she, her theory is that I worked on Portland because I was telling stories about my boss, John Kreel and, and Fred Arms in.


But I think that's also the funniest thing of working on that show. And at one point, transitioning from that show to a second show. Right. But doing this podcast the entire time, it was just like the most exhausting, insane. And I was just like, oh, I can't quit any of these things. You can't quit. Yeah. I can't quit anything because all of them are like, you can't not yet Keep all these chips on the table. It was wild. It was a wild time. And also then it's like you're doing, I had to do homework on top of that homework and I don't like homework. We've talked about this. I know, but do you think you're a workaholic? Kind of. Absolutely. Do you think you'd be like one of those 1950s absent dads who has like a bachelor apartment in the, in the city because he just is at work all Day?


Yeah. I think I would have like a one main family and two secret families. I wouldn't be able to get That's a lot Of work to get Away work because You need the Works. Yeah. I need it. I need it. I need the drama and the problems. But also I think it's just that when you like move to LA 'cause you think you're gonna be in show business and you have one idea of what show businesses, you have no fucking clue what show business is. And what show business is is fucking 16 hour days. Do you wanna be in this or not? 'cause we can get somebody else that you know, will replace you in one day. Like, it is Constant hustle. Tough. It is. It is a tough business. So that was my thing always was like, I gotta pay these bills and I gotta keep it going.


And it's like you, you're throwing all these, you have all these pans in the fire. Is that what they say? Because you don't know what's going to like create the biggest fucking explosion. I don't know where this is coming from, but you have no idea. Yes. Is it gonna be Portlandia? Which obviously that's huge and it itself, but it's like, but you still have to think of what's next because yeah, there's only eight episodes. What are you doing after that? Exactly. When that run is done, you immediately, you have to do such a good job that people recommend you for your next job. Right. Right. And this is now we're talking 2016 era. The rooms are so much smaller now. There's so many fewer writing jobs now. It's rough. I mean it's crazy. But then also the idea that my pan and the fire of a podcast with my friend Georgia Comedy that I'd met true cri comedy player six months prior.


It's wild. Alright, so Georgia goes first on this episode. So here is her story about the So-called Freeway Phantom.


Since the holidays mean spending more on gifts, food, and travel, don't give money away to forgotten subscriptions. Rocket Money helps you find and cancel old subscriptions. So you can put that extra cash towards important purchases like little sweaters for your Cats. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. So brilliant. See all of your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going. And for the ones you don't want, rocket Money can help you cancel them with just a few taps. Their dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all your accounts. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. Sometimes by up to 20%, they automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. They'll deal with customer service. I want a relationship with Rocket Money. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/murder. That's rocket money.com/murder. Rocket money.com/murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. Okay. You're you're first This week. I'm first This week. Okay, Let's get down to business. I don't wanna wanna mess around. What is this? Ooh, ooh, ooh. Something circuits in town. We're gonna get beep into this shit. Are you guys ready for our favorite murders? Wait, where the fuck is my fate? We love murder. Oh my God. I thought mine was deleted from my, oh My God. All right. I've never heard of this one. Oh, The Freeway Phantom Killer. Aw shit. Y'all, You heard of this One? I don't know. Oh man, I don't think so. This is some fucked up shit. And here's what I was thinking. I don't wanna, I want to not only do white women like Martha Moxley getting killed.


Right. But I don't wanna do that. I found this one and I'm like, I've never heard of this. And it's a fucking serial killer where six young girls ugh. Gotten murdered in the, in the same area. Are They women of color? They Are all black women. Yeah. That's fucking, yeah. And it's tragic. It's the, I'll get into it. Alright, here we go. Okay. So the Freeway Phantom was the name given to an unidentified serial killer known to have abducted rape and strangled six female youths in the Washington DC area from April, 1971 through September, 1972. So that's not even a fucking year.


No. Which immediately makes you think he got arrested right afterwards or moved on. Oh. 'cause they don't know who it is. Oh yeah. Unidentified still. Oh, Sorry. Okay. No, it's fine. I it is fine. We, I have some suspects. The, the victims were all African American girls between the ages of 10 and 18. No, no. Sweet baby angels. Okay. So the first one was in April, 1971, 13-year-old Carol Spinx was sent by her sister to go to a seven 11 located half a mile away from her home. Which is like what you do back then. You, you go walk and 13. That's like old enough. Oh, so Old.


We used to walk to the store, the corner store, which is like easily a half a mile away. Yeah. Every single day from when I was like six years old. Yeah. We used to, we used to jaywalk on one of the busiest streets, like encouraged to jaywalk to the store across the street. Just Cut across the Street. Yeah. Just run fast. Yeah. You fucking idiot. On her way home from the store, Carol was abducted and her body was found six days later on a grass embankment next to the northbound lanes of the I 2 95. Over a month later in July, Darlene Johnson was 16, was abducted while on her way to a summer job at a recreation center.


11 days later, her body was discovered 15 feet from where Spinks had been found. Oh. So again, on the freeway, near the freeway in July, 1971, little 10-year-old Brenda Crockett failed to return home after having been seen sent to the store by her mother again. Three hours after. Okay. Here's this interesting three hours after Brenda was last seen. 'cause they were immediately like this. She should have come home. Yeah. The phone rang and it was answered by her 7-year-old sister who was waiting at home to see if she'd come home. While her family was searching the neighborhood. Brenda was on the line crying and she said, A white man picked me up and I'm heading home in a cab.


And then she added that she believed she was in Virginia before abruptly saying bye and hanging up where? What a short time later. Wait, Sorry. If it's 1971, how is she calling from being, how is she calling from a cab? Yeah. There's a lot of inconsistencies. Okay. Well, let's, I wanna hear your opinion on this too. Okay. I'm I, this, this sucks. I know. I'm sorry. No, no, no. I just, I mean, I guess I feel like I can see them in my head. I Do too. A short time later, the phone rang again and this time it was answered by the boyfriend of Brenda's mother. It was Brenda again. And she repeated what she said to her sister and then said, did my mother see me? And he asked, how could she see you when you're in Virginia?


And the boyfriends also said, tell the man to come to the phone and tell me where you're at and I'll come get you. The boyfriend then heard heavy footsteps in the background and Brenda said, I'll see you. And the line went dead. A few hours later, Brenda was found by a hitchhiker on Route 50 near the I 2 95 in a place where she couldn't be missed. She had been raped and strangled, and a scarf is knotted around her neck. Ugh. Ugh. What, What is the thing? Did my mom see me, makes me think she like drove by the house in this person's car.


Like somehow it was someone they knew. You know what I mean? Right. And the whole, it was a white man was maybe, and I'm coming home, was maybe a, the killer told her that, told her to say that, to throw them off because I bet they didn't expect them to start searching for her so quickly. Right. Also, so Maybe she was in the neighborhood, I wonder like, why would he let her Yeah. Use the phone? Was she on drugs or drugged in some way Right. That she was saying weird shit. Like, you know, like she got chloroform, woke up, grabbed the phone. Totally. Something. I mean, but Why would that happen a couple times? Yeah.


After the first time, where was the guy? Yeah. It makes me think that it's someone she knew. Did my mom see me? Yeah. Or maybe he, or maybe he lied to her and said, your mom sent me to come get you or something. Oh. Oh yeah. Your mom knows that you're, you're getting in the car with me. Yeah. Your mom saw what you were doing? I don't know. Okay. So authorities quickly concluded that Brenda's call home was at the behest of the killer. That's just their guess, you know? Yeah. Furthermore, one witness reported having seen one of the victims, Ms. Johnson, in an old black car, driven by an African American male shortly after her abduction.


So then on Octo, in October, 1971, 12-year-old Namo Yates was walking home from a Safeway store in northeast Washington, DC when she was kidnapped, raped, and strangled, her body was found within a few hours of her duck abduction again. Which is interesting that he just doesn't keep the bodies Right. Just off the shoulder of the Pennsylvania Avenue, the shoulder of Pennsylvania Avenue in Maryland. It's after this murder that the f the quote freeway Phantom Monica was first used in the city Tablo article describing the murders. So in the last murder, it was November, 1971, after having dinner with a high school classmate, Brenda Woodward 18 boarded a city bus to return to her her home.


And six hours later, police officers discovered her body stabbed and strangled in a grassy area ne near an access ramp to Route 2 0 2 in the Baltimore Washington Parkway. Oh, okay. So here's, here's a weird, oh no, that's, that's not the final victim. That's the second to final victim. I'm sorry. So a coat had been placed over her as if it was like tucking her in. And in the pockets there was a note from the killer. It said, this is tantamount to in to my sorry. This is tantamount to my insensitivity to people, especially women. I will admit the others when you can catch me exclamation mark, sign the free way Phantom.


But he wrote free dash way, the freeway Phantom. And they're saying that it looks like the note was written by the victim in her own handwriting. But I looked at the note and it looks like a fucking psychopaths handwriting. Oh. It doesn't look like her handwriting. So did they, were they interpreting it as like a young person's handwriting or, Yeah. Like that it wasn't hers, but I didn't No, no, no. Not a young person. Just like, I don't know why they came to that conclusion and nobody, I'll tell you why. Nobody knows that. Also, is he using the word tantamount correctly? Let's, there, that will come back around. Okay. Yeah, I I know what you mean. Yeah. This is tantamount to my insensitivity to people especially.


So he's saying, this is the point. This is how, this is how much I don't like people. Right. I don't care about people, especially women. Right. That's what he's, his point is, I always thought that meant tantamount meant equivalent though. That's what it means. So I think this murder of this girl is equivalent to how much I don't give a shit about people. Is what you mean. I mean, it's not used correctly. Got it. So September, 1972, I, Why I'm so worried about grammar all the sudden. No, because it actually comes back, or it's an interesting word to use. Okay. That one would think can be like in in the jinx, the how he spelled Beverly Yes. Which helped get him caught is a fucking great clue. Every single thing, Every little can be a clue.


Yeah. Ev every dot of the I can can like, Can indicate something. Indicate or exonerate. Yeah. Something. That's right. So September, 1972, the phantom's final victim, so the high school senior Diane Williams, she had cooked dinner for her family and then visited her boyfriend's house. She was last seen boarding a bus again. And a short time later, her strangled body was discovered alongside the I 2 95 just south of the district line. So those are the murders they raid. Yeah. So 30, the slings supposedly triggered one of the largest investigations in the re the region is seen, two dozen detectives were assigned to the hunt initially.


And the FBI was called in and until Watergate diverted the agency's manpower. Oh Man. Fucking rich politicians ruin it again with their Stupid Bullshit. Yep. Is my cat kicking you a little bit? Okay. I'm sorry. That's okay. So among the individuals considered were a gang known as the Green Vega Rapists. That's a fucking cheery name. Jesus Christ. Do You think they danced? What Were they up To? I, no, just simple little, they played craps. Oh. Members of this gang were col were collectively responsible for numerous Washington DC and surrounding Maryland vicinity rapes and abductions that have curved near the Washington Beltway.


So everyone thought it was them. One dude was like one of the gang members who, and they were all incarcerated, was like, I know it wasn't me. I had nothing to do with it. I know who did it. If you don't say who I am, if you keep me anonymous, I'll give you information. And they were like, okay. And he was gonna identify, he identified the guy, the date and location of the crime, and a signature detail which was not provided to the public, but which was known only to the perpetrator and to detectives that signature information was correct. The inmate who provided the information says he wasn't involved, blah, blah, blah. An alibi, a verified alibi. But during this period, an election was being held in Maryland and one of the candidates publicly announced to the press that a break had occurred in the freeway, phantom investigation and provided that an inmate at the prison where this guy was at had given information.


No. After that announcement, the inmate who provided the information was like, was killed. No, not killed, but maybe eventually. But he was like later days and denied that he had anything. Ugh. He was just like, I'm out. You Rube, Total Rube, you idiot Politician. You Fucking idiot. And looking through the, I don't think he, I don't think they had any that they were involved. I don't think The the green Yeah. Viga rapists Looking at the evidence and their, their mo and this sounds like the work of one person. Yeah. I don't think this was them. And it's like raping rape is a different crime than murdering and kidnapping, raping, murdering with bare hands.


Disposing of a body. Yeah. I would think that in gangs, like it's reminds me of like Hell's Angels or something where they take wom, they don't usually raping a 10-year-old child is crosses a line. Even when you are a gang member. Even when you are like pedophilia and all that kinda shit is not, that's not just standard. No. And Activity, Gaining access and the trust of these girls and to get, you know, he had to have gotten them in his car somehow. That's right. They had to have gone with him somehow. It's a, it's wolf in chief's. Yeah. Chief's clothing. If you see a gang member, if you see three gang members coming at you fucking run, you don't get in their car.


Even then children are talk, don't talk to strangers. Yeah. So if you see Yeah. If you see gang members, you're not gonna fucking get in the car. Yeah. Alright. So I don't think it's them, but the case is still open as we said. So, so fucked up. Let's see here. Alright. So, and there's not, the last article I could find from any of this was from 2013. So, and at that time, all right, let's, here we go. So the DC police, detective James train, he's kind of the dude now who's like, I'm gonna try to or have was in like 2006. He's like, I'm gonna get this sucker. Yeah.


And a lucky hit on DNA sample could change all that. So here, but here's the fucking thing. Everything got lost. Everything got lost or destroyed all of the fucking evidence. What? And that's why that note, there's a photo of it, but, you know, there's no way to test it. Everything got thrown away and destroyed. No. Yep. But the good news is that because it was in different districts, they were able to find a DNA sample from a district that, not the main district that, oh, like, so Maryland has, Maryland state police have a sample found on Williams, one of the girls who was killed.


And they had never tested it because they, 'cause she was leaving her boyfriends. So they figured that she had had sex with her boyfriend that night. So they never fucking tested the DNA. What? Why wouldn't they ask her? She was dead. Oh. Oh my God. I'm so sorry. Oh, my. Ask him, Ask him. I, I forgot what podcast I was on. Oh my God. They they did ask him and he said they didn't have sex. I, it's so irritating. Like, I, anytime you talk about like police making assumptions. I know. I just, my mind goes to like, what? Yeah. And this is why people, I, I don't wanna like, I don't wanna just fucking bury all the cops and this and everything because this is how stuff was done back then.


This was How stuff was done. That's Right. And maybe, and it seems like they did put a lot of work into it, but if you ask the families, which there's a lot of in interviews from the families, they fucking didn't. And the families are like, it's because if these were all blonde white women, this would've been solved. That's Exactly right. And You know, you can't help but believe that It Well, of course, of course. That's true. Of course it is. It we've, we that's just been tested out time and again. Yeah. But the other thing is that the, the attitude of these cops is like, immediately Yeah. You're, you're the victim of a crime. You are dead. You've been murdered. And suddenly it's like, well, she fucked her boy. Yeah. There is, you can hear the slut shaming through the years.


Yeah. And you, and you just know that that's, they they were, it makes me crazy. It's just like not treating people with respect even in death. I agree. And this is why I wanted to do this. This is why when I was looking for the next one, I was like, I've never fucking heard about this. Yeah. And this is like six children got fucking murdered and there's nobody who got ever, you know, fingered for it. It's insane. Yeah. So this guy drained, train him, he took it up as a cold case in 2004. He was like, I'm gonna solve this. He thought he had a key piece of evidence that on the clothing of the phantom's last known victim, they found a potential DNA sample.


Let's see here. Okay. So because her body was discovered over the, over the district line in Prince George Maryland police initially handled the case. And so they had this information. And so it's like this, I found all these articles that they're like, so the DNA testing will be done if the sample yields a good profile, it'll be submitted to the database, blah, blah. But the last fucking thing I can find about that was from 2013. So I don't know if it's been tested or I feel like there should be money Be I think there's 150 Oh, to test it. Well, I'm, I'm just saying I, I feel like it, people in this country need jobs and like, there's like the whole thing of like old rape kids that haven't gone tested and they, they're actually doing what I love is Meka Harte is doing all that work to change it, which God bless her.


And all the pe other people, there's a bunch of people that are like, there, there is the woman that's the mayor of, is she the she city councilwoman in Detroit or she's the mayor of somewhere? It's of it's on the Facebook page. Yeah. That's where I read it. Yeah. But these people that are just stepping up and being like a no no, but I feel like some company could make money. Why? Why aren't they just prioritizing this the way they do everything else in terms of financial gain? Pay people. Yeah. Like get it going. Okay, let's, let's change that and let's change statute of limitations on rape. Rape. Which is insane. There's A sta I just want everyone to think about that.


There's a statute of limitations on fucking rape, even if it's pe pedophilia. Yeah. And if it's a 10-year-old girl Yeah. That was just trying to go to the corner store. Yeah. And here's one thing I'll change is I'll remember that the people that we're talking about are dead. I don't know what, I don't know what just happened. Were You really thinking that? Yes. Like in Your brain? Well, you know what, it was this, what's that? Him the second that you started saying that of like, they just assumed she had sex with a boyfriend. Yeah. I just went down that whole thing of like how many stories to this day in 2016 you hear of, of judges being the sexism and the misogyny that you hear to this day of like, The reason in The legal system.


And the reason why you'll ne will never know the exact number of, of rape victims is because why would you go f why would you come forward with this rape if you're know, you're gonna be like, well you fucked your boyfriend earlier. Yeah. So it's probably not, It's just sickening. I mean it's, it's happening less and less, but the fact that it still happens at all is just a disgrace. It's just like we need to do better is the human race. We Do. So train em, called on an expert who specializes in nar. This is a fucking fascinating fact. NAR specializes in narrowing the field of suspects. Kim Rossmo, she's a former Canadian police officer and professor at Texas State University, developed a computer system that plots crime events on a map and helps determine where the suspects quote anchor point or home or workplace or significant location might be.


How fucking cool is that? Yeah. So they spent weeks looking through reports together. They visited the crime scene and they developed a geologic geographic profile of the killer's movements. I mean, they think the anchor point was in Congress Heights just south of the, of the hospital. I, I don't really understand. Nothing came out of that. So they have a suspect that I think sounds pretty good. So there's this dude, Robert ASINs, A-S-K-I-N-S, who's also some like web developer. So when you Google him, put murder in, oh, he, he had been charged with raping a 24 hour woman in his house.


He had killed prostitutes. He had been charged three times with homicide. He was in St. Elizabeth's Hospital, which is down the street from where they thought that he lived, that the killer lived and had later been convicted in a 1938 killing of a prostitute by cyanide poisoning Jesus Christ. But it set instead of been overturned on legal technicalities and saying that he was too impaired to stand like too drunk at the time to, to be liable for it. Did you say 1938? Yeah. So when he was really young. Yeah. And these, he was probably doing, if it was him doing these ones when he was way older. Yeah. So they arrested him in 1977 for something else.


They found some. Oh, okay. So here's the informa interesting part. So they went through his stuff and they found in his desk drawer a footnote from the judge. The judge's sentence and the word tantamount out had been, had been used over and over in that. And later he would learn that this guy ASINs used, often used the word at the National Science Foundation, where he used as a, he was worked as a crime, as a computer technician. Whoa. So everyone he worked with was like, he used the word tantamount a lot. I've never fucking used that word in my life. I've never used that word. I've never heard anybody else use that word.


No. That's like a, that's like a fucking Elmer Fudd word. Yeah. There's a tantamount to do you. That's crazy. Yeah. So, and also he, wait, this guy white? No, That's fascinating. He was just like a black computer scientist in the sixties and seventies. Can I say something? Yeah. I Don't know if he's white. You don't know if he was white or black? Yeah. That's very interesting. I'm Gonna edit that out. 'cause I needed, I should have seen that, but I, I couldn't find any photos of him. Oh. I guess I assumed he was black because they, they saw the one girl in the car with a black eye. Right. I think I too, but that doesn't mean anything.


Okay, we'll take it out. Technicians found on all six victims, green synthetic carpet, fiber, fiber, excuse me, on all but one of the victim's clothing. And they couldn't find anything like that in this dude's house. And they dug up his backyard and they didn't find anything. And he was never charged. He's 87 serving a life sentence in north, in a federal prison. I think he died in like 2009 or so. But on his record, he had already been arrested for killing people three other times. Yeah. But They were always prostitutes. But when, but when he was asked by a reporter later, he said, I didn't do those crimes, but I fuck, I hated women so much.


Like, he almost was like, I wish I had. Wow. Yeah. Wow. That's crazy. So It's still an open case. Maybe. I called the crime hotline in the county. Oh yeah. And asked if they had checked the d if they had searched the DNA To get an Update and they like, didn't know what the fuck I was talking about. And I felt like an idiot. A at least you tried. I know. I wonder how you do find out about stuff like that. I think you have to be an aau. You have to have me some kind of authority. I don't think they'll just give that out. Find Out about that. Can someone who's like in forensics find out if that Yeah. Or just people that are listening. If you wanna be a a sleuth, try to find out updates.


Yes. On the freeway. Phantom murders. It's Weird. The last thing I saw was like, they're trying to test the DNA and then, And then just nothing. Nothing. Not even like there was no match or there was, it was inconclusive. I mean, I'm just curious. It's, well, and also it's just that it's such a quagmire of like DNA and testing and all that stuff. It's like, there are some places where it's, it takes years. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Especially places where that have high crime. That's not their priority. And this guy's probably dead, whoever it is. Right. But these people, but the families deserve answers. And that's the point is that families deserve answers just as much as any other family.


That is so sad and horrifying. Awful. Yeah. Awful. I mean, as I was rereading through the details of the case to do this, I'm just shocked over and over again and so amazed that there's no updates in this case. It seems like it should be solved now. Yes. Thank you very much. Like, let's get back to this. I have two corrections from my story. One is that the suspect Robert ASINs died in prison in 2010, not 2009. Like I stated in the episode. And through the episode, I mispronounced one of the victim's names. I called her Brenda Woodward, but her last name was actually Woodard. So my apologies there. And also if you're interested in this case, which you should be, it's fucking fascinating.


Let's get shed more light on it. Are friends over at Tenderfoot TV put out a limited series podcast about this case called Freeway Phantom. So definitely check that out. They make such good work over there. I definitely wanna listen to that. I do too. Yeah. It deserves the deepest dive and like Yeah. Yeah. Fresh eyes. All right, well let's get into Karen's fucking horrible story. This is the story of Anders Bearing Breck. And just a warning, this story is about a mass shooting. So take some precautions if you need to. Alright. Do you wanna hear my, this week's My favorite murder?


Yes, please. This is one I wanna do for a while. And I have to say, when I was looking up the different ones that I wanted to do today, I am very tired from my work having to work and do things, do homework as well. I know I'm not used to it. I'm kind of more of a, a, a lady of leisure. But I realized that all the ones I wanna do are episodes of I survived that I've seen that I loved. And I was like, I can't just keep retelling. I survive stories. Can't you? I guess I can though because I did again, and If you, if you add little details in that they didn't add in, Right. Well 'cause that's all firsthand account. Right. So it's basically the person saying this was like, what, what it was like for me to go through it.


Right. But I just love that show so much because they are amazing. The stories themselves are crazy and amazing. I'm Not gonna watch it because I just wanna hear from you. Okay. The stories. Oh, that's per, that's perfect. Yeah. Then I'll never have to bust myself again. Cool. But they did a special and I survived of the Norway attacks. I don't know if you remember those, but they were the attacks on July 22nd in 2011, where Anders baring brave, who was a crazy fucking right wing, fascist lunatic, racist asshole, first blew up a government building in Oslo and then went on to a, an island that had a summer camp.


I Remember this ho horrifying. Go on. All Right. So there is, I can't remember. I couldn't find the actual season and episode number. But if you look up the Norway attacks, I survived. They have a special episode where it's four different kids who are on the island who survived these attacks. And it also, they speak perfect English. Oh my God. What Oslo's Like, isn't that where the it's the most peaceful place in the fucking world. They, they Not since World War II had they had violence like this in their country. It's also has the most beautiful people. My college roommate, Kristen was obsessed with Norway and she went there one summer.


She talked about it constantly. And she showed me these pictures. She, like, we went there and we went to this music festival and everyone was just like a gorgeous blonde model. Nordic. Yeah. They are truly amazing. Wow. So yeah, it's pretty great. I mean, it, they've they've got it down. Yeah. But of course we, there's al there's always gotta be an asshole to ruin things. Totally. So this guy unders bearing Breck, he drove a van with a bomb made of fertilizer and fuel oil, which was similar to the Oklahoma bombing Oklahoma City bombing. He went and drove that and parked it next to the building where the office of the Prime Minister Yen's Stoltenberg was.


And that van blew up. It killed eight people and it injured 209. Holy shit. 12 of them. Very seriously. Luckily, fewer, fewer people than normal were in the area because it was during, in July. So most people, that's the vacation month for Norwegians. And it was a Friday afternoon. So Oh. Government people were gone for the day. Why did he Do that? 'cause he was, he had posted a video on YouTube the day before where he was wearing a scuba suit and holding AK 47 and talking about he wanted to rid his nation of Muslims.


Oh yeah. The Muslims are the problem. You fucking psychopaths. You Fucking terrorists. So, okay. So, he does this hideous bombing. All of Oslo's just going nuts. 'cause it doesn't happen there. It does not happen there. And then less than two hours later, this guy Breck, he's dressed up like a cop. Yeah. That's Not fair. Like I called bullshit on that. It's the Creepiest worst, that thing where you immediately have the trust of people. Totally. And you're manipulating that trust. So, he gets on a, a ferry and he takes the ferry over to the island of Utoya. I'm going to pronounce it like a dirty American.


And as I will every other word in this article that is basically sounds like me reading an IKEA catalog, it's going to be that bad, Isn't it? I wonder if any murderer has ever taken a ferry to his, to his murder place. You know what I mean? Yeah. That seems almost like That. Maybe that should be next week's theme. Yeah. I I feel like he should have taken a, like, like a mo Like what's a, what are the ones where you stand up Andro across the Oh, like a gondola? No, a jet ski. Oh, okay. Like a jet ski. A ski, do Something, but a fucking ferry. He Had to jump on the ferry with all the other commuters. Yeah. So.


he goes over to this a summer camp. The average age of the campers are 18. No, why? They're the Norwegian youth labor party. So it's basically, it would be like if a bunch of young Democrats. Yeah. And there was a lot of children that were related to Higher ups in the government. Yes. Government workers and, and people that were sorry, So. he was No, you're good. He was sending a message strictly to these people. Which, like, when has that ever worked? When are people ever gonna be like, okay. Yeah. I mean, here's the thing. If your plan is to kill people's children, you are the bad guy. Sorry dude. Anyway.


Yeah. I'm doing it again. So. he goes over onto the island of Utoya. He is dressed like a cop and he tells them, they hear about the bombing in Oslo, which is of course, like it's national emergency. Totally So. he as dressed as a police officer, goes to say that he's come for a routine check because there's all these diplomat and politicians children on this island. So he's there to check if everybody's okay. Sure. So, he meets with Monica, a woman named Monica Boer, who is the camp leader and the island hostess. And she, there is also a man who is the security officer on the island named Tron Bernstein.


And he was also an off-duty cop. Oh. Please do something. He killed Bret. Killed both of them immediately. Son Of a, I was gonna be like, maybe this guy. Yeah, no, So. he basically, he gets on, gets access to the island immediately. I meets with the people in charge, takes out the adults in charge. How surprised do you have to be to have that happen to you? Like, but mom, before you die. Oh my God. It's the last thing you expect. Yeah. And So, he goes down. So in this episode of, I Survived the Kids Tell this story, but there was a lot of kids, they had gathered everybody up to tell them that this bombing had happened in Oslo. So then there were still people sitting on this big kind of outside area Sure.


Kind of standing around and talking about it. And this guy shows up dressed as a cop and he calls everyone around, I'm gonna throw up, asks them to gather up and then just starts shooting. And so, so the kids have, it's like they've just gotten this terrible news, then this starts happening. They have no idea what's going on. It's Not like you don't even know to run because it's so surreal. It's so surreal. That's what they all say. And he's dressed like a policeman. Totally. So on top of it, they don't understand what's happening. Yeah. Because They probably still think he's a policeman. It's not like you're like, oh, this guy lied. Right. Exactly. And also you're far away enough, so if you're seeing it happen, like they think, is this some sort of huge prank? Yeah. Or is it emergency?


Some of the kids said that on the other parts of the island, because they did have, it wasn't strange that there would be gunshots on the island because they were out in nature and they, they said that wasn't a weird thing. Yeah. Like that. That didn't surprise them. But then it was when they heard screaming that they realized something bad was happening. Oh no. This island is also very small. Is it? Yeah. So for the next hour and a half, no. Yep. This guy Rampage Walking and running around the island picking kids off. No, no, no. Where do they hide? Where do you Hide? It's such a nightmare. So some kids hid in a freezer and there's, there's kids that told a story of hiding in a freezer like five kids. He walked into the kitchen area all the way around and to the freezer, but didn't look inside and walked away.


And that's the reason they survived. And there's kids, they, it's, there's article after article where kids tell stories like that where they were in their bunk, they all went under mattresses or whatever, and they just held their breath and hid. And then there's other stories that these kids tell from I survived where like they're hiding and their phone goes off. Oh. Because the parents, The parents are Yeah. Are calling to see if they're okay. And that's what gives them away. It's, it's bone chilling. This guy just walks around picking off kids. I'm gonna Throw up, I always wanna know, like in the in, I always immediately think when I hear stories like that or like Columbine or school shootings, like where would I be in that room? Like where would I hide? Right. Where would I be? Yes.


It's, you're never gonna, you're never gonna know if it's the right place to go or not. Well, And also when you're in a panic situation like that Yeah. You're Christian to make do with what the best you know, thing that's near you. Yeah. It's just luck. It's, it's dumb luck and random fate. Totally. It's terrible. The other thing too is he had enough time that he was going around, he, he shot kids and then there was some kids who were just laying there pretending to be dead. Right. He had enough time to go back around and double check and shoot them if they weren't dead. So there, so it's fucked. So some kids had places to hide. Some kids would come out of the places where they were hiding and then realize that the guy wasn't gone yet.


Oh. So they would, you know, they would hide for half an hour and then think it must be all clear. And it just, because they weren't hearing screaming anymore. You guys Don't leave your hiding place until a real cop comes. I Don't know. But how would you know? I mean, I was, As I was saying that, I was like, Yes, I know. This is why, I mean this is like, this is such a terrible worst case scenario because it's also in a place where nothing, they don't have school shootings. Yeah. They don't have stuff like that happen. It's not common at all. And then they're also, it's just a kid's camp. It's like such, so much innocence that it that like, it's just the most surreal. Yeah. A bunch of kids jump into the lake and start swimming away across and now it's really cold water.


Yeah. Really cold water. And thank God there were people that were on the islands across and in the houses that heard stuff, heard gunshots, heard screaming at first, thought that the gunshots must have been firecrackers, whatever. But there was one guy who had a big boat who heard it, and Oh, got a call to say something bad is happening. Yeah. You have to go over to that island. He thought it was a prank, but went anyway. Oh my goodness. God bless. He saved 30 kids. Holy shit. Because he just went, he was like, this sounds like nothing, but I will go anyway. Totally. There were kids in the water. He was throwing out life jackets to kids who he couldn't fit on the boat.


They did like four trips. Oh my God. He did that. He was a local named Marcel Effy, is how I'm gonna think it's pronounced. He was a German residence that was staying at the, a camping area on the mainland, and he got his boat out there. Then there was another 40 kids were saved by Hege, HEGE, Dalin and Toll Hansen, who was a married couple who are holiday holidaying nearby. This was, this Wikipedia was clearly written by a foreign person. Yeah. Using words like holidaying. Dolan was helping from land, so kids were swimming up under land.


She was getting them like to safety while Hansen and ano another neighbor were making boat, boat trip rescues. Then there was a man named Casper Oleg, who made three trips to the island in his boat. And, oh, sorry. Casper is the one who thought initially it was a prank, but went anyway, altogether 150 kids swam away from the island. Wow. And were pulled out of the fjord by campers on the opposite shore. Holy shit. So that's an I, it always makes me feel better when you hear that, like the other citizens taking action and helping out.


Helping. Yeah. But the thing was, this motherfucker, once he saw the kids were getting into the water, went down and just started straying the water. Dude, So. he was in Berserker mode, as they like to say, on last podcast on the left. Sure. He was in the mode where he was. No one was going to live. How did they stop him? Basically, the cops finally showed up after an hour and a half. Why did it take so long? Because, Oh, They were at the other, they were at the bombing. They were at the other bombing, and they didn't get word and all there. It, it was a bunch of different stuff. Yeah. But yeah, it basically just took them that that was how far away it was. Yeah. And how long it took.


They, they finally got on, you know, it was a bunch of cops in like full riot gear and SWAT type gear went on and just made an announcement saying, put your gun down. And I think at that point he, he was done. Yeah. Because they said he had made a couple of calls too, so. Right. I think it was that kind of thing where it was like he made his first round and then it was just like he was coming down off of it and He was ready to, to put his message out too, probably. Yeah. It was like not, this wasn't just to kill people. This was like a message. It was absolutely a message. Yeah. And it was this kind of thing of like, we need to take our country back. Yeah. And this is how we're gonna do it.


We're gonna deliver the message to these politicians and to these people who are quote unquote allowing things to happen. Yeah. So at the end of the day, Breck had killed 68 children outright. Jesus. 68 children. Oh my God. That's more, that was in my high school graduating class. That makes me So sick. It's terrible. And then he injured a hundred and ten, fifty five of them. Seriously, the 69th victim died in the hospital two days later, So, he was arrested. He was examined by a court appointed forensic psychiatrist, and he was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.


And they concluded that he was psychotic at the time of the attacks and criminally insane. But they, when it came time to have him go to court, they did a second psychiatric evaluation and found that he was not criminally insane. That he was fully aware of what he was doing. It was planned and it had been planned for years because not only did he post that YouTube video the night before, but he had been four years, had been talking and ranting about this xenophobic shit of we need to get these people out. And of course, he had a manifesto. Right. So they find the manifesto and there are sections that he ripped off directly from the Unabomber without, without attributing.


And he just re replaced, he replaced leftists, which was Unabomber. Yeah. With cultural Marxists. He, when he got on to, when he first started shooting the kids, he kept yelling, today is the day you die. Marxists. Wow. So. he was accusing everybody of, of being, you know, like communists or whatever. I am Like children. I mean, not that adults are any better, but it's just like, Because that's gonna send like the fastest, worst message. And it's also, it's, that's a person who wants to do evil. Yeah. This isn't just, you know, you send a, you, you park a van that has abominate next to a government building and you're trying, that's chaos in mayhem.


Right. You're trying to create Destruction. Yeah. And you're walking away from it. It's not like you're point blank shooting. Like, but when, but that is like, He took it to the next level because he wanted, he's evil and he wanted evil to be done. Which is like, what do you, who do you think you are to protect anybody from anything or pretend that's what your intentions are. Yeah. When what you are doing is killing children of your own country. That's all, that's where your argument falls apart. Yeah. So, he also in this manifesto said he was an admirer of the Tea Party movement of America. Oh, well there you go. So, you know, just know that, know that, know who you're appealing to.


On August 24th, he was found to be sane by that panel of judges and sentenced to preventative detention, which is a sentence of 21 years in prison that can be repeatedly extended by five years. As long as the person is considered a threat to society, that's Not long enough. He should have been fucking, It's the maximum sentence allowed by Norwegian law. And the only way to get to allow for life imprisonment is to get the 21 year sentence and then re-up it every five years. All right. We're back. And this story still is just so heartbreaking.


It's a Horror movie. Yeah. I mean, it truly is. It's a horror movie. And as a story, it's like a person who tried to plan the most painful, hurtful, scary thing that he could do. And then he did it. Yeah. All right. Are there any updates, Karen? No major updates. So, brave has been held in isolation since he began his prison sentence in 2012. So, he tried to sue the state saying that his human rights were being breached according to the justice ministry. So it's inhumane to hold him in isolation. But dude, the reason he's being held in isolation is because he did a thing that people can't even fathom or wrap their head around.


Right. It's just like, I don't know. All right, well let's turn this around and we can end this rewind episode on what we would call the podcast. Now, if we were naming it after a quote from the episode and not a weird number system that's like falling apart already. That's Clearly falling apart because we're basing it on what the Dugger are doing. That's, The wheels have come off the fucking car. It's, but we're still driving it. Look, 2024 will not hold up, you know, eight and a half years from now. Let me, that's just a thing people need to realize is just like all of this as we evolve it, we can't look back and go, we did great People.


We will never do that. That's our promise to you. We really can't. But I think it's interesting, this is such a clear episode where we needed a good producer to go, Hey, if you're gonna do this story, if Karen's gonna do this story, then we have to do a slightly, a slightly different story. So it's not so horrifying in this, in this show. In the show. Totally, Totally. But didn't do it this time. Nope. Too early. Yeah. You have two jobs. I think I had a, a couple weird gigs and that's All we had. Oh, you, you had some stuff you were doing that, weren't you doing like a streaming thing or some sort of like video thing for your other podcast? Oh Yeah, that's right. We were doing like a Yeah.


Streaming thing. Yeah, We were busy. We were Busy ladies. Oh, the suggestions for the titles encouraged to jaywalk. That's a great one. Georgia said that when she was talking about being a kid and walking Alone on this. I like, I hear that. It's so true. Jaywalk, you'll be quicker. Just run. Yeah. Get quick home. So Jay Jaywalk. Yeah, hitchhike. Get, get a ride from a stranger if you wanna get home quicker. Year five. So run out in the street where they can't see you. I'm pretty good at jaywalking now, I will say, and then this is the first time I think I said, sweet baby angels referring to the victims of the freeway. Phantom. Pretty wild. Well, I mean, sometimes we just have to review episodes that are just a bummer in every way.


Yeah. Yeah. But we did that. And thank you guys for listening. Stick around for more rewind episodes. We'll keep doing them if you like 'em. Yeah, that's right. Thanks for showing up. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.