
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times. You don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver MD. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. A lot of spice And That Wine. This is our Wednesday episode, our new Wednesday episode where we recap our old shows with new commentary, updates and potentially retractions if necessary. I think this one is necessary. Ugh. Also, happy New Year's Day. If you're listening on the day that this comes out, it's 2024. It's 2024 now five. Five for you. Five. Okay. Yeah, I get time. This Is being done in the past. Believe it before you start your new year, which is gonna be incredible by the way.


What A year it's going to be for you. It's going to be, but before we go into the future, let's, let's let us drag you into the past. Oh. Because Yes, that's right. Line. Because today we are recapping episode 26, little Babies. We were, And we named it Twenty Six. Six Six. Oh yeah. Because of course we did punk Rock. Yeah. And it came out originally on Thursday, July 21st, 2016. I just wanna say July 21st in mid to late July in Los Angeles is a pretty warm time. Yeah. We were still in your apartment with no air conditioning.


That's correct. I'm not saying that to you, accusatorily. No, I love it. It's my roots. I mean, I, but I, that's all I can think of when I think of like these, when I look at these and I'm like, Oh yeah, that's right. And then I'm like, I was having a great time and sweating my ass off. We were sweating. I was wearing tiny clothes. We were, we talk about in the beginning of this, like the worry that more fireworks are going to happen. Oh yes. 'cause that's Los Angeles the first, like couple weeks before the 4th of July and a couple weeks after in Los Angeles. It's just constant Fireworks, fireworks, fireworks in the a Tinder box of a city that's just like dry wood based insanity. And we were so traumatized by the week before.


That's right. When we had those, Or someone said they almost got in a car accident because they heard the fireworks from the week before And thought Drove off the road and thought it was happening in there, thought they were being shot at. We must be careful when we listen to podcasts on the road, We have more power than we realize. And it feels Great, doesn't it though? Here in 2025. Okay. Are you ready? I'm ready. It's the rewind episode. Now we all get to be day one listeners. So Let's listen to the intro of episode 26. Let's start Now. Let's Start right now. Let's start right now. Fireworks Be a firework.


Someone Whole, whole building collapses. Someone On some social media site said that they almost got in a car accident when they heard the firework because they thought it was a gunshot. Oh No. I know. Sorry. We were just as scared as you were. We were more scared because as loud as it was on the podcast, it was fucking 15 times louder in real life. Yeah, You're fine. Sorry. It was very, very scary. Surprising. And to me, funny. It's Hilarious. It keeps happening though. So it might happen again tonight. And what is it, September? I mean, how much longer? I Don't know.


So prepare yourself and your dogs. 'cause I'm sure people, some people's has, they were like thunder jackets off. But I tried to put a thunder shirt on George one time. Yeah. And when I came home, it was eaten. Yes. It was like ripped to shreds and parts were gone. I know, I know that well happened. No, I put a cat, a collar on my cat once and came back and it was like, here's what I think of it. Yeah. Get fuck yourself. Get fuck. I mean, I wouldn't wanna fucking collar her. I mean, I guess I did when I was 14 and thought I was punk. I work hard. I mean, that was the nineties, right? It Was, wasn't it There It was all about cat collars and shit back then. Yeah. Punk, fake punk rock. Totally. I have, I still have mine. It still smells like, like Victoria's Secret.


Apple spray. Apple body spray spray. Oh no. Oh, no. Yeah. You mean sorrow? Yeah. Yep. It still smells like ecstasy. Yeah. Hey, how are you? How was your week? What's going on? Hi. I've just been working. Oh, this is my favorite murder. Oh, Guys, listen, I mean, I figure if you press play on this, you probably know that If you're one of those rando people that just goes through iTunes and picks different podcasts and hits play, No one's ever done that. Right? No. I don I seriously doubt it. But welcome, if you're that one person, if you're the lone wolf, Hi. If you're new to this, I'm Georgia.


That's Karen. I'm Karen. This, this is my voice. Karen was the one singing. I do that because it's my passion. That's her passion. And she's good at it. And I'm not, I disagree That I'm bad at that. I'm bad. You disagree that you're good at it. I disagree that you are bad at it. Thank you. Because I've heard you do it jokingly and it's not bad. Oh Yeah. It's not, I guess the secret is not to try Or care. Or Care. Yeah. That's true. Here's a good segue into the presence we just got. Oh, I'm, I'm holding a cold beer to the stab wound that I gave myself. Okay. Can I just explain this very quickly?


So we had, Georgia had a little pile of presents waiting for me when I got home to her apartment from work. No, this isn't my home. And it was like, I waited for you so we can open these up. Yeah. We wanted to open them off air so it wouldn't take forever. And one of them, I opened two because Georgia was slightly afraid they could be a bomb or something dangerous. So It's like Karen's face. So I'll go, I was like, I'll go ahead and take the hit. I Mean, you're off camera talent, you know? So I need this fucking, I can have the eye patch. Yeah. All you Need are your, is your brain. That's, And I would love for my teeth to be blown out. Right. So I can now get some awesome veneers. Anyhow, I was, yeah. So I did the first two and Georgia was, like I said, she picked up the third one and I said, do you want me to open that?


And she was like, I can do it. I'm not that insane. Or whatever it was you said I was fuck anxiety. And then she went to open it and stabbed herself in the bare leg with a pair of scissors. And it, I have to tell you, as painful as I'm sure it is, it hurts. It's also hilarious. It, It's one of those things, and this happens to me a lot where I'm glad it happened because it's worth it. Like, I run into stuff all the time and, and like do dumb shit. And I'm like, I'm so glad that that happened. Yes. That's humor and life Instead of just, when you look down And you have a rando, that's the second time I've said that word. And I've never really said it before at all. Interesting. What's going on? What teen boy am I trying to impress?


When you look down And you, there's just a huge bruise for no reason. Yeah. Where you're just like, do does this mean I have blood cancer? Yeah. Why? The majority of my bruises I don't remember getting, and it's not because I am constantly drunk. I'm not. You're not. And I, and I mean, when I'm drunk, I'm smooth as shit too. Like, I'm good. I'm much better in person when I'm drunk Than I'm When you're drunk, what I notice is that you seem to just enjoy every single thing that goes on. Really? Yeah. You just have a big smile on your face And you think everything's kind of funny and like enjoyable it seems like. Yeah. I like, I, I think I like understand moments so much better and understand people and get, get life better. Yeah. Which is like so unhealthy, but Well, you have a Good time.


I think maybe I'm not anxious. Maybe that's it. Maybe I'm amused and not anxious. Deep down under underneath. Yeah. When you use beer to uncover your true personality. Yeah. Well we got some, oh my God. Amazing gifts. We just had it like a baby July Christmas, dude. What was that? That was someone slamming the door. But it sounded like a gun. That, That sounded like a half firework to me. Yeah, it did. All right. We start, We got a beautiful card. That's the Sparkliest thing. It's gorgeous with the really funny, cute joke on the front. And really great printing inside. Beautiful printing. The kind of printing I wish I could do, but I don't understand why that looks the Way it does.


I might and do this. I might trace over the handwriting later. It's so satisfying. Have you ever tried that? I've never done it. It's from, this card is from Emily and she just said a bunch of lovely things and it was, it's basically a thank you card for our podcast, which is the cutest thing of all time. She was raised well Girl. And she likes a card. We'd like to thank her parents for this card, Mr. And Mrs. Emily's parents. Right. Move on to the next one. Then we got from Candace. She sent us this really fucking rad her, she's gonna start doing murder zines. And the first one is the murder zine is called the Matilda Effect. And the first one is about Francis Lesner Lee.


There's There, they're women in science scenes. Oh, I thought they were murder. No, they're women In science. Women in science scenes. Yeah. Sorry. But the first one is about a woman who, did she wanna be a cop? Did that card say? Yeah, She wanted to be a, a scientist. She wanted to be, she's basically, if you guys have seen the documentary in the nutshell studies where she really, this woman way back when really wanted to be a doctor, a nurse. And she wasn't allowed to because of her family. I think she was a rich, I think she was from a wealthy family. So instead she started to make detailed miniature models of composite crime scenes. So she just made miniature crime scenes so that cops could study them without screwing up the crime scene.


And she's just had this huge effect on, on crime scene procedure. And she's incredible. I love Candace. You can get these at smut punks. It's S-M-U-T-P-U-N x.com. And she's gonna make, she makes other but buttons and stuff. And she just makes shit. And I haven't seen a fucking zine in real life in so long. I know. Did you ever make a zine? No, I never did. I Made a zine for, it's like a tribute to Ray Bradberry and D Delight. W Combined. Yeah. Wow. 'cause those are the two things you like. That's What I liked when I was 16. So seeing a zine is like exciting. It's very cool. And I think you should, I think we should all support zines. You know what I did was I just assumed that Candace made a zine for all the things I like, instead of what she's interested in.


Just murder in women in science. This was, yeah, it was, it was specifically for me. Well, It is a true crime Subject. Yeah. Yes. So And so fascinating. If you get, it's called The Nutshell. What's the documentary called? It's Called the Nutshell Studies. You gotta watch It Explained Death. Yeah. She's, it's great, Candace. It's fascinating. Thank you. Thank you so much. Please Keep remaining to be a badass. Then we got, oh my God. This amazing puzzle from Holly. She said, Karen, Georgia, thanks so much for sharing your favorite murders. I made a puzzle about mine. Thought you might like it. Like it. Yeah. We fucking lost our minds. This I'm so excited.


I kind of like, I kind of begged Karen for it. It's a, It's a 3D puzzle of HH Holmes murder castle in Chicago, which is the best thing of all time. So I think everybody probably knows, but if you're, if you just started liking true crime, right. HH Holmes, they're, I think they're gonna make the Devil in the White City movie with Leo DiCaprio. That's right. I think you've heard. Oh, And you can get this at where, can you get her The Puzzle? Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Okay. You can get holly cardin.com. So it's H-O-L-L-Y-C-A-R-D-E-N. And I think she's gonna start just making true crime puzzles. That's amazing.


I cannot wait to make this. I'll take photos. It's very cool. So anyway, she started off with HH Holmes murder Castle fucking tits. You can watch the movie. It's the best story ever if you get creeped out by, by premeditated planned psycho murder. Yeah. This is the story for you and I would do it. But they did it on last podcast on the Left. I know, I'm not, They they it's been done a lot. It's been done a lot. And it's very well known. And a movie's gonna come out. Yeah. So we, you know, we let, we let we it got taken care of. Yeah. In our minds. Then finally, Oh my God. And then finally Bethany who may, Bethany Jones.


I'm assuming these people are okay with their names being said. Yeah. I think they want a shout out. Which they were. Absolutely. Yeah. So Bethany Jones is from the base element makeup, bath and body, I would call it company. And she sent us her card says, I hope you like your namesake lipsticks. I loved creating them while listening to your podcasts. All of your podcasts. One after the other. I twitch and fittingly. When I was done, my kitchen looked like a murder scene. And I was smeared red to the elbows. I've got a bit rock and roll and made skull bath Bombas in your honor. Twos, see what an inspiration you are. Stay sex. You don't get murdered.


It's so awesome. This box smelled, we could smell the bath Bombas from, from outside. That's Why it wasn't a bomb. Because I feel like they wouldn't go to the trouble of making it pleasant. Pl a a soapy bomb. Oh, it Was a bomb. Oh my God. I didn't think that that, yeah, That's right. Fuck you were right. See, you are right all along. I'm psychic, but balms can be Good, but Bombas can be good. So we, we just got a shit ton of lip gloss and lip balm and lip scrub and eyeshadow. Like, a lot of them are named like, have quotes from the podcast. There's a fucking lip balm called Elvis Wanna Cookie. And once we, we got excited and exclaimed that when we saw it, Elvis lost his fucking mind. 'cause he thought he was getting one. So I had to give him one.


Yeah. We kept saying Elvis, we, I won't say It again. No, no. He's okay. But yeah, there's, I mean, our names are on, he on lip balms. This is, this is right up my alley. So she's Gonna make them. She just wanted us to get the first ones, which is so fucking cool. Yeah. So you can go to the, the base element at Etsy. Yeah. And buy Marino and non-No, You guys, we can have our own makeup line. Fucking Love this podcast From Bethany. It, it's so cool. It's so cool. It's very cool. Thank you for our gifts. Totally worth it. To open up, to open you up to danger. I know. And get that po that PO box. Hey look, that's plenty of presents. That's plenty. I'm okay with the PII talked to my therapist about it.


I really fucking lost my shit this last week. I talked to her about it. I got some pepper spray. The reality is it's not gonna fucking, I mean, what are the chances that's gonna happen? It's not, then I get scared when you say that. Fuck, Get On. I'm sorry. All right. If you really, really wanna find it and if you actually have something that you're making that's like legit, you can have the PO box Also, there's 80 million ways to contact us so that you could probably say, Hey, here's what I'm gonna send you. Totally. And here's a copy of my driver's license so that if I do harm you in any way. Right. And now we have evidence it Can't be contacted evidence. It's all on the internet. So that was present, present. That was present corner, What we call present corner.


Okay. We're in. This is fun. So we start opening like, gifts from listeners, which I know. Scared the shit outta me in the very beginning. Yeah. Clearly. I mean, you are taking true precautions and then hurting yourself in the, in the process. That sounds sounds like me. That sounds like me. Through and through taking precautions, hurting yourself on accident. Yeah. I mean, I can relate. Yeah. I think that's very relatable. Also, I think we were doing a lot of those kinds of Okay. Strangers are sending us big boxes. We just gotta go with God on this one. Yeah. And like, play along. And I have to say this, we've been doing this for almost nine years. We've got been given a lot of amazing gifts. Yeah. A lot of hilarious gifts.


A lot of downright weird gifts. And I maybe shouldn't be saying this, but we've never gotten a scary gifts. No, I've never felt threatened by a gift except that doll that had the happy face and the sad face. But, but the person who gave it to us, It was hilarious. Was hilarious. And, oh God, I wish I can remember her name, but also knew that that's what they were doing. We needed It. Yes. It was great. And do you remember we sent it to a listener? Yes. Someone won it. Who Has that? If you won the scary two-phase doll, please send us an email of how your life has been going since it entered your home. We must know. And actually, so what's really cool about these gifts that we just opened is that at Holly's store who gave us the HH Holmes murder Castle puzzle is still active@hollycardin.com.


So Yeah. She has a whole empire over there. Amazing. Check that out. Yeah. And also we talked about the devil in the White City. Oh. And we got so excited. 'cause the movie was supposed to come out. Did it ever come out nine years ago? It's never come out. But all the same people are still attached. What? And it is essentially, it's Leonardo DiCaprio, and I think it's supposed to maybe be Scorsese, I can't remember, but it's a famously cursed project now. Shut up. Yeah. 'cause I wanna watch it now though. I want, but I want it. But, and I want it. It's like that idea. I just saw a TikTok on it, and there's a shot, the opening TikTok, the opening picture of the TikTok. Was this the scene from the statues shoulder overlooking that big pond or lake or Whatever they built in?


Yeah, in the, in the state fair or the, what's it called? Fairgrounds Fair World's Fair. Yes. For the, yes, exactly. For the World's Fair. But they built it like it. It was all white. It's an incredible looking thing that like, I got to actually see this one picture that I was like, oh my God. And then of course, the Ferris Wheel. You know what's so crazy? Is that when this came out, this episode, TikTok didn't exist. Is that true? I'm making that up. I think it's true. I think it's true. I bet you it was. I wonder if Vine had even been shut down yet. Oh, Shit. Like Vine walked so that TikTok could run. Remember when we were Vine stars? Were We, no, I don't know. We could make that up. Pat Walsh was a vine star.


Was he? Yeah, he was. Oh, that's so cute. He would get on there and sing little songs like, oh, the girls are going to a Pizza Party. Yeah, vine. Okay. Legendary. So let's now, as we always do on this podcast, okay, take a left turn because this episode is horrible. It's horrifying. It, it's child murder abuse. This is basically a listener warning, but it's not just about child murder. It involves brutal child abuse. It's funny how our stories start to sink up at this point where it's like we both had the same mindset. Yeah. And so this episode is especially horrible because of that.


But I also find it really interesting, as I was reading through, it's clear that we're, you and I are understanding how to talk about true crime Yeah. In a way that we hadn't been taught. May, may I correct. Just starting to understand. Okay. Starting to understand Yes. In, in a way that we didn't, we weren't taught And that we were figuring out from listeners notes and from the way we, it made us feel. Yes. And not. And so there's a lot of comments here that it's almost like you can hear us feeling out our own empathy. Right. And what it means and what it, you know, doesn't excuse, but you know how to think about the These stories.


These stories. Yeah. And so it is a different time. Completely. And I think you and I are clearly, you know, feeling our way through that. I mean, I think about it all the time where, and we've talked about it a lot, but it's like growing up on quote unquote tree crime and the way the media used to treat it was normal to us. That's, that's just how it was Salacious. You're trying to, You know, salacious sell these stories. Killer Centric Yeah. Just kind of it pop culturey. Yeah. And so us coming in from that stance in 2016, looking back now and looking back, basically the whole time is just kind of like, why are we, why are we this disconnected?


Yeah. Why aren't we? And I mean, disconnected maybe isn't the right word, but it is like Yeah, you can, you can hear us slowly starting to realize nothing is black and white. Yeah. Nothing's straightforward. And at the same time, like, oh, You know, the woman from your story later went on and got to tell her Story. Right. And it was a complete, it like flipped that kind of very singular media narrative that we learned and kind of went with when it happened. Right. Like, the story can be nuanced without taking away the perpetrator's culpability. Right. And you can understand a story and people's motivations in ways without saying that they didn't deserve the punishment or that justice exists and so does empathy.


Yeah. But you know, how do we look at that? And I think we had to do that in a different way for this podcast. Right. And in a way that it's embarrassing to go, oh, I never, I didn't really think of the victim's family. No. But no one really did in a forthright way that we could have copied. Yeah. Like everyone now gets to copy everybody else that, that caught up and is doing better and doing better. Right. Because of course, all of our anonymous internet friends have have logged on to say, do better. Yeah. Many, many times. And we said, okay, okay. Okay. We said, well, you're right. We'll do our best. All right. So let's get into Karen's story. A classic story. One that I can't think about without thinking about you as a child, because she truly does look exactly like you.


Yeah. This is the story of Marybelle.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris, the cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive. S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now, and it only gets worse from here. That's exactly why you need to close that. Breathe look good. And we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen, shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals. The Best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands. By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts, stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot. And this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful Linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


Hey, do you wanna talk about our favorite murders? We might as well skippers come back to us. It's time. I think year first. Is it me? I think So. The murder that I chose This week Yes. Karen, In my favorite murder is one that's always, it's been one that like the first time I read it, I couldn't, I would have to turn my eyes away from the page because it is horrible and horrifying. But also like there's an underpinning of salacious to it that I thoroughly enjoy. It's about Mary Bell. Oh, the child child killer Buck.


Yeah. The childhood child killer. Yes. Now, what I realized in looking through my researchers, my research searches today, I mean from weeks ago right? For When all that research even Oh, just piles and piles. Every night I go to the, the city library. Mm. Like Morgan Freeman and I let the guy play, It's the same one from Ghostbuster first Ghostbusters movie. Right. The big huge cavernous ghostie. Yes. That's, I go down in the basement where the very old dead right ghost librarian is. Microfiche is involved. You scroll micro fe fish Just for for hours. Hours. So in the pictures of Marybell, which we should put up on the Instagram page, I will, that's what I look like when I was little.


Exactly. So I've always had a bit of a connection Yeah. To marybell in, in certain ways. But I also know, And we got called out, I think it was on, I can't remember the wo the girl's name, but the girl that shot up the the school. Oh yeah. I don like Mondays. Oh my God, Mary. Anyways, it's called Wait, Sorry. It Lisa. That that girl, we kind of got, there was a couple people are like, we were being too sympathetic to her. Oh. Or being like too nice when normally we're mean if it's like a man Yeah. And it's older we're mean. And like, hang him high. And then I Don don't disagree with that. I know. I mean, everyone has a lot to say about every fucking single I single Thing.


But I can see that point. And I'm not gonna argue. I agree. Well, I brought it up because I was thinking, is that how I'm gonna be about marybell? But the truth is, I honestly believe that Marybell is, its psychopath. I think she, anytime she seems sympathetic, it's because she's trying to seem sympathetic. Right. I think she is like, I think she's nightmare. Like we need to talk about Kevin. Yeah. The bad seed. She is the reality of all of that fiction evil child. Right. Like, nothing can be done Now. I think there's a reason she's that way. I don't, she may have been born that way because they do talk about how she from an early age, like didn't bond, but she had this fucking crazy mother.


Either way to me. I'm, I'm just wanna say it at the start. I'm not, you're not defending Her. I'm not defending Marybell. Okay. But I also wanna say another thing about it. Whenever there's like a child molester or a murderer, someone, we talk about their past and we're like, yeah, that sucks. What are we spo I don't, I don't think we were softer on her on Now I don't either. I think we're always like investigating the past of the person who's killing people That Doesn't exonerate them from, But I think sometimes, you know, when it's personal opinion, which is all, all of this podcast is Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes more empathy will come out. Even if you have it, it, you won't express it. Like Right. I don't have a ton of empathy for Richard Ramirez, even though we did get hit in the swing and he Right.


He had the worst uncle in the world. Yeah. Whatever. Yeah. It's, we're just saying it's understandable that this person didn't become a normal member of society. Yes. And for me, that's what's interesting to me. Yeah. When you can, when it's not just, oh, you were born with this defect where you do not have mirror neurons And you do not empathize with other human beings. That's one thing. But like, if there's like a little path, you could have been normal. Totally. If you didn't experience this parent or this aunt or whatever is some awful pit that you fell in in your childhood. That to me that's like, that's really what's fascinating. That's the slash slash horrifying. That's, that's the study. That's the study. Yeah. The, the, the, the effect that they killed someone and murdered them and raped and did all these horrible things.


That's the effect. You know, there's a cause and effect. Yeah. Et cetera. Anyways. Yes. And the cause is fascinating. Right. And if I had a, in education B didn't have a DDI would probably read up on it a ton and become some type of a, of a learned expert about it. Me too. And instead, Instead I have, I work in tv, so I am rewarded for not paying attention to anything. And Also, but we do have a, we do have a True crime podcast, so I think we're good. I think we're basically doing that. Oh yeah, Yeah. We're doing our best. Anyhow. Sorry, go on. No.


So I've, I've always found marybell fucking fascinating. Totally. So this happened in 1968. Ooh. Actually I thought it happened a lot longer ago. That's cool. 68. Yeah. And it happened in new, in the inner city suburb of New Castle in England. That's Stephen King's town, right? No, no, no. In England. Nevermind. Newcastle. No. New Castle Castle Rock. It's Castle Rock. Anyways. Oh yeah. Castle Rock's. The, yeah. Go. He's all about Maine. Can we just strike All of that from the record? Yes, absolutely. We're gonna go in and edit this down. So good. No, we're not. No, we're not at all. And we never do. Okay. So she was born to a unwed, unstable, 17-year-old sex worker named Betty MCC Cricket.


That's, and Betty used to leave her daughter with relatives and acquaintances just dumped her off anytime she could. 'cause she had to go. She, I guess she would go into Glasgow a lot and work as a, as a sex worker, Even as a non 17-year-old sex worker that I was the thought of having a child at 17. Nightmare. Nightmare. It's just, it, it's what a great opportunity for a ton of bad decisions. Totally. Like this one where she once gave Mary to a woman she met on the street outside an abortion clinic.


Shut up. Yeah. Betty was doing it. So her, apparently their household was filthy and sparsely furnished. And the Betty's family members said that Betty tried to kill Mary more than once in her first few years of life. Oh my God. And tried to make it look accidental. So they all became very suspicious when Mary, quote unquote fell out a window, had Drama, Possibly. And also when she accidentally consumed sleeping pills, What the Fuck? So they think she could have definitely gotten brain damage because she had sleeping pills, iron pills. And apparently Mary, sorry, Betty would feed the pills to Mary and tell them they were candy.


Oh, for fuck's sake. There are some people who now say that they think Betty probably had munch houses by proxy. Oh. Which is the gen, the fascinating disease where a parent gets addicted to the attention and sympathy. Sympathy that they get from a sick child. And so they make the child sick on purpose. It's basically what happened in the movie seven, right. When he, when the barfing girl finally brings him back to her house. That's a great scene. No, not fucking, We're like The other number movie The Sixth Sense. Our brains are sinking up because that was just, Oh, you know what's so hilarious?


Yeah. We're we're, it's like our mistake. Brains are like, I did the same thing where when I was talking about the poly class murder, I called it, I called it Cloverfield, which is a movie and the city name where her body was found as Clover Dale and Adrian, my friend whole time You called it that. Yeah. I think, but I think I only said it once. Adrian texted me and she's like, dude, it's Cloverdale you, you went there for softball games. What are you doing? And I just like, she's like, I'm the only one that noticed. But seriously, Cloverdale, this Is a monster movie. Yeah. Grow up. Maybe you were just trying to protect the town so people like, so looky Ls wouldn't show up there. That's right. And that's what you were doing.


Just stay away from Cloverfield. Yeah. So bad news, obviously in in her upbringing. And so of course at school Mary was known as a chronic liar, disruptive pupil. She, on occasion would voice her desire to hurt people. She did a lot of kicking and punching and lying. And so all the kids, they would make fun of her a lot. 'cause she was just basically a monster and a mess. And later on it, it, sorry, I was just trying to figure out where, when a good, but basically later on it, it came to be discovered that Mary's mother would use her and sell her in prostitution No.


As well from the age of four. Holy Shit. So she, I guess this is another thing that does fascinate me. This is another thing that like, that kind of trauma can affect you and does affect your personality completely. So she was subjected to really awful things at such a young age that they think that, that, that probably plays into the psychopathy and, and the behavior. Yeah. You're like, this isn't a safe World. World, nothing is safe. I need to fucking defend myself And I wanna start hurting others the way I'm being hurt. Yeah. And it, it's a way that, and it's normal. It's the way children, yeah. It's the way children communicate that they're being hurt.


Right. When they're no, they know they're not allowed to talk about it. Right. Fascinating. Totally. Okay. So on May 25th, 1968, two boys playing in an abandoned house found the corpse of 4-year-old Martin Brown lying in an upstairs room. Mary Bell and her friend Norma Bell, who was not related to her, they just had the same last name, followed the boys inside the house. And when the police arrived, the two girls had to be ordered out. So they really liked looking at this dead body. How old Were they? Mary was just about to turn 11. Okay. And Norma Bell was 13, but Mary was the dominant Yeah. Of the two.


Sure. Like a little more mature and smart. There was no obvious cause of death. So it was assumed that Martin Brown had swallowed pills from a discarded bottle, which was found nearby. So the next day, Norma Bell's father caught Mary choking Norma, and he slapped her face and sent her home. He was choking. She was choking her so bad. Holy shit. The day after this little boy died. So four days later, Mary Bell appeared at the brown residence asking to see Martin. And when she was reminded that Martin to see you was dead, Wait, she showed up.


She Showed up at the dead boy's house asking to see him. And when the adult that answered the door reminded her that Martin was dead, or it was the mother that answered the door. And when the mother said he's dead, Mary said, oh, I know he is dead. I wanna see him in his coffin. Oh My God. Can you, what would you do? I'd scream, I'd run screaming. I mean a little girl too. Yeah. Who was, yeah. Okay. So two months later, three-year-old Brian Howe goes missing and a median search is mounted. And Marybell tells Brian's sister that he might be playing on a heap of concrete blocks that had been dumped out in a nearby vacant lot.


And which is where he was discovered dead from manual strangulation, legs and stomach and penis, mutilated with a razor and a pair of scissors. The police discover at the scene, the letters M and n or scratched into his stomach. Oh, Fuck. So as the investigation narrows, Mary, so, so somebody that had been walking by said they saw kids around that pile of stones that day. And then when they took the three-year-old's body into the corner, he said, it looks like he's strangled. But it's such light force that I think we're looking at a child murderer.


Oh my. So then the cops went around and started interviewing all the kids in the neighborhood, and Mary and Norma were both dinged right away because their stories kept changing. Mary acted super weird. They got freaked out by how creepy and weird she was. And Norma couldn't stop giggling. Holy Shit. So Mary, when her, when the investigation got narrowed onto Mary be, she suddenly remembered seeing an 8-year-old boy with Brian on the day he died. And she said that the boy hit Brian for no reason. And that she said that same boy had been playing with broken scissors.


The but the boy, she was naming a specific boy. She was basically trying to pin it on him, but he had been at the airport that afternoon. Oh fuck. And so the thing that Mary didn't know is that the scissors were confidential evidence. No one knew about the scissors. Oh, Mary, this is what happens In public. What happens when you're a fucking 10-year-old murderer is that you didn't, you don't understand. You can't keep your shit in line. Dude. Yeah. So baffling, she essentially implicates herself with the scissor comment. And she had described them. Exactly. So she's trying to pin it on the other boy. Yeah. And in doing so, she's like, they were silver colored and some, there was something wrong with them.


Like one leg was either broken or bent. So she basically describes the exact scissors to a TI Mean, smart, smart, smart. Investigating by the cops that they like, figured this shit out pretty quickly. And can you imagine sitting in an, in a room? No. Across from a 11-year-old girl, when you see this picture, big blue eyes, little button nose kind of vacant. Just Think baby Karen. But just think baby Karen. I was precious lamp. But she's lying to you. So you're buying her at first and then she give, she does the old in Inglorious bas it's holding up a three. And You don't even want it to be true.


Like, you're not even like, we're gonna get this guy. No. It's like, Wait a second, you just said this wrong thing. Creepy enough that the coroner says you're probably gonna wanna look for a kid. 'cause a kid strangled a three-year-old. So you probably don't want it to be true. You probably have children of your own. And this little girl is like, Yeah, the scissors, I mean, the chill that chills would go down. Your back Chills. So, okay, I did the slidey thing again, which I always do. So Brian Howe was buried on August 7th. And the, the investigative detective was named Detective Dobson.


And he was there and he says Marybell was standing in front of the house, house when the coffin was brought out. I of course was watching her. And it was when I saw her there that I knew I did not dare risk another day. She stood there laughing, laughing and rubbing her hands. I thought, my God, I've got to bring her in. Or she'll do another one. Holy shit. So they bring in Mary Bill. Why Are you laughing? Psychopath? Because it's me. She's also rubbing her hands together. Right now you can. No, Because see her, I'm picturing it and it's like how they, why don't they make this movie?


It's the creepiest thing of all time. Seriously. This is like the ring, except for the girl has her hair back out of her face. And she's like, she thinks she's getting away with it. She wanted to kill that little kid. She killed him. And then she wanted to see his dead body. It carried outta the house. It's just, it, what's so crazy is the, like, you know, when you, when adults kill, they like, try really hard to hide it and try to outsmart people. That's like what you do. But this little person who I guess you can argue didn't understand that either death was permanent or what it meant, Maybe, maybe, Maybe.


Or she enjoyed the feeling so much that she had done it. She, you know, 'cause there was some, a killer that we talked about where they said, I want people to feel on the outside the way I feel on the inside. Yeah. Yeah. Was that the one of those Cheshire Murders? Yeah. No. Or was it the person you talked about Last week? Yeah. No, Either way. Facts. This is factual, factual corner. This is fact based. It's that thing of like, when you finally feel right in the world is when like, that's how she felt, right? Yeah. She killed, she had the power to take his life away and put him in that box. She finally had power, but She also had to be a little bit like arrested in her in Yes.


She couldn't be smart enough. She couldn't have been smarter than a 10-year-old. She was just didn't understand. Right. Oh, no, From wrong. You don't think so? Go on. Because this is where it gets crazy. Oh My God. This is where, This is where, well, this is where it shows that she was raised by two criminals because her mother ended up marrying, I think his name was Billy Bell. And he was like a career criminal. And so they clearly talked about being arrested, going in and outta jail and all this stuff. Because when she's arrested, first of all, when they say you are going to be charged with murder, she said, that's all right by me. Wow.


And she, She, Sorry. When she was in jail, there was a stray cat in jail. Oh Fuck. And Elvis cover your ears. Yeah. Elvis, you're not gonna like this. She grabbed the cat no tightly by the neck. And, and the guard told her not to hurt the cat. And Mary, I, don, Mary allegedly replied, oh, she doesn't feel that in any way. I like hurting little things that can't fight. Back. In another incident, a police woman said that Mary said she'd like to be a nurse quote, because then I can stick needles into people.


I like hurting people. Oh my God. So there was kind of a naive quality about it. Then also the jailers, once she was in there, she calmed down a little bit after a while. And a lot of the jailers liked her. The guards, you know, 'cause they said she was very smart. She's, she was very sharp, but she was a chronic bed wetter. Oh yeah. And she's got one of the pieces, probably two if we count those being overdosed on drugs by your mother and dropped Out of a window And dropped out of a window. Sure. Probably got two At least. What's the other one? Fires Fire. Yeah. Okay.


No, no report of fire on her. But she was terrified of go going to sleep because she was afraid she was gonna wet the bed. And she said to one of the guards, I usually do, and at home her mother would humiliate her anytime she wet the bed. So she would rub her daughter's face in the pee. Oh Jesus. When she found it. And she would hang the mattress outside so the neighborhood would see it. So when they went to trial, Norma was acquitted of all charges. And Mary was convicted of two counts of manslaughter. So I think it, they say that Norma was there, Norma had like eight brothers and sisters or some huge family, and their whole family was there supporting her.


Mm. And she did a lot of crying on the stand and saying, Mary did it. Mary did it. And Mary did the same thing of saying Norman did it, but all she had was her lunatic mother who was wearing a blonde wig and would freak out so much and cry and do all these things that her wig would fall off. Oh my God. And then she would get up and run out of the courtroom and then come back. And so because of that, munch husband's by proxy, like this was her drama. Oh, for sure. She was basically, you know, say in the, the very slight chance that Mary wasn't guilty, she was condemning her anyway. Yeah. Because no one had sympathy for that family. Right. Whereas everyone was like, oh, this little girl's just been set up by Marybelle.


Yeah. And then in the tabloids, Marybel just became the, just the face of evil for years and years. Yeah. They didn't have anywhere to put her because they didn't have, they, they had never had to deal with sending an 11-year-old girl to jail. So there was like lots of places for juvie for little boys. Yeah. But none for little girls. So they had to keep her, they kept her in like a separate quarters in a, in a boys' detention center. Wow. For a long time until she was in her teens. When she was in her teens, she escaped jail for a little while with two other boys. But then they, they, they were only gone for two weeks and then they went back. She spent up until her, like, I can't, I don't, I can't find it now.


I think it was like in her mid twenties in jail. And then when she got out, all of England was like freaking out. They were super pissed. She made money off a book that someone wrote about her again. They were like, we need to pass laws, you know? Yeah. Whatever. She got out and then what? She ended up becoming a grandmother, like a mother and a grandmother. Wow. She got pregnant. I don't think she got married. And then she was, did she change her name? There was, they passed a thing where they kept her. Yeah. She's, she now lives under pseudonym. Right. And they, like the British people wanted that repeal. They wanted to make her live as herself.


Oh. But they, they whatever you, they continued the ruling that she could live under a pseudonym for the rest of her life. Okay. Wow. We are back. Karen, do you have any updates? I wanted to know like, where is she now? So bad. No one knows. And I, it's good that we don't Yes. However, there's this part of me that wants to know. I know. I mean, like, that's like the other media training that we have, which is kind of like, this is now we get the 15 year update, the 30 year update. Yeah. Like whatever. But no, there, the adult Mary Bell and her daughter remain anonymous. They're protected under an order from the UK's high court.


So I think that's all good. I, I mean, I was talking to Allison Agai, our writer about the, this story and how like this child was raised with a mother who was actively trying to kill her all the time. Yeah, yeah. And, and, and horribly abusing her. Yeah. And then it's like, I I, it's just mind blowing to be like that. If that's your perspective and that's how you get treated. We can't know. It's hard to imagine because we take for granted that we were picked up and held and cared for and looked in the eyes as Children. I feel like psychology in the past, like 10 years, at least for myself, is learning that the tools you learned as a child that you had to learn that helped you get through that period were actually helpful.


And so in a way, this empathy that Mary Bell was able to turn off completely and have no care about anyone else and not understand other people's feelings was actually beneficial to her because she was being horribly abused. Yeah. It just turned into hurting other people as well, You know? Right. Which is I think, kind of a common thread in all these stories. Right. You can't consistently hurt a child and think that that child should just be resilient. Yeah. And hey, they're they're kids. They'll get over it. Yeah. Like it doesn't work that way. Yeah. The tools that you learn to protect yourself, you know, can turn on you and aren't always positive. Right. So also they're tools that you're just getting like, and then as you grow up, you later when you realize that of like, I don't need this anymore.


Yeah. It can be like shameful or embarrassing, but it's like, but that's just the human experience. Yeah. It's like you could, you just do it until you know better. Right. That's what everyone's doing. And you think it's who you are and it's your personality. I'm talking about myself at this point, about like dissociating and I'm only ever talking about myself all The time. There's, and that's yours. I'm talking about yourself all the time. It really helps. It's like, you Don't realize this isn't your personality. It's just like your learned behavior because it fucking helps. It helps. Well also I had that realization about five years ago where it's like, oh, that's right. Standup comedy and wanting to be a comedian was a coping mechanism. Right. What? What? Yeah. I could have just been like a marine biologist, like I wanted to.


You Don't think marine biology is affecting coping mechanism too? I think it is personally. Oh, just staring at whales all day. Hey, you Love a whale. Oh, well I hope your childhood was great. Oh yeah. I guess, I guess I guess you can focus on, on kelp all the time. You're Not terrified of the ocean. Well, congratulations. Must be nice. Must be nice. Okay. Okay. Oh, This guy, this story. Oh, we have to now go into, I think we talk about it at the time. I think we have talked about it multiple times since. Yeah. I will say it now. Potentially one of the most nightmarish, horrible human story ever. Yeah. Just absolutely terrible.


Georgia's about to cover the death of Lisa Steinberg.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ionic nine gives you class leading interior space with a really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist too, and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful iion nine rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC Ultra Fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air, And that means open windows, outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I Get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit Simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye


Cat. People don't mess around when it comes to their pets. I've seen them act that way on the internet. So if You're serious about your cat, it's time to start using a litter that loves cats as much as you do. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And pretty S ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's The cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I love that you get this like small box of cat litter and you're like, that's not gonna last me long. And I know that because it doesn't make my back hurt when I carry it into my cat box area. But lo and behold, it's such good litter that one bag does last up to a month. It's so crazy. It's such good litter. It makes your house nuts stink. It's all the things Dream come true. Right now, save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy@prettylitter.com slash mfm. That's pretty Litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Pretty Litter cannot detect every feline health issue or prevent or diagnose diseases. A diagnosis can only come from a licensed veterinarian. Terms and conditions apply Seaside for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


What's your favorite murder of the Week? Hi. Mine is also a Chi yelled mart. Is it really? Yeah, that's, man, this is a long episode for parents. It is very weird. That's crazy. It's very weird. But this is, this is by, this is a parent, a parental murder. And this one stuck with me for a, has stuck with me. I've read about it for a long time because there's a photograph of the built girl who gets killed. Oh, you're not, oh, you're saying the child is murdered, not The child murder. Got it, got it, got it. Child murder. Yes. Got it. So there's a photo of the little girl the day before her death that really fucking stuck with me. I hope that, do you hear that?


Yes. It sounds like thunder. My fucking downstairs neighbor plays some video game, world of warfare Call of Duty. Is that a thing? Yes. Call of Duty. Yeah. And it's just, so if you hear that, I'm sorry. So Lisa Steinberg, this poor little angel baby. That's the one. That's the One. Oh my God. It's heartbreaking. This is the worst story. Okay, sorry. It's okay. No, you're right. I'm breathing. Not 'cause I'm, okay. So it's in 19 81, 40 5-year-old Heda Nusbaum and 46-year-old Joel Steinberg, who was a defense attorney who sometimes handled adoption cases. Joel was, they took custody of an infant girl named that. They named Lisa. And they illegally adopted her.


The child's birth mother had paid Steinberg, the attorney, a $500 legal fee to place the child with a Roman Catholic family. But they just kept her, instead they were Jewish. I don know, I don't think that matters, but they, whatever. Anyways, so this Heda and Joel were a well educated, they were upper, upper class New York couple. They lived in Greenwich Village in New York City at school. Lisa's teachers said she was bright and friendly, but they worried about her arriving at school with bruises and chunks of hair missing from her head. Oh. And she would tell them that her little brother, who was also a younger, who was a adopted child, had hit her.


And none of them had ever made reports of abuse, which changed a lot of stuff in the system. So there's a photo from Halloween the day before this, the big incident happens that one of the teachers took of Lisa, and it's just a photo of her at her desk. It's Halloween. All the other children are dressed up and she's wearing her normal clothes and she's just kind of staring off. And it's this, with this sad face, like an empty, sad face. And the next day, on November 1st, 1987, HEDA, the mother calls the police to report that her daughter had choked on food.


That's what she said. And when the police arrived, they found 6-year-old Lisa Steinberg unconscious, and she had multiple bruises on her body. And the mother had a claim that she had fallen a lot lately on her roller skates. So according to initial reports, on November 1st, at around 7:00 PM Joel Steinberg had somehow rendered Lisa unconscious with severe blows to the head. And what had later said, as the reasoning was that Lisa wanted to go, Lisa wanted to go to dinner with her father, but he did not wanna take her. And then he inflicted the head injury because she wouldn't stop bugging him about wanting to go to dinner before he left the apar.


But before he left the apartment, Lisa was unconscious. So he left. And the mother Heda was alone with the kid who was dying for roughly 10 hours. Oh. Failing to notify police or medical personnel. Joel left and came back many times. They were free based and cocaine sometimes together because they were also like weird drug addicts. Yeah. And she says she didn't, HEDA said she didn't call authorities because she believed that Joel had supernatural healing powers. Oh God. And she was waiting for him to come home and fix her, which we'll get into in A bit.


Don't do drugs. If you're gonna do drugs, don't adopt children's stupid motherfuckers. No, Don't. So around 6:00 AM the next morning, Lisa stopped breathing. And shortly after Steinberg called 9 1 1 at Nussbaum's urging, Lisa died four days later in the hospital. And it was determined. Determined the cause of death was a head injury, apparently inflicted by what they say was a rubber headed hammer. Holy Shit. I know. It's heartbreaking. The St. Vincent doctors, this is according to Joyce Johnson, who wrote a book called What Lisa Knew. The doctor showed a quote map of pain on her body. Ugh. I know this poor little thing, man. I wish, I wish I They also, let's see, the house was filthy and contained large quantities of cocaine and other drugs.


And the couple was arrested on child abuse charges. New York law state stated at the time that if one parent beats a child and the other stays silent about it, each is equally guilty. But that's good. I know, but Heda was late. I mean, is it because, is that giving any understanding to the, to the other parent who didn't do it, who was probably abused as well and victimized it? True. We know. True, true. We don't know. But here's the, here's the, so Heda was later found to have been abused by Joel throughout their relationship. She suffered from nine broken ribs, a broken jaw, and a broken nose. And if you look at photos of her at this trial, and right after this happened, this person is fucking disfigured.


Yes. Like this person's that she had to get cartilage from her quote, good ear, taken out to reconstruct her nose, which had collapsed Because he'd punched her so many Times. Yeah. Oh fuck. So she wasn't prosecuted due to the belief that years of a abuse had rendered her incompetent at the time of the murder. And instead That makes sense. Yeah. And yeah, let's, we'll talk about fucking culpability, man. Instead, she was sent to a psychiatric hospital in exchange for her testimony against Joel Hadda was not prosecuted and Joel was charged with first degree manslaughter.


Mm. So the trial, Okay, Go ahead. How, Why not, why not murder? I Don't know. I don't even Okay. Be, oh, you know why? Because later it was said that if Heda had called the ambulance at that moment, Lisa would've survived. For sure. So So it wasn't his intent to murder her. Right. When he did kill her. Right. Jesus Christ. Breathing, breathing, breathing. Breathing. What? What's around us right now? Sea, sea foam, green wall. We're here in 2016 and not in eighties New York.


Yeah. In this horrible apartment. What do you feel under your hand? What do you, I just Remembered as you were talking, describing her appearance, there was an amazing article in Oprah's magazine that she head SBA wrote. Well, she wrote a book. Did she? Yeah. I bet that was just publicity then. And it was just an excerpt from the book. I bet it was, it was unbelievable. She wrote a book about, she does like talks and about being Abu abusive relationships. And she wrote a book about about it that I didn't really wanna include because I don't wanna make this about. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I, but we, you know, I'm not, she wrote a book. It's just the side by side of her when she was young, when she first met him. Yeah. And when she was arrested is cr she looks like an old witch.


Yeah. And she was this gorgeous young New York woman. Yeah. When I just, when she met him, I have Such a, I mean, this is the problem is I've never been in No, it's not a problem. This is great. I've never been in an abusive relationship before, so I don't know the fucking, the ins and outs head games. Yeah. And the the, and the, the way you have to Rationalize things, Rationalize things in your head because this person you care about, you know, is doing these things And you want them to believe that they, that they have no control over. That they're not doing it on purpose. That they would never hurt you otherwise, your whole fucking world is just shattered. And That's right. Insane. And on top of that, they're using strong, they're free basing at this point.


I mean, free basing cocaine is like, you're, you're doing cracks. You're, you're crack heads. You're a psychopath. Yeah. Okay. And they were, there was also some weird, like cult stuff and they had been convincing her that she like mind games with her. That she had been sleeping around and had been hypnotized. And there was just some very fucked up mind games with the schedule. Ugh. So, so, all right. So the trial, so this was actually the first trial which made New York, which turned New York into the 44th state to allow television cameras in the courtroom. Oh yeah. And this was like fucking watch. Yeah. Like people tuned in constantly for this.


So during the trial they said that Lisa's injuries were severe, but she would've almost certainly survived if given prompt medical treatment. So this is probably why you had manslaughter. So the jury wanted to convict Steinberg on the more serious charge of second degree murder. But they couldn't because, so they could only convict him of the, of the second of the second most serious charge, which is first degree manslaughter. So the judge then sent him to the maximum penalty. Penalty then available. Guess, guess what? Guess how long that is, Karen? God, is it seven years? Eight and one third. Oh. To 25 years in prison.


And he's a lawyer, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So on two occasions. So Steinberg served his time on two occasions. He was denied discretionary parole because he never expressed any remorse for the killing. He never said he was, he hit her. He, it was always an argument that fault, something must have happened with Heda fault. Yeah. The girl. But on June 30th, 2004, he was paroled under the state's good time law, meaning he did good time. He was a good inmate. Congratulations. You killed A kid. He wasn't, he wasn't a good father. Yeah. He was a rotten father and husband. That's Insane.


All right. Okay. It mandates the release of inmates who exhibit good behavior while incarcerated after having served as little as two thirds of the maximum possible sentence. After his release, he moved to Harlem and he works in the construction industry. He continues to main maintain his innocence. But there was this really great New York magazine article where this journalist, I don't have his name was like clearly like this guy's full of shit. He was interviewing his attorney who's like, just a fucking dick lick motherfucker. Excuse me. Why? Now? What?


Why now when you say fuck every five seconds? Excuse Myself. Excuse me, excuse me for that. Something About Dick Lick motherfucker was a little more You. That was, that was one step too far. Weirdly, That's something I say on the regular Dick Lick motherfucker learn it in the magazine article. He like needled Joel. And finally Steinberg finally admitted that he quote pushed his daughter a little quote with the soft pad, you know, on your palm. He finally kind of gave in, 'cause the whole article, they were trying to, the, the lawyer were, was trying to make it seem like Joel was the victim of this like media slander to make, had to look innocent and him look guilty.


And it's like just what a piece of shit. Yeah. Damn. In 2003, Steinberg was ordered to pay Lisa's biological mother, the one who gave her up for adoption. 15 million for the heinous out outrageous crime of murdering Lisa. Wow. Which I'm a little bit like, do you deserve that money? No. But still, I like the idea he has to pay. And then, but then a civil suit, HEDA was wanted to collect 3.6 million from Joel for eight years of beatings. She said she endured and the permanent disfigurement she has suffered. Which at that point I'm a little like, you're this child died.


You need to walk the fuck away. Yeah. Or am I being insensitive to, I mean, there's abuse victims. There's lot, there's a lot of ways that we can offend people in this. But here's, this is my stance because I remember the wanting Money is like such, The wanting money is bullshit. Yeah. Because you, I understand that she was in an abusive relationship. I also understand that she was a drug addict, which is a lot of people don't have empathy for that. I do. And I understand that you go into a place that is inexplicable and indefensible a lot of the time. Yes. You don't ask for money for doing that. No. You make reparations. You fix your life, you make your amends, you clear away the wreckage of your past.


You don't ask to be paid for the thing you fucked up. And the thing about it is, is like you, you were an adult in this relationship as mind fucked as you were, as victimized as you were. You stayed in it. You chose to stay in it until this awful thing happened. If that hadn't happened, you would've stayed in it and the children would've still been abused. It's just so happens that that Lisa died, that that you got out of it. Right. And there's so many examples, I'm sure listeners too, who have figured out a way to get out of abusive relationships and how fucking difficult it is and awful it is. But you fucking do it. And that's your choice as an adult.


Okay, we're back. Yeah. It's hard to listen to us talk about and debate even with ourselves and our own conscience. Like who deserves what and why as you know, when it comes to justice and reparations and you know, it's just such a different, it's such a different mindset back in 2016 than it's today. Well, it's just ignorance. Yeah. I mean like it's not, I don't think you and I have ever pretended to be anything. We're not. Yeah. And so when we were having those kinds of conversations, it's literally just, and I think why people like this podcast, we're just regular people that are like sharing our kind of like, oh, I guess this is what I think about this.


And I think that's why listeners like it. 'cause then they literally can be like, here's what I think about it. Yeah. And here's why your answer either delights me or discuss me. Yeah. And then it's like, oh right. What are we doing? Like we're Doing critical thinking together. Yeah. I mean we got, I remember us getting follow-up stuff Yeah. About Head and Nusbaum and really good information that was like, it really did feel like the beginning of bigger picture more to consider. Yeah. It's not just you and I sitting in your apartment chatting. Totally. And you know what's interesting to me about this is I am in the middle of JC Duggar's memoir A Stolen Life. And it is harrowing and difficult and mirrors this story in a lot of ways.


And is really, even now in 2025, opening my eyes to the abuse that victims endure. And JC just goes through this thing that is mind blowing and I will never understand. And you can never understand unless you've been through it. And just the space you need to leave open for people who have been in abusive relationships. And that just the understanding that you'll never understand. Yes. So I'm trying to wrap my brain around that and looking at the story from that angle as well. Yeah. Is really eyeopening to me. Really Quick, did I ever tell you about Adrian's mother-in-law and JC Dugard? No. Okay. I'll try to make this as fast as possible. Okay. Adrian, my sister's friend Adrian. Yeah. Who, she's also my friend that's now the longer title that she has her mother-in-law.


Pushpa is this brilliant woman who, Well, she's the teacher. She is. No, that's my sister. No, No. Your English teacher Wasn't Adrian's mom, the English teacher? That's Adrian's mom. Judy. Oh, who are you talking About? Her mother-in-law. Oh, got It. Okay. Pushba Pushba and Pushba was a parole officer. Oh. In that area. And that's a big deal in the story. It's a big deal because Pushba got sent to that house and she went back and said, and something's not right. They wouldn't let me in the front door. I, she actually tried to look over their shoulder. He was like at the front door, wouldn't let her look inside. Then she went around even though he was like, yeah, no, no, it's all fine.


So then she went around and peeked over the fence. Yes. Saw the tarps, went back to work and was like, you gotta go in there. Something's wrong there, blah, blah, blah. And they were like, we don't have any, cause they basically didn't listen to her. And there, you know, you've Gotta be a nosy neighbor. Well, and also like that kind of thing where it's like, especially that specific situation where she was held there for so long. Yeah. It's so awful. And like the idea of at any point something could have changed. Yeah. And it was just like somebody on the other end being like, it's not that big of a deal. Right. Is so frustrating. That's The huge part of the story is like in her mind it's like no one cared. Yeah. No one was looking and it was just Bush Bo was, it was just a peek over the fence away because they didn't realize that the backyard went on further Yes.


Than it did. Yes. Right. That was like a false, Just where she was being kept. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That's incredible. I mean, be the nosy neighbor, you guys, That's the Pushpa is the one where when Nora was like five years old, Pushba asked her what she wanted to be for, what she wanted to be when she grew up and push was Sri Lankan. And Nora was like, I wanna be a cheerleader. And Pushba goes, don't be a cheerleader, be a doctor. So we say that to Nora all the time And she'll be, you fucking know it. I think it worked. I think it worked on her. I think like just being able to accept that you have blind spots, not that you're bad for them, not that it means anything except for that you're a human being.


Yeah. But just like the humility of going, yeah, I must, and I know I do. And the way I see the world is just that. Right. The way I see the world Is from my own experiences and And that's a very singular experience. Yeah. It's a very, and also, You know, having the internet suddenly like the world was like, there's more than your experience. Right. And here it is right here. And now you should have known this already. Yeah. And like it really was this very insane dividing line of like all of a sudden there were people snapping their fingers being like, you should be smarter than this. Yeah. And it's like, I know I should be smarter than this. Like it's crazy. Right. So yeah, those kinds of like I could never imagine. Therefore I don't even know.


You don't know what you don't know. You don't know what you don't know. Okay. I have a couple case updates. The baby from the story, baby Mitchell, Lisa's adopted younger brother, was returned to his birth mom. He was given a new name and he eventually graduated with honors from his high school, earned a college degree, got married and pursued a career in banking. So Beautiful. Thank God for that. Thank God. Around the time Joel was being released from prison, which fucking Jesus Christ had a newba, changed her name and moved out of New York so he wouldn't be able to find her. Her exact whereabouts are unknown. And you know, you heard us talking about abusive relationships, so if you or anyone you know is struggling to leave an abusive partner, we wanted to give you a few resources.


Yeah. The National Domestic Violence Hotline is free, confidential, available 24 hours a day. And it's 1-800-799-SAFE. 7 2 3 3. So that's 1-800-799-SAFE. And their website is the hotline.org where you can find resources and also get involved in supporting survivors, either through volunteering or hey donation. Oh, We do those, shall we? Let's please 10 grand to the hotline.org. The National Domestic Violence Hotline. Yeah. And if you have anything to give this New Year's, that would be amazing. I think that's a incredibly helpful charity to support. Definitely.


Well, That was a heavy episode. Sure Was. But at least we ended it on a donation. We ended on donation and a happy new year. That's right. Hey, happy New year everybody. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Goodbye. Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Ah, hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech. I am saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text, and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stock their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid Ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at Greenlight dot com slash iHeart Greenlight dot com slash iHeart.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members, your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.