
This is exactly right.


It's Croc Tober, the official celebration of Crocs Fans like you. So Whether, you like to rock your classic clogs, get cozy and fuss lined, personalized with your favorite divots charms, or even, you know, dress up like a clog For Halloween, it's time to tell your story and share your style. Join the Croc Tover celebration with Crocs fans around the world. Go to crocs.com to discover the range of shoes and find a pair that's iconic like you, Crocs, celebrating you all month long.


Woman of the Hour is the stranger than fiction. Story of an aspiring actress in 1970s, Los Angeles, whose life intersects with a serial killer in the midst of a year long murder spree when she's cast on an episode of the Dating Game, based on a true story and directed by Academy Award nominee Anna Kendrick Watch Woman of the Hour, now playing only on Netflix rated R.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. It's our new Wednesday episode where we revisit our original episodes and kind of give you a personal recap on what we were doing and what we were thinking and how much it's all changed since 2016. It's a lot turns out. Yeah. And today we're revisiting episode 16 called, we're Sticking with this Blood Murder. Sixteen Magic. And this came out on Friday the 13th of May and 2016. That's lucky. I know there's a lot of witchy elements taking place here. Yeah. So go into the street and grab the biggest Red Hot Chili Peppers fan you can find to listen along with us right now, because we can all be day one listeners.


Okay. Let's listen to how we chose to start episode 16, or we're recording. Oh God. Jesus Christ. Hey. Hi. Hi Karen. Hi Georgia. How are you? Don't worry about it. Ladies and gentlemen. It's my favorite murder. I'm Karen k Gareth. I'm Georgia Hard Stark. And we're here to talk to you about Murders. Hey you guys, do you like talk about murder? We're murder nerd. Turns out a lot of you like to talk about murder. Turns out it's not that rare or weird. No, I think it's just that other people don't live in big cities where everyone talks about, you know, there's more people that you can talk about murder with.


I think a lot of people are like the only person they know that likes murder. Yeah. You can't go to your mom with this shit. No. She's going to shake her finger at you no matter What. Yeah. And your husband's gonna get scared of you. Yeah. He's gonna be like, holy shit, I married that. Yeah. Your coworkers are gonna be like, something's wrong with her. She's gonna kill me in the bathroom. I feel Like, and like, why are you that into it? Coworkers are always that girl. Oh Fuck yeah. Did you take my yogurt? I'll murder you. Like I will murder you. I don't think that's interesting. 'cause my brother's best friend got murdered when he wasn't. I think that's actually really mean to like death. Yeah. Okay. Well that's perfect then.


That means I never have to talk to you again. Yay. That's how I've negotiated my life personally. I test it out Scaring away. Do your eyes go wide? Oh, then I've now weeded out the week. Goodbye. Do you throw your brow or jump up and down and clap and say, I love murder. That's how you pick your team. Totally. Yep. That's how we found each other. Do you know, did you already know that Kara Clink loves murder? I think she told me recently. She loves it too. That's that's, oh Yeah. She texted me and was like, I have a murder story I wanna tell I have hers. You have it. And it's amazing.


Do you know that there's like, I've had a, the best, the best compliment is when someone you know, kind of from like your world writes to you and is like, I love your podcast. Yes. And you're like, I didn't even know you listened to it. Yes. I have a few friends who are like acquaintances who've done that. And they're like, I have a story I wanna tell you. And I'm like, I will. It should be on the podcast. Yes. I Love it. It's, yeah, because there's, I, I have the, I've had the same experience. And I kind of wanna go. Like, it's so nice that you would, even the second I see somebody talking about their podcast, I'm like, turn off brain. Yeah. Like I never pay attention. Yeah. Meanwhile, I have the goal to have two. Right. Look at us. I mean, we're Just, are we allowed?


Because like, there's so many other things I, I'm interested in. Can we, let's do one more together about something totally different. A different podcast. Would it have the same passion though? No. Like what? Do we have another thing in common? No, that's, I'll see myself out. You know what it is? We could talk about vintage clothes. Do you like vintage clothes? Oh, Okay. In two months. We can talk about it a lot. Does anyone wanna hear about fucking shopping and Clothes? Nope. There's a reason. What are you gonna do? Describe 'em. Yeah. Yeah. And it had pockets and buttons. I kind of looked like that one scene from Greece where they were at the dance.


Yeah. This is why, because there's only so many vintage clothes, but there's just an infinite amount of murders. Yeah. Because everyone's murdering God guys, we just did the cracked.com podcast. Yeah. Which was so awesome. So much fun. When does that come out? Shit. He told me And I. Don't remember Jack. Would you remember Jack's last name? Nope. God, we're the worst. We are so self-centered. Today's a little bit of a lazy Wednesday. Yeah. We hung out last night and went to a drag show. Oh my God. Jackie Beat. That was a great show. It was so hilarious. Yeah. And we told your friends about why did we start telling them that we had a murder podcast?


Who? Your two friends that were sitting next to us. Oh, I Don't know. Because when people are like, what are you up to? Like, Oh yeah. I don't know what to say. Yes. Because everything sounds like bragging. Like, well what am I up to? I don't know. Like this thing that's not that great. but it sounds great. Yeah. So I just dunno how to answer that question. Yeah. Saying You have a podcast is good because it definitely does not sound like a brag. No. Because it's just like outing yourself as a fucking Self-Indulgent, yeah. Weirdo. So Yeah. And that's also a nice way to test the waters. Like, are you interested in this or no? Yeah. And I. Think everyone is. I think so. Well, because that's the what we were talking about last night is everyone watches 2020 in 48 hours.


Yeah. Like that's the reason they're popular shows. Yeah. And even people who don't, like Vince wouldn't put it on, but when it's on he's like dialed in. Yeah. 'cause it's good. Some good young storytelling. It is. So this was from, we had someone talk on the Twitter feed, which made me really happy and of course made me laugh it again. Anytime people are tweet, tweet in Yakuza, you tweet in any of the stuff that we can't remember while we, while we're talking. We Love it. We Love it. We would drive you crazy with not knowing. Sorry, It's just who we are. But it was, if I can't find this, it'll be the worst. Sorry.


Now I'm gonna be doing a reading talking where it sounds like I'm not paying attention. It's okay. I'll talk over you. Go to my fave murder on Twitter. That's our Twitter account. Follow us there. Of course you guys already know about the Facebook page. We have almost 5,000 people in that freaking page. And it's like, when I'm can't sleep at night, I just scroll through it and read all the a, the articles where people are putting up today. It's so good. I do the exact same thing. And pretty soon we're gonna have T-shirts. Like in the next week you're gonna be able to pre-order your shirt. So good. Which Is so exciting. Did you find it? Yep. Oh good. No, no I didn't, but, but it's, I know I'm close because I remember these. It was just a woman who said that she had to look up When. I was talking about the suppressive person's response.


Oh yeah. That we could not think of that phrase when we were talking about Scientology, but lots of people could think of it and told us, which we love that there was a woman who looked up the thing that I called like ground hypnosis. Right. I completely made up the title for it. It sounded great. It's for when pe when pilots are in the sky, they can't look at the ground 'cause they'll just instinctually just drive the plane into the ground. Yeah. And she said what it was called. Yeah. I can't find it. God dammit. Can edit this part out. Can we really? Sorry. If you want, unless you can find it. This is my challenge to find it in five seconds.


5, 4, 3. I mean Two. It's Like, alright, I just retweeted it. I thought well, but maybe, but Maybe I've been secretly going in and deleting tweets that you Just For fun. This for fun. Here's the, here's just a quote from us. I love when people quote us. I know. 'cause I'm self-centered. It's a Powerful feeling. Here's the thing that I know about skateboarders. They're massively chill. They don't murder families. Said Karen, I Love it. Oh, someone said quote.


Worst case scenario, he eats the baby. I Don't remember. but that Was you. That Was me. That was you. That you would never let Albert Fish babysit your kid. Right. By the time you're old, you're either completely evil or an American hero. Oh no wait. Oppressive persons. Someone said, you said you're in a cult Call your dad. That's When I was just letting Scientologists know how it is. Oh my gosh. It's the bad. Fuck it. I can't, I can't find that. I'm sorry. That's okay. And then let me see another quote. How about Shelly Misko is missing as fuck. Missing as Fuck Girl.


Pretty great. That is a good one. I love that. I talk like that. My mom would hate it. All right. Oh my God. My father. The amount of F's and s's that I say on this podcast, my father would be livid. Oh, do you wanna talk about our new favorite show? Sure. The Affair? No, you mean the family. That's what I meant. I hate the Affair. The Affair is a bore. Right? It's A trash heap. It's not even a bore. It's like, it makes me angry. How just VAD and stupid every single person is on it. And, I don't care about you guys. And I. You fucking deserve each other.


You have to go on. I think they're, from a while back, like John Levinstein on Twitter was doing like basically live tweeting the affair. And it was literally like, will he finish his book? We just don't know. Like he was pretending that this, those plot lines were exciting and it was really Hilarious. Oh, I just wanna kick that all on the vaginas. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't watch it. 'cause I don't caret watch it if people have affairs or not. It's, I feel it's none of my business, but yes, the family. Oh My gosh. So someone on the Facebook group was like, in a comment was like, has anyone watched the family And I need a new binge watch show? So I was like, I'll check this out. Joan Allen. Yeah. The guy from Friday Night Lights. That's super cute. Yeah. And like Matt Sorenson Who's the cute Oh, that's, oh, that's what he's from.


The Big Brother. Yes. It's from Friday Night Lights. Yes. I wonder. I couldn't place him. Gosh, he's cute. He's this super cute guy that dated the coach's daughter and Yes. Oh, and he like ran away and shit. Yes, yes. He is very cute. He's beautiful. He's so weirdly beautiful. He's like plain and beautiful at the same time. And he is got That like skater, like bad boy look to him. Yeah. Like, you wanna fix him? Yes. In this. But that's how good of an actor he is. Right. Because in Friday Night Lights, he was like the little abandoned boy that was being raised by his grandma and trying to be a good football player, which was like heartbreaking. You wanna take care of this? Fuck. Yeah. 'cause he's got those big eyes. Oh My God. So here's the plot, which is like my dream plot of anything ever is a kid goes missing at eight.


Fucking I love kidnappings. Come 10 years later comes home. Steven Sanner, who's, What's he from? Steven San. That's the real life thing that, that really happened. Right. I'm pos these are my theories. I'll just shout out what I think they're basing it on. Okay. There. 'cause there's, it's a lot of like true to life shit. Yeah. The kid comes back. Is it really the kid or is it not the kid? Where has he been? That's the documentary. The Imposter there. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. Does someone know something? Does someone not know something? There's like suspicions. That's The podcast. Does someone know something? Sorry. The, the the is the cop fucking the dad. Yes. Yes. But you, that's not a spoiler alert because you find that out immediately. Yeah. My, it's so great.


And what I love about it is that it, the, the biggest bombshell in the show doesn't happen until like a few episodes in with the sister. Oh my God. No, they keep, they just keep, I think they did a great job of like understanding that these days people need more than just one like storyline like that. Right. And folding in things that are fascinating, And possibilities. Like they, they've basically made it the most dramatic possible show because Then you wanna go back and be like, I watched it from an angle of thinking this was happening. And I. And the whole time I didn't know this other thing was happening. So I wanna go back. You'll, you'll understand when you watch it, I wanna go back and see everyone's reaction now that I know they know it's going on.


And the the flashbacks are great. It's all these like, present day, 10 years ago. Like who got kidnapped? Oh my god. Andrew McCarthy. Oh my God. He, it plays like the town rapist creep. Who gets exonerated when the kid comes home because he got tried and convicted for the murder of this kid. Yeah. Who? And he is the, and Went to Chi, went to jail as a child. Molester murderer. Yeah. He, I mean, which isn't bad news, but He isn't into kids. You know what I mean? Yeah. He's got some problems. Yeah. He is such a good creep. Yeah, he really is. He's got kooky eyes. Yeah. I'm happy to see him back in the acting world. He directed an episode. Yeah. The Flashbacks are incredible.


And there's nothing I love more than a secret buried room. Oh yeah. In the woods. How, How, what would you do in there? How would you get out? Yeah. And and how crazy would you go and how terrible the, Okay, here's my problem with it. The police officer doesn't know how to police Never the Lady. Yeah. She is the worst. She should have been immediately fired after he gets exonerated a Yes. Everyone finds. And probably how he would've been fucking The dad immediately taken off the case. you aren and you're still on the ca Yeah. Like so much of the cop shit is such bullshit. I can't, she like shoots someone who's unarmed.


She and nothing happens. Yeah. I But that actress played daughter Maitland in Boardwalk Empire and she was so incredible. You're killing like, I I'm always like I know that face from somewhere. Yeah. That's what she is. Oh. I had to look her up because I was like, I know who that is. And it's, she has, she had credit with me. And. I didn't know why. And then I looked it up. And I was like, it's fucking daughter ma. I was like, this must be her first role. I've never seen, you know, I don't know. Shit. I just hate it's, I Love it all. It's great. but it, I have the same problem with this that I did with the killing. I don't give a fuck if people are running for office. I don't wanna know about their stresses. Right. I think it's the most boring thing possible.


It's, it makes me crazy. So it's like we've got the big speech tonight. Yeah. There's nothing more boring than running for office. And My thing is too, like, you guys are wealthy. Just stay home and chill. Like in my life. Yeah. Don't power through it by No. Continuing to run for like state senate. Yes. Stay Home with your, like if I were the, if I were the mom and my kid came home 10 years later, I'd be like, well we are fucking staying home together For at least a week. At least a week. And bonding. Yeah. Also, we're already rich. Who wants to be fucking mayor? I mean, ridiculous. Don't, don't you know about like cooking and hanging out at home and like being good parent and like, or That if you go through a major life trauma, you are allowed to stop doing the thing that you're doing for an indeterminate amount of time.


Totally. So that you don't have a nervous breakdown. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, I get it. There's A couple, there's a couple flaws. But overall it's very entertaining. The, The cop part is so huge for me that I almost can't, I almost can't. But The sisters played by Allison Hill who is one of the greatest actress. What is she from she Radio? Well, Scott Pilgrim. She was the, the, the girl who was the drummer in Scott Pilgrim. She Like, yeah she was great in that. But she was on an episode. What was that? In pa In in Treatment. Oh yeah. Did you see That show? Yeah. I never got past the first episode but I know it was supposed to be great. Gabriel Byrne. Her episode of it is so good that I was like, oh my God, this actress is so good.


And then I just start started seeing her in a bunch of stuff. I need to go back and watch it. And the little girl who plays her in the flashbacks, the two of them, I mean. Yeah. You know when you see flashbacks and you're like, come on. Or you're like, they hired her 'cause she looks like her, but she's a terrible actress. Right. It's like one of the two. This girl's great. She's great. Looks Like her. She's well, and also I feel like because Joan Allen plays the mother, And, I feel like Joan Allen is probably in a position where she got to call at least a couple of the shots in this situation of Yeah. How the show was set up. You get Matt Sorenson, you get Allison Pill, you get that British actor who's in everything in England and is now on this show. Which one is he? He was on, no, No, no. Which one is he in the show? Oh, The dad. I Knew he had an accent. Yes.


That was bothering me. 'cause it was coming out a little bit. And I don't, it's like, well fine, he cannot, he can be from England when he was a kid. But for some reason it's like, that bothers me. Well you Know, they always give British actors credit 'cause there's so much better than American actors on the whole, but Right. Oftentimes it's, you have to have a good ear to be able to do a convincing American accent. Yeah. And. I think most people are like, of course he can do it. And then they're just like, well every once in a while they'll drop an R or do a weird thing. Exactly. And then you get pulled out of it. I do. But then I'm like, well he can have been from Germany or from fucking England or from like Australia. And it does. Like I, I know I need to just get outta my head. Yeah. but it does take you out of it. Yeah. I just love that guy because he has been working consistently for easily 30 years.


He's in everything. Wow. In England. Wow. That's, that's awesome. For all my PBC obsessive television watching. He's just like, oh, he's in every other thing. Okay. We're back from the past. And This one is so interesting to me because this is a turning point for us this episode. Oh yeah. Because we mentioned that we were on the Cracks podcast, the crack.com live podcast with Jack O'Brien. Yeah. And that is where people found us for the first time. That's right. Yeah, That's right. This is like the moment when suddenly it was, oh shit, what the fuck? Because of crack.com podcast. Yeah, that's right. Jack O'Brien's having us on his podcast was truly a next level kind of like, you're coming up here now.


Yeah. Thing. Jacko O'Brien is one of the loveliest human beings. We saw him at the iHeartRadio Awards. That's right. But anyway, it was nice to see him full circle like that. Yeah. So, I don't know, to me like this kind of just gives me chills a little bit. 'cause it's like, all right, buckle the fuck up Karen in Georgia. You guys have no idea what's about to fucking happen. We don't know what's going on. We're just delighted that the Facebook group has 5,000 people and people are starting to learn how to do memes personalized to the show. That's right. I Love It. And. there were some really good ones. Yeah. This was like the start of like, oh we could take these quotes that other people are telling us. We say turn it into merch. Yeah. It's just like, which is always where my brain is.


Of course. Yeah. Start a third and fourth business. Why not? It's a good idea Out of my personal bank account. That's a great idea for tax purposes. Yeah. Just keep a little running notepad. We'll be fine. And we were ladies and gentlemen actually We, we were, we were, We were. We actually were. Alright, well let's listen to Karen's story from episode 15. This is like one of those classic ones that you look back on and you're like, how did it turn out this way? It kind of reminds me of Lacey Peterson in that way where it's like, yeah. Oh everything was handled wrong and the media and The world was Watching. Right. And the media and public are like partly to blame for that and but so are the police who mishandled it.


You know, Every angle and step. It was a very flawed time I think. Yes. And it's, we've talked about this a lot. It's the media we cut our teeth on. Right? It's the insensitive kind of salacious news media, I would say Victim blaming that. Yeah. That built that. Yeah. So we were kind of like, later on when you look back you're like, oh no more. Do we have these blind spots. Alright, well here's Karen covering the murder of Chandra Levy. Oh.


Today's episode is sponsored in part by Acorns. While Everyone's busy with Halloween parties and haunted hay rides, let's talk about something truly frightening finances. Don't let your financial future turn into a horror story. With Acorns. There's nothing to be scared of. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing in your future. You don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with acorns. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change With their roundups feature. Every purchase you make is an opportunity to invest. So that giant skeleton you bought for $300 and 45 cents gets rounded up and becomes a 55 cent investment in your future. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio that fits you and your money goals. Then automatically invest your money for you. And now Acorns is investing in your future too. Open an Acorns later IRA and get up to a 3% match on new contributions. That's extra money for your retirement. You Can see your potential with the Acorns compound interest calculator. It'll show you how the power of time and compound interest can help your money grow. Give Your money the chance to work as hard as you do. Head to acorns.com/murder or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC Registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery And not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about It? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For my favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit and you'll get a free proof 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was my favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com? That's join. MID i.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Is it me first? I think so. What's our theme? This week, Karen? We, The theme is let's not do themes anymore. 'cause they pan us into a corner and, and make us do it all wrong. I think when we don't have an idea of what we wanna do, like let's, for the next couple ones not do a theme. Let's Play it fast and list. Yeah. And then like if we, if I have one that I wanna talk about and you don't have one, I can be like, okay, well here's the theme that will work with this. But We could also go into a realm at some point where we assign each other Ooh. I like that. I like an assignment. I wish you guys could have seen her face. She genuinely liked that idea. Lit up Those you already have very big eyes and they just went like three times bigger Ooh.


Am I scary? Ooh werewolves London. Is That your, is that your murder? Those London werewolf murders? No, mine is, and interestingly enough happened in the year 2000. Oh my. Every single murder from now on for you was gonna have happened in the year 2000. Yeah. Shipman didn't really, didn't really serve the purpose it was supposed to. So now it's all gonna be makeup work. That's actually how my whole life is. I fuck up something and then I'm constantly making up for it. Long past the time when anyone's interested. Putting More, putting more effort into it than you would have had to if you had just done it the first time. Correctly. Get it The first time. I get that. Yeah. Always.


Guys. Hi This week. My favorite murder is the murder of a young woman named Chandra Levy. Hey, this is a fun one. This Was crazy. I Also flips and turns Crazy. And this is a, I find this is a fascinating, I just talk total shit about no one cares about when you're running for office. And this is all about like politics stuff. Totally. But it's the part that I actually believe I want you can cut straight to if you think a congressman has murdered somebody. 'cause I'll believe you. Oh, always. Yeah. So I don't wanna know. Again, I think everyone will. Yeah. Right. Because talk about power hungry sociopaths. Well That's the thing is like, that's the thing of they want it to be someone crazy and huge.


They don't want it to be some fucking dipshit. Yeah. Who doesn't just, whose life isn't worth half of this girl's life. Right. They want it to be some powerful, maybe there's like the government behind it dark. Right. Something dark. She found out a government secret. Totally. And they had to kick. Yeah. It could just go super crazy. Yeah. And I remembered. 'cause I had a lot, you know, a lot of big ideas and judgements and what I actually thought, and even in remembering it before I did the looked anything up was like, oh yeah, I think he really did it. And they just couldn't pin it on him. And then I remembered there's a movie called Absolute Power. It's a Clint Eastwood movie from 1997 with Gene Hackman Ooh. Do you remember this? Where he is a cat burglar.


He's like a jewelry thief. And he goes to rob this apartment and he get, he finds a safe room and that has like a one-way mirror and he is in there stealing diamonds and then the people come back. So he has to shut the door and hide. And he witnesses the president murdering his mistress. Ah, That's Cool. Then he, then he, while he is trying to figure out a way to expose it, the, the, the president's whole team, including Judy Davis and, and the guy that that always plays, that played the president on 24. Dennis, doesn't matter. You Doesn't wanna remembers this shit. Sorry. You don't remember it.


You're, you're Fucked. SOL basically they, they go about covering it all up and it's, it just makes it so believable when they, they start pulling people that could be accused of it. You know, the way that they will do it to clean up a massive Yeah. Thing like that. So here's My problem with that though. If you have a safe room in your house, you probably also have an alarm system. Yes. Set up. So how do you even get it in the first place? Oh, I think there's a scene where he's like undoing the alarm system. Okay, got it. Beep boop boop. Yeah. And then it's CLINs would whispering to himself and a gravely voice Tip toeing. So that's what was in my mind. And that was this, that was three years before this even happened.


Okay. So in October of 2000, Chandra Levy, who was originally from Modesto, California, who went to San Francisco State, she was a Bay Area girl who she, Which means you're gonna get fucking murdered. That's right. That's how we do it. She had a degree in journalism from San Francisco State and she went to USC to get her master's in Public administration. So she be, so in October of 2000, she went to DC to become a paid intern for the Federal Bureau of Prisons. A thing I didn't know existed until just today I immediately assumed it was the FBI and kept moving until later on they brought it up again.


And I was like, oh shit, this, that changes it. Yeah. Corporation Money, bureau Of Prisons. How much money do you people make? Jesus. So her internship was abruptly terminated in April of 2001 because her academic ed eligibility was expired in December, 2000. So since she'd already completed her master's degree requirements. So she was planning on going back to California in May, 2001 for her graduation at USC. So on May 6th, 2001, Chandra Levy's parents called the DC Police and say, we can't get ahold of our daughter. She hasn't called us and we can't contact her for five days.


And that's completely like not normal and we need your help. So they flew out to DC Yeah. And you know, they start talking to the police and in interviews with the police, her father tells them that she's been having an affair with a congressman. How Does he know that? I Guess she told her parents. Oh. So, which I think is kind of good. It made me happy that, that they knew about her life. At least she told her best friend. And the best friend was like when she was missing or something. Yeah. Maybe said, this is what I think you guys need to Know. You guys never keep secrets 'cause then they can't find out who murdered you.


Yeah, That's right. But but then again, don't keep a diary. There's a lot of conflicting messages on this podcast. Yeah. You have to stay with us. Keep a Word document truth if you need To. The truth will be revealed eventually. Eventually we got, you know, we have a plan. Yeah. There's a long-term. Five-year plan for this podcast. So, so Chandra Levy's mother, I mean father tells the cops you need to look at Congressman Gary Condon 'cause they've been having an affair. So on May 10th, the police get a warrant to search her apartment and they find her purse with her ID or credit cards. All her good stuff. Two suitcase that are ha suitcases that are half packed, her answering machine's full.


There were two messages from Carrie Gary Condi on the answering machine. And when a police sergeant tried to examine her laptop, he inadvertently corrupted the internet search data as he was not a trained technician. You fucking idiot. I bet he got in trouble like she should have on the family. Yeah, That's, I hope he got in trouble because it took them a month to fix it. It was the year 2000. So they finally are able to access what her last searches were on that computer. And it was on, on May 1st. And it was for Amtrak, Southwest Airlines, Baskin Robbins, Gary Condo, a weather report.


And then the very last one was at 1224 for the Pierce Ingle Mansion, which is the park office building for Rock Creek Park. So, and basically another month goes by, so this is two and a half months now from when she's reported missing, they finally searched this park. Wow. And it's Which is By her house. Yeah, I think it was, they said within four miles 30 cops search the park and they don't find anything. And then they search it again like a couple weeks later and they don't find anything again. They go to talk to Gary Conant. He denies any knowledge of knowing what happened to her.


And the Levy family is now talking to the press themselves, which this is how it always goes. I remember when this shit broke and it was like fucking heavy. It was crazy. And the Levy family tells the press, they think that Gary Condi has something to do with her disappearance. Oh my God. So now it's on like Donkey Kong because he, we've got a con a seat of congressman. Is that what you say? They're seated Sure. Like an in place working congressman who's having an affair. He's married. This girl is in her early twenties. And and an unpaid intern, or no paid intern. Sorry. Wow. A paid intern that he's having an affair with.


Not the only woman he's having an affair with. Wow. As, as is later revealed Powerful hungry men. So this is the kind of story that at the time, this was pre nine 11, obviously this is pre 24 hour news cycle. So this was back when, you know, CNN was its own cable channel, but they would be like horse rescued out of a ravine. You know, this plane crash, only two pe it was a biplane, only two pe It was like that kind of stuff. Yeah. And then when big stuff like this hit, it would go all day at night. Yeah. Yeah. So it was different than it is now that people are used to it would simpler just be like, simpler time. Be here we are the are all the alarm bells are ringing.


So the DC police chief announced on May 22nd, 2002. So this is, oh, sorry. I was just gonna say in July, 2001, Fox News opinion poll of 900 people, 44% said they believed that Gary Condon had something to do with Chandra Levy's disappearance Based on no evidence. Right. Based on nothing. And 51% PE of people said that they thought he acted guilty. And I think this also had something to do with the fact that, you know, the story broke probably at the end of May, beginning of June. This is a whole month and nothing's happened. Yeah. So now you're just letting people stew and simmer and Speculate and watch the same fucking news over and over and over.


Yeah. Like same coverage, the same these beautiful photos of her. Yeah. And this, you know, this fucked up senator. Yeah. And like, and just the people want answers. They want something. Totally. So on May 22nd, 2002, the police chief announces that skeletal remains matching. Levy's dental records have been discovered by a man walking his dog and looking for turtles in Rock Creek Park To two years later. Yes. Okay. Two years later to the month. Okay. I wanna see a picture of the man who was looking for turtles. I mean, immediately guilty. Is he Guilty or is he a big man child that had his whole life ruined because he stumbled upon a dead body?


Great question. And it was down a hill, down a hillside in like a ravine. So detectives found bones and personal items scattered, but not buried in a forested area along a steep incline, including sports bra, sweatshirt, leggings, tennis shoes. Man, bitch was going for not bitch was going for a fucking jog In the afternoon. Yep. Daylight. Yeah. So on June 6th, after the police completed their search, private investigators hired by the levys found her shin bone with some twisted wire about 25 yards from the other remains.


Wow. So there's fucking major evidence that is right nearby that these cops do not find. Wow. And after two sweeps of the park, yes. I wa I wanna see the spot like off of the trail where she was found. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. Is that a busy trail? Is it not? I I mean, and then logic of when people get rid of bodies is they throw them downhill, they're not gonna carry them uphill. Right. So you need to look down every hill. Yes. The bottom hill. Well, there's all kind. I mean, and also you nowadays they do it and you see it all the time where if there is a body they have then like taped off, you know, 500 yards around the outside. Yeah.


You don't, you Yeah. The idea that it's 25 yards away and that's just like, oh, oh, well, well That just shows that a person isn't, you know, 'cause someone who is experienced in, in finding human remains would know that animals would have scattered the bones. Yes. And you need to look after, after Two Years. And tho those, those bones do matter. It's not like, it's like, well it's a shin bone, it doesn't matter because it had wire around it. You can find out where the wire came from. Oh No, it totally, it totally mattered because the police chief was quoted as saying it's unacceptable that these items were not located. Wow. Which is like, well that's all well and good, but now we're after the fact where if those PIs weren't hired, which is another thing that points to that thing of like, you gotta be rich to get any justice in this country.


Because if there weren't hired private investigators, that would've never been found. Yeah. So the deep DC police claimed that they would've discovered levy's body earlier, if not for a miscommunication regarding the scope of the search commanders had ordered the search within a hundred yards of each road and trail. But searcher searches were focused within a hundred yards of roads only resulting in the body remaining undiscovered for a long period of time. Makes no fucking sense. No, you're searching a park, you clearly check trails. That's what people walk on in parks. Totally. It's doesn't even make sense. And also the fact, I mean, this clearly is just totally mishandled because at this point, like you're, you, you, you let somebody touch a computer that clearly will have vital information on it that puts you behind a month.


And then you do a search where you basically kick some leaves around the park and go home and you're like, no, sorry, I didn't Fight it. In the meantime, this dude's entire career is over and like ruined. Yep. Did he sue? Okay. Tell me more About how Well, the other thing too is that there are theories that the body got dumped after the police searched. So that interest. So she may not have been there the first time around, but it seems doubtful if they didn't even search off of trails. Right. Right. You know, it didn't seem thorough or like they even kind of knew what to do anyway. So in the autopsy, the coroner found damage to her hyoid bone, which is the u-shaped bone in the back of your neck that supports your tongue.


I'd never even heard of that before, which suggests strangulation. Oh, Okay. I didn't know. Yeah, I know there's a, that little bone. Yeah. If that's damaged, it's like you've been squeezed, but there's no conclusive evidence because the body was outside for two years. So of course then in September, 2001, DC police and federal prosecutors contacted by the lawyer of an informant in a jail saying that they know who Levy's killer is. And he says a man named a 20-year-old illegal immigrant from El Salvador named Ingmar Guandique, I'll just say that's how you pronounce his last name.


Who he shared a cell, a cell with, told him Condi paid him $25,000 to kill levy. Whoa. So the investigators ruled his story out because Guandique was in jail. 'cause he'd admitted to assaulting two women in Rock Creek Park. What? So, which They ruled him out. Okay. They, no, they ruled out Gary Condi paying this guy. Okay. Because they'd already had guandique in jail because he'd already attacked two women with knives and raped them in that park. That sounds like a pattern. It seems patterny to me.


It does. So, so it turned out that Guandique had showed, had failed to show up for work on the day of Levy's disappearance. And his former landlady recalled, his face appeared scratched and bruised Whoa. At the time. So he guandique took a polygraph, failed, but he didn't speak English. And the polygraph administer person administrating, administering the polygraph didn't speak Spanish. Okay. So yeah, question mark. And this was the only story in the news. And then nine 11 happened, and Gary Conde was like, thank you Jesus. Everything's going my way. Finally. Wouldn't, wouldn't it have been great if they had, if I mean, if a nine 11 hadn't happened Yeah.


That, you know what? Now that you bring it up, it would've been great. Yeah. But then also if Gary Conn had had a chance for the big story to be that he didn't do it, he would be a fucking, well he would still have been fucking 20-year-old girls. True. But you know, who doesn't, you don't go to jail for that. No. But you're still a sleazeball. I mean, he's a fucking politician. Yeah. So basically this, the, it it became a cold case for years. Of course, Gary Connet lost his reelection and loft left office at the end of his term on January 3rd, 2003. So in 2005, our buddy investigative journalist, Dominic Dunn, was on Larry King. And, and he said he believed Gary Connet knew more information about the case than he'd been disclosing.


Dun dun Dunn. Dun dun. Sorry, I had to hear that. Dominic Dunn. I Love it. So Gary Conner filed two lawsuits against Dominic Dunn. Dominic Dunn forcing him into an is in undisclosed financial settlement for one. And the other one, which was a slander case, was eventually dismissed because, quote, the context in which Dunn's statements were made demonstrates that they were part of a discussion about speculation in the media and inaccurate media coverage. So they were actually talking about the case itself and how, you know, how that happens, right. Where like, how things become witch hunts. That makes sense. The media were criticized for their rush to judgment in on this case and sometimes blatantly suggesting that Condi was guilty of murder.


There were reporters that were camped out in front of his Washington apartment who were quoted as saying that they would stay there until he resigned. Yeah. So it was a legit whi witch hunt against him. That politician thing. Like the fact that people, like I hope for both of us and never in our lives do we have the experience of having reporters camped outside of our fucking house. Oh dude. Negative or positive. Well, and also 'cause they can just take any little seed of anything Yeah. Or one person walking by and going, oh, I knew her. Yeah. I mean, anything could spin in any direction. They could Go through your trash and find like a thing that points to this thing as evidence. Sure. Yeah. It's crazy. And, there was, in the summer of 2008, the Washington Post ran a 13 part series.


I didn't read it. It's a lot of can't can't of. It's too, it's an unlucky amount of parts. Yeah. Which was quote, a tale of tabloid and mainstream press pack journalism that helped derail this investigation. Wow. So it was basically all about that. How it just was totally tried in the media and meanwhile the cops were kind of like, didn't know necessarily what to do or what was going on and didn't have a lot to go on. Well, They probably followed along the media as well. And so it, it misled them For sure. They got A swayed. Newsweek magazine stated that the media may have become more skeptical of herd mentality and open to alternative suspects after Lou Levy case happened.


That basically that changed the way people reported and reacted like the journalism reacted to cases In like, wait, in a positive way or a Bad way. Well, I think in a positive way of just being aware that that's what they would do. That they, for the story, You're affecting the actual outcome and yeah. The Person's gonna get caught that they basically were like, oh, they were having an affair and in implying that he killed her. Right. So anyway, it was a cold case until 2006. And then there was a new DC police, police chief, a woman named Kathy Lanier, I'm assuming is how you pronounce it. And she replaced the lead detective on the case with three veteran investigators who had homicide experience.


Yeah. So who did you assign? Who did that original guy assign in the first place? What Yeah. Are you doing? Yep. Also, it made me reading that made me go, did Gary Condon have some kind of power over that first group of guys to be like, how about you don't, how about you're not very accurate in your investigation of this? I mean, it's just a possibility. Well, This is, I wanna hear who you think did it because that if he didn't then that's then why would he do that? Go? So here we go. I'm trying to hear, I'll try to plow through this. No, No, you're good. So in 2007, the editors of the Washington Post assigned a new team of reporters to reexamine the case.


Mm. And there was a series of articles Ppu published in the summer of 2008 that focused on the failure of the police to fully investigate Guanines connection to the attacks in Rock Creek Park. Yeah. So they had basically just seen that that guy had done that. When that, when it turned out that that guy's story was this guy did it and Gary Conne paid him to do it. And that turned out to be a lie. They were like, alright, I guess we have no one He do it. Yeah. Instead of, oh, the guy that's attacking women and raping women in Rock Creek Park. They don't look at him. That's Insane. So in two, in September, 2008, which I love this 'cause the investigators, it's like, so journalists are the one pushing this forward. Yeah. They're fucking up. They're also making good.


Yeah. At the same time, just different people. Investigators searched Gus Federal Prison Cell in California and they found a photo of Chandra Levy What? That he had saved from a magazine. I, so they finally arrested him in March of 2009. And he was indicted by a grand jury for kidnapping, first degree murder committed during a kidnapping, attempted first degree sexual abuse, first degree murder, committed during sexual offense, attempted robbery, first degree murder committed during a robbery. And he pled not guilty to everything in the trial. Chandra Levy's father testified that he intentionally pointed the investigators to Gary Condit.


He said that he told authorities during the early years of the investigation, his daughter would've been too cautious to jog in the woods alone. But he said that no, that he no longer believed that to be true. So the father like sick him, he like fucking Pointed the finger. Wow. And kind of by his own admission. But see, here's the thing. So it's his own admission that he kind of saying he misled the cops, but at the same, so here's the whole paragraph on it. He said, he also said, told police that his daughter and Conde had a five year plan between them to get married. In retrospect, Robert Levy admitted, I just said whatever came to mind just to point to him as the villain Mm. Levy added that he had been convinced the conduct was guilty until we learned about this character here.


Yeah. Referring, referring to Guine. I mean, that makes sense because like if you aren like if you know that you aren best friend's boyfriend was a fucking abusive whatever, and she now turns up dead, you can say something like, well, once she told me she was afraid that he was gonna get Yeah. That he was gonna kill her. Right. You slip that little thing in there and it makes the case for him. Yep. But this, that wasn't true. Yeah. That wasn't the case. Right. But it wasn't him. That's why you don't do that, obviously. I mean Yeah. but it, but it makes sense why you would. Yeah, totally. So Gary Conant, when he testified in this trial, would not answer the question, were you having an affair with Chandra Levy?


Wouldn't answer the question. Said it would, it would, it would violate chandra's privacy and his privacy. Well then the defense of course comes back with a pair of underwear with Gary Conn's, DNA on it and says, well, how did they Get those? Pretty much have proof 'cause they collected 'em from her apartment. Oh. When the cops, you know, it's evidence gross. And basically say, eh, yeah, you did. So how did, you don't have to say it because we'll see, at that Point you just be fucking honest. He absolutely should. But he's, you know, I don't, I think he, whatever. So then the prosecution calls the two women guanine raped while they were jogging in Rock Creek Creek Park. And one testified that he grabbed her from behind, dragged her down a ravine.


Oh my God. Held the knife against her face and raped her. Which is, you know, Chandra's remains were found down Ravine. Totally. So anyway, this guy's gets found guilty, and this made me think of you because they said that GME said to Levy's family during the sentencing, I'm sorry for what happened to your daughter, but insisted he was innocent. And Susan Levy, the mother, said to him, do, did you really take her life? Look me in my eyes and tell me, which is your thing of like, just admit it. Yeah. Just a minute. He was found guilty, sentenced to 60 years in prison. Wow. So at that point, Conant's lawyer, Burt Fields remarked it's a complete vindication, but that comes a little late.


Who gives him his career back. And Conant retired from politics, moved with his wife to Phoenix, the wife stayed with him apparently. Wow. And you're a fucking wife of a senator. You've gotta be a little bit dingdong in your head, you know? Yeah. You gotta you're you're playing the big game. Yeah. You're not gonna just run at the first dead paid intern comes along, sorry, This is bigger picture stuff. So they moved to Phoenix. This is the most depressing paragraph I've ever read off of Wikipedia. Yeah. They moved to Phoenix to manage real estate and opened two Baskin Robbins franchises, which have since closed. Oh, Okay. But then remember that Baskin Robbins was one of the things that she searched on her computer.


What? Well, guess what? Now they've asked for a retrial for this guy because they're saying everything, all the evidence against this guy, it does not match up to her murder. Which I know I normally And I am sure. This is just me being tabloid myself. But he was attacking people and robbing them. And one woman he raped, but he wasn't yet a murderer. So it's not like she was the sixth body that they found, you know? Yeah. But you know, one person fights a little harder. True. You get, you're already, was he already caught for the two rapes when he attacked her?


Yeah. Like just a standard escalation. So Yeah. So don't the the way to not get tried for rape when someone can ID you is to murder them. To murder them. That's right. You Know. Well, on June 3rd, 2015, the defense said a new witness, a neighbor called 9 1 1 at 4:37 AM on the last day Levy was reported to be alive to report that she heard a blood curdling scream possibly coming from Levy's apartment. Oh. And why Didn't that come into the fucking play? Right. And because that's, it's a 9 1 1 call. You can just go look it up. Yeah. But they never, the cops didn't find that person. They didn't look that hard. So, Or the person reported it and it got blown off.


So they were like, must not, they must have more information than me. Yeah. Well, and the thing is that kind of maybe leads to the direction of that she wasn't attacked while she was jogging and murdered in that ravine. She was murdered in her apartment and her body was dumped in that ravine after the cops look. Sure. Which would kind of make a little bit more sense. I mean, who, who knows, who knows? I, this is another case of the most obvious answer is usually the correct answer. Well, there's a rapist in that park. Yes. It's most likely him. Yeah. But they are, the defense attorneys have requested Gary Conde's bank telephone and credit card records as well as any records from Mr.


Conde's gym from around the time of the disappearance. And they're looking for where The gym, I don't know, but they must know something specific. Yeah. Which is why I was like, huh. So they're basically going way harder into searching content as a suspect, which would I bet you they didn't do. They were, they were trying not to before. Right, right. They as being good DC cops, they, they're just like, it's the actual Yeah. Congressman. Yeah. Is it, is he congressman or Senator? Congressman? Did I say senator throughout this? I did. I, who knows? I mean, accuracy, we're not known for it.


Looking for turtles, ladies and gentlemen. So anyway, this guy's going to get a new trial in on in October of this Year. Man, that poor family, the EVs, it's pretty terrible. Oh, and also they, they have, they're asking for notes from law enforcement, interviews from former Congressman Richard Army of Texas and John Doolittle of California, because they are individuals. Condi said he was meeting with on one of the important days Oh. In question. So they're basically going back over and picking his shit apart to make sure, I think, to make Sure, well, you know what, the best fucking, who the best witnesses are are fucking ex-girlfriends.


That's Right. So he's probably got a few of those. Oh, there was def there was one in that article that was like a, basically a air hostess, a stewardess or whatever, that he told not to talk to the cops. Mm. Yeah. Well, I mean, I guess he would do that. He had a lot of stuff to be exposed, I think. But that's A, that's a good one. That's a cold case. I would really, really like to know the, the real story of That's a deeper one than it seems at first. 'cause they're opening it back up. That's like something actually may come of it. That's Crazy. Yeah. That they're opening it back up. Yeah. I mean that makes me sad because what if it really was him? And he gets, he gets off. Yeah. And then Con doesn't get tried.


'cause they don't have enough evidence. And so nobody, so this guy spent, you know, six years in prison. Yeah. And that's it. I know. It's crazy. I know. Okay, we are back. Karen, any case updates on the story? No, there's no major case updates. The case is still unsolved. There was like a, basically a cliffhanger in the way I just told that story. Yeah. Ingmar Guandique, the man accused of killing Chandra Levy was getting a new trial. I didn't mention why. And that's because the prosecutors failed to disclose that their key witness was a jailhouse informant who'd cooperated with prosecutors in several other cases to get favorable treatment and reduce sentences.


And that of course, then calls the reliability of his testimony into question. Hmm. So since that episode, episode 16 came out, prosecutors decided not to reach try Guandique. They lost confidence in their case, and they basically just deported him back to his native El Salvador. Wow. That's just so devastating and not, I think what I, how I remembered that when like, that's so disappointing. Yeah. I wonder like jailhouse informants, like where are we ever going to land with that? Because they, on one hand it could be true and completely helpful and, and then they wouldn't come forward unless they got favorable treatment. But on the other hand, it could all be bullshit.


It's just like such a hit or Ms. Case. I guess you need more than circumstantial evidence and a jailhouse informant. Yes. Essentially. I think that's, That's Which is what they had point, You know, some sort of like a full corruption wash I think would be necessary on every side. I think corruption is a huge problem in that area, obviously. I mean, I'm just literally, like, I'm telling you about the episodes of Law and Order I have watched, so I really know what I'm talking about here. But I mean, I think that's the piece is like, who do we trust? Who is actually on the side of the good? And then when you have a story like that where somebody's corroborating something, he told me that he actually did it. It's like anyone can and will say that if they're desperate enough.


Right. Or you need that held back information that the public doesn't know about. But also it's like, you know, if they had taken her disappearance seriously from the beginning, her body might have been found sooner. And DNA evidence might have been in play, but because they zeroed in on Gary Condi, they kind of didn't really take it seriously that something else might have happened to her. Yeah. I think we've seen that happen a lot. Yeah. Where the case starts to follow the story in the media and it's like the media's then shining a spotlight of everyone should be looking over here. And it's like, that's whether or not detectives are actually doing that, we don't really know. But that's where it seems like, it's like the attention and the heat goes there. Yeah. Speaking of that, I, in this episode went back and forth calling Gary Condi a congressman and a senator.


Okay. To me, they're incredibly interchangeable. As a Gen X child of the nineties, he was a congressman. And again, he did have an affair. All those things. He was not found guilty of this crime. But in my mind Yeah. Of like growing up in the eighties and looking at People Magazine, you know what I mean? I would've thought he was totally guilty of it. It also happened like really close on the heels of Bill Clinton getting caught doing nefarious things with an intern. And so I think people just like had this image in their mind of these senators and politicians and congress, congressmen doing terrible things. Yeah. Any of them. Right? All of them Presidents. Well, yeah. They're all crooked.


Every single one of them. They are, they're Crooked. All right. Well, I hate to do this now, but we have to get into my story, which is one of the most awful stories I've ever had to research Georgia covering the case of Sylvia Lichens.


If you're a small business owner, you know that every sale counts. And with Shopify's point of sale system, you can seamlessly manage your in-store and online sales. Turn your sales into Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. Imagine being able to guarantee that shopping is always convenient with features like endless aisle shipped to customer buy online and pick up in store. Shopify POS makes it simple for customers to shop how and where they want. Plus, your staff will have the tools they need to close the sale every time. And let's face it, acquiring new customers is expensive. With Shopify POS, you can keep existing shoppers coming back with consistent tailored experiences and first party data that will give your marketing team a competitive edge. Want more? Check out Shopify dot com slash murder, all lowercase, and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. That's Shopify dot com slash murder. Happy shopping.


Goodbye


Fever, cough congestion. When the symptoms keep coming, but you've got to keep going. You can rely on Mucinex Fast max all in one. Just one dose of Mucinex fast max all in one relieves up to nine Cold and flu symptoms helping you get on with your day. Need cold and flu relief? Get Mucinex fast, max all in one and done relief. It's comeback season use as directed.


All right. My favorite murder Yes. Of Seamless favorite murder. Sylvia Marie Lichens. Hmm. This one I hadn't heard about until we started the podcast. And I fucking went down a rabbit hole of click, click, click bait. Yeah. On Facebook group. Nice. And it's fucking tragic. Okay. Get ready 'cause it's depressing. Okay. So Syl Sylvia Marie Lichens was born January 3rd, 1949. Vintage murders. Love them. Love it. She and she's from Indianapolis. And essentially she was tortured to death by Gertrude Zuki, BKI Danowski Zuki and, and her children and other people from the neighborhood.


Oh, I know This one. Fuck. Horrible. So this is, this took place. She died. The girl Sylvia died in October 26th, 1965. So she was 16 years old. So Lichen's family moved frequently because her parents were carnival workers. Oh yeah. The parents had financial difficulties. So in 1960 And no teeth probably. Yeah. So in 1965, the father, Lester Lichens arranged for his daughters, his two daughters to board with, to board with Gertrude to live with her. Gertrude was 37 and she was the mother of the, a new friend of the two girls named Paula, who was 17. And she moved in with, with Gertrude and Paula and Paula's six siblings.


Lester said he didn't pry quote, didn't wanna pry into the conditions of the house. He reported at the trial. Good trial. Well done. Lester. I don't wanna pry. That's how carnies are. They're not gonna put stick their nose in your business. You're sending your kids. And he encouraged Gertrude to quote, straighten out his daughters great. Even from all accounts, these seemed like nice girls, even if they weren't and they were paying Gertrude $20 a week to care for her, which I think the equivalent of like one 50 now. She's like cheap. Yeah. So Gertrude described, Gertrude was described as haggard, underweight, asthmatic, suffering from depression and the stress of several failed marriages.


You gotta see this woman, this photo of her man. She is a fucking salty bitch. Like there's definitely a shank in her purse, kind of a person. And she's a single lady single at this point with like, I think there was six, six or 7, 6, 7 kids. Wow. Aging from like 17 down to like 18 months. Jesus. Yeah. So she could still Get it. Seven children. Okay. I mean, she's 37, that's two years older than I am. And she was a fucking salty old woman. Like the photos, man, these eyebrows are something else. Pre waxing days. Oh, just Sha she just shaved 'em off and drew 'em on. Oh, those Are the scary ones. Yeah. This chick is, I would not wanna meet her in an anywhere, Even a light alley.


Yeah. So dah, dah, dah, she began, so when they moved in, Gertrude started taking her anger out, which apparently there was a lot of it on the lichens girls. And they soon focused exclusively on Sylvia. So accusing her of petty crimes. The daughter Paula, who was pregnant at the time, kicked lichens in the genitals and accused her of being pregnant and a slut, which she wasn't. Wow. And the some of, okay, I have to fucking warn everyone that some of this, I'm not gonna say all of it. That this torture is like intense and awful. And there's a photo of this girl and she just looks sweet and normal and it's awful.


So the lichens was accused by the family that she was spreading rumors about Paula. And so this provoked Stephanie's boyfriend, coy Hubbard, which like, man, if that's not a fucking petty thief's name, I don't know what is to physically attack lichen. So this girl is getting tortured by the mother, her daughter, all the kids, the local teens. Ugh. Like boyfriends. It's like a hobby for them at this point. She encour, the Gertrude encouraged the kids and the neighborhood kids to torment lichens some of her stuff I don't wanna talk about. but that said that by the time of her death, she had over a hundred cigarette cigarette burns on her body.


Oh my God. It it's really fucking brutal. And, and, and creepy sexual stuff. Sadus. I mean, it's fucking sadist stuff. Sexual stuff for humiliation, not for legitimate sexual reasons. Right. You know, to break this poor girl's spirit And just because they can Right. Like, just basically they're all a little bit fucked up and clearly Yeah. You Know? Yeah. And it escalates and it's becomes, I feel like it becomes fun for them. Yeah. It's not like Stanford prison experiment. Yeah. Where you have one person that's your prisoner and suddenly it brings out all the, like, saviorism. You Don't see them as a human anymore.


Yeah. It feels like the kid Paula once hit her so hard in the face, she broke her own wrist. Fuck. This is like, it breaks my heart and it makes me wanna become a foster parent so much more because man, these, some of these some people's fucking living situations are just Insane. Insane. So the sister, little sister attempted to contact the family, even the sister who, older sister, and she visited the home and learned of the abuse, but learned of the abuse, but did not call the police or remove her sister from the phone. There was a couple people who were like, yeah, I saw some weird shit, but I never called, you know, I never called the cops.


I never called anyone. I didn't wanna pry. Also, That was back when you could like open hand slap other people's kids. Right. Like, it wasn't that big of a deal to get punched if you were being bad. Yeah, totally. And if an adult said a kid was bad, that was the end of the story. Yeah, that's very true. Yeah. So the parents didn't, didn't interfere. Let's see, she the girl, so she stopped going to school and she was locked in the cellar. Fuck. So shortly before her death, okay, this is, oh God. So shortly before her death, Gertrude carved the words, I am prostitute and proud of it on lichen's abdomen with a heated knee.


Whoa. And a couple other things happened. It's fucking so tragic. I'm sorry if I'm bumming everyone out. It's so bad right now. Oh, that's, That's what we're here for. So on October 25th, 1965, the day before she died, lichens tried to escape after overhearing gertrude's plan to blindfold her and dump her body in the forest. But she got caught. So on the 26th after multiple beatings, burnings and scalding baths, like inside of a brain hemorrhage shock and mal malnutrition, Holy shit. At 16 years old. And then when she realized she was dead, Gertrude, like they, they did this crazy thing where they called the police and Gertrude had forced, had forced Sylvia to write a letter saying, you know, she had had sex with a bunch of boys and extended for money and that they had dragged her away.


And basically they had beaten her and it was there. They had like, she made her write a letter saying that this is what happened to her. So before the police officers left the house, like, okay, that's what happened. Yeah. You know, Jenny, the little sister approached them and said, get me outta here and I'll tell you everything. Oh, she did. Thank God she finally got some balls. Yeah. The whole time I, it makes you wonder like, why didn't someone tell someone a teacher or Yeah. But if it's, if, if you have to think if she's the salty old broad that's like there with all those kids, they were probably like the bad family of the town. Yeah. I bet you there wasn't a lot of interaction or people coming in and out of that house. And it's this thing of like, you, you listened to authority back then.


Yeah, yeah. Someone who was an older an an older person who was in charge was the authority and you didn't question that And you didn't none these things didn't happen. No. Like this would just, if you someone told you this was happening, you'd be like, that's disgusting. Yeah. Don't ever Say that again. It's, it's not happening. And you probably deserve to get slapped in the face 'cause you were being bad. Yep. Or whatever. Gosh. Okay. So during the trial, Gertrude denied being responsible for the death. She pled not guilty by reason of insanity. And for the minors who took part in the abuse were also put on trial. So Paula, the, the older daughter John, the younger son, Richard Hobbs, who was like family friend and good old Coy Hubbard Oh.


Who Was 15 Wow. And doing some insane stuff to her that I don't wanna talk about. In his closing statement, Gertrude's lawyer said, I condemn her for being a murderous, but I say she's not responsible because she is not all here tapping himself on the tapping on the head. She's not all here. She's not responsible. That was supposed to be a better voice, but it wasn't really, I liked it. It was old fashioned. I was trying. Yeah. So on May, in May, 1966, Gertrude was convicted of first degree murder. She was spread the death penalty and was sentenced to life in prison. But of course she didn't get life in prison. No. She was free on parole by 1985, having been a model prisoner.


And she said, the Lord has forgiven me. And, I have peace inside. That's nice. You fucking kind. Yeah. That's the priority is how you feel. Yeah. The Lord fucking monster Totally forgave you. Yeah. And you have peace. That's great. Jesus Loved what you did to that girl. You get to move on with your fucking life. Yeah. But you know, who doesn't? The girl you killed. Yeah. Five years later, Luckily she's haunting your basement. Yeah. Five years later she died of what I can only hope was painful lung cancer. Everyone else totally got out of prison and they became teachers and no. Yep. And what Yeah. The boys were sentenced to to two to 21 years and were released in three. You guys should, everyone should go. If you feel like murdering, you should, because you're just fucking not gonna get punished for it at all.


I, it bothers me so much. I hope that someday in this podcast we can either A, solve a murder or BB change, change sentencing laws. Can we do that, Karen? Yes. I think this podcast is, has just enough influence and span to really get out there. Well, I mean, that is so crazy to think that one of those people that tortured a young girl became a teacher. Yeah. To be in charge of young girls and boys. It's, that doesn't even make sense. It doesn't, it boggles the mind. And it, the thing about all of this shit is that you can't keep convincing yourself that the world is a fair and just place.


And Who's trying to convince themselves That people who aren't into true crime, Oh, well that's their problem. They don't, and they're not listening anyway. Yeah. They don't wanna know. Whereas like people like us are so aware and so incensed by how fucked up this world is, how un What city did that happen in Indianapolis? Which is like, do people still live there In the Midwest? Yeah. I also, I wonder if it's that thing of like the Midwestern thing of people keeping to themselves. Sure. Being private and not being nosy is a big thing. I mean, the Dad didn't wanna pry into the, where his, I wanna know the stories of like, were they on drugs or were they total like gutter drunk alcoholics parents.


You don't give your children away. I'm sure they were alcoholics. Yeah. If they worked at a carnival for God's Sake. I think it said that he had alcohol problems. Yeah. And it, and then the parents like hated each other. And I think they divorced. And so he was like take, you know, the, the sons, there was like three sons and the family and the lichens family. And they got sent to live with grandma. But the girls go fending for yourselves. Rough. Oh yeah. And were they locked up early, like why didn't they run away? I know that's, that's another thing in my mind is like, you would be so much better off living on the streets. There's no, there's no silver lining. No. It goes straight there. No goes straight. It goes straight down into hell. It, it's just one hopes that Jenny lichens a little sister had an okay life.


But could she have probably not. I don't know. Unless she's one of those people that like became like a victim's rights advocate. That's happens a lot to people. That's true. Because that's crazy. Also, it was the, it was the mid sixties. So this was before there was ever a aware, there was awareness about drug child abuse Yeah. Or anything like that. Yeah. That was, but it was right on the edge, like what you're describing. If it was 1925, I'd be like, oh, okay. But it's so much later than that. Well, I mean, yeah, look at spankings. Spankings someday people are gonna be like, that is abuse. Straight up abuse. Yeah. But I mean, I feel like up until recently it was like, yeah, that's how you punish your kids.


Well, and also up until recently they didn't think what kind of a teacher wants to spank children. Yeah. Like That's, that it needs to turn around where it's like, it's not about these kids' behavioral problems. It's about an adult in this position who signed up to be a teacher who signed up to be around children and can't handle themselves around children And reinforcing bad behavior in children and letting them know that the, the answer to the answer to a problem is physical violence. Yeah. Okay. We're back from that nightmare. I guess we just don't need to say it anymore even though it's true.


But the Sylvia Lichens case is the one of the ones that pops into my head randomly of like the kind of suffering that she went through for no reason. Yeah. Like who were these people? Yeah. Such a crazy, just truly out of a nightmare kind of story. Any case updates on that? So yeah, there's no major case updates on This one, but a couple things. In 2016, the Boone County Child Advocacy Center, which is an Indiana based nonprofit, was renamed the Sylvia's Child Advocacy Center in honor of Sylvia's memory. And the organization, quote provides forensic interviews and victim advocacy for children, victims of informed abuse, neglect, maltreatment, and sexual assault.


End quote. So she's getting, you know, recognition there. And also you can check out the movie about this case called an American crime. It's from 2007 and it starts Elliot Page, Catherine Keener, Bradley Woodford, Evan Peters and more So check out an American crime. Oh, I'm sorry. But I love Evan Peters so much. Yeah. Remember him from Marge of fucking Oh, East Town. Mayor of East Town. What was he? Oh, he was the cute call. He He was the detective. Oh, he was so cute. Evan Peters, which I bet in this he's a real youngster. Yeah, definitely. Anyway, all right, well that's it for this episode. Should we pick a new title other than the, the brilliant Blood murder?


I, I Really, huh. I'd Love to pick a new up cycle. This one is kind of that. I feel like when we did it we're like, well it sounds good. It does sound good. But yeah, It's silly. Ugh. I think it was like we not great. We kicked them one after we recorded and we were so tired by then that we were just like, yes, let's get outta here. For sure. So Georgia says in this episode, cooking and hanging out at home, which is her pointing out on the show The family who wants to be the fucking mayor. Yeah. Don't you know about cooking and hanging out at home and being a good parent? You know what I, which is so hilarious. I'm just really not into extra jobs. Like to me it's like why are you taking on more as someone who does take every fucking thing on?


Like be lazy if you have the opportunity, like why wouldn't you be lazy and like comfortable And, and volunteering for political work. Right. Where it's like, what's the payoff there? No, it's Don't, you just don't tear your family apart. You're just always fighting. Yeah. Always working. Right. Always having to beg for money. Exactly. Going to galas all the time and fucking announcing things and cutting ribbons and You mean Jesus? Oh, the grocery stores that you have to open over and over John's v And the other name is could be dun dun dun. But that's because you bring up Dominic Dunn's involvement in John Levy case.


And then my brilliant 2016 Brian went, dun dun dun as in, let me explain it. Anyways. Wait, hold on. 'cause I have a couple questions. Dun dun dun. Right. It is crazy. Dominic Dunn was basically the king of true crime journalism. Definitely. And true crime. You know, his pieces in Vanity Fair. Yeah. And then him going through it himself, it's just incredible. The kind of work that he did, I think. Yeah. And stuff. You know, he used to have a series that I loved Right. That he was the host of. Yeah, I remember that. I think it was about rich people. Yeah. And there. Stupid crimes. Yeah. But he's a real giant Thank you guys for, you know, being around, hanging out, all that stuff.


Yeah. We really appreciate you caging back through the photo album with us. Yeah. It's traumatizing and fun. It's Ho Look, Listen, listen. Just go listen to your voicemail messages. If you don't think it's horrifying. You're outgoing. Voicemail. What's voicemail, Karen? You 24 year olds ask. Don't worry about it. I'm not talking to you. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?