
This is exactly right now streaming. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you, Missy. Experience the thrilling new series. He said he killed another woman inspired by a true life story. If I don't deal with him, he will never leave us alone. You don't see how they we're the same, do you? Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid Star. I am not responsible for what my dad did. Just going how you hoped. Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


At the Hyundai Getaway sales event. Get deals so right, it almost feels wrong. Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years, or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't Think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's a great day for a new Hyundai.


Goodbye. Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show.


Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive, giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello, Hello, And Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. You see, Every Wednesday we release one of our old shows, but there's a twist. We add all new commentary, updates, insights, everything, the lives we've led, the people we are the people we've become. The whole story. We give it to you. Today we're recapping episode 30, which for the first time in 29 episodes isn't named after the number pun. Thank you, Jesus. Yeah. Phew. Thank God. Called one of the greats. It's called The Fuck Word. Murder Mystery Show. Find out. Find out why. By listening to this Stay. Stay tuned and you can find out why we named it that.


And join us today as we take you back to August 18th, 2016. God, the summer of 2016. Aw. And now we can all be day one listeners together. So Let's listen to the intro of episode 30. Are you ready? Are You I'm ready. Let's have, let's be really low energy this time. Let's be as quiet as we can. Yes. And fuck, I Screwed it up already. Yes. You wanna be quiet? Yes. Yes. That's all I've ever wanted. Oh God. Hi. Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Stark.


That's Karen kil. Gareth The Quietest. We're the quietest girls. We're so quiet On podcast. Mm. Thanks for, thanks for being here. It's like spending your spending an hour with us. Think thanks. Thinking about things with us Guys. There's so much going on in our world. Not the least of which is How Georgia doesn't like Stranger things. Whoa. Oh, there's someone at the door. They're here to hang you up from the highest limb of a tree. I didn't, I don't not like it. I have issues with it. Okay, Let's hear 'em. Well, it reminds me, remember the old Stephen King movies that would be made of Stephen King books that would be on, that would made for TV Yoa Yes.


Thinner. Yes. And how ridiculous they were. Yes. And if you guys say, what about True or Pet Cemetery, go back and watch it again. It's the Corniest movie. But It would, that was a feature film. Right. And there was some scary shit in that. Yes, I love that movie. But if you go back, you're like, oh, this is so corny. It doesn't hold up. No. And it reminds me kind of, of that, of Stephen King, like made for TV movies. And maybe it's the kind of supposed to, but I also just, it reminded me of like someone who doesn't read sci-fi made up show about sci-fi. Yes. And like, I, I feel like if it's the kind of movie where if someone who had read the book were watching it, which I know there's not a book, but if you were, you'd be like, why the fuck did they leave this thing out?


This was the most important part. Like, I feel like I would've been screaming that if I had read the book. Well, you know, I've found, I, I think because I like seeing, I'm at that stage where that kind of nostalgia works on me because it's from when I was 10. Yeah. I love The look and feel, but that other stuff took me out of it. Well, And it's really hard to connect. This is, this is kind of like the Stephen King problem and like lost a lot of those things. When you get your big good idea that's gonna freak people out and, and hook people in. And then you try to connect that with kind of believable science. Mm.


Or something grounded. It's, it's very difficult to do. So it's like the upside down right. Is what the Yeah, it was called like, but There was nothing But the fact that you just kind of entered it through this weird, I mean, spoilers. Yeah. And you could go get your ki like, it just, yeah. There was a lot of Wait, what in it for me? Right. Like, and If you can walk into it, then why does she have to go into the thing to get into? Right. And like, well, what is it, what is it made out of? Why did this happen? Why did this person exist? Yeah. Why did they, how did she get out of the Oh Yeah. Yeah. It, it's, this is another episode of Georgia Can't suspend her Disbelief, You know, and it's a valid angle.


I do. However, like the night of, I've gone through I'm I three episodes in. Okay. Well, when you get to the episode that aired last night, Oh my God. First of all, I keep falling asleep in front of the TV Afro watching night of, and then dreaming about Riz Ahmed all night, which makes me crazy. They Were showing photos of him as a kid, like, as part of this show. And, but there were real photos of him as a kid. And I was like, I want that DNA inside of me. Like, I want that baby. I, that sounded gross. That's like, that's the biggest kind of crush you can have when you want their DNA because Who want your DNA inside me? That's like a serial killer Valentine. That's pill. That's that disgusting. That's a serial killer Valentine.


No, that's how I feel about him. I I steal that idea from you and I for him. I don't wanna sleep with him. I have a husband that I love who doesn't want kids. So I'll just have one from him with big eyes and like beautiful. You mean after he and I marry and have many of our own? And then can I, You can, can we get into a thing here? I guess we Could make kind of a fun, Fun. It'd be good for the podcast. Yeah. It's A very long, long show. I love it though. Epi episodic. I Okay. Two things. It's like a play. It is like a play. I would watch a whole show of just John Terro and, and about his eczema. Didn't know there were eczema support groups. That's fascinating.


Those poor, those poor people. Those poor men, they can't date. I didn't know want anyone to, to Look at them. Was was that awful? Yeah. That's amazing. And then last night, yesterday when I watched it, Janet Colgate is now a character from Dirty Rotten Scoundrels. What? You know the, the female lawyer? Oh, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I got so happy when I Named her name Janet Colgate. I said, when she came on screen, I said it in like, in a, the accent that was said in. And I think Vince was like, who did I, what did I marry? Wait, What's that actress's name? I you think I can remember her character from a cheesy movie from the eighties, but I can't remember her real Name. Her name is, You'll get this, you always get this.


I know, but it's hot. Elizabeth. Nope. It's Sta Nancy. Stacey. Nancy. Stacey. Nancy. It's my favorite actress. Stacey. Nancy from such plays as Hot Fire, Nancy Stacey. Nancy Saint Stacey. That's the best stage name of all time. Taking it, Stealing It. My favorite murder with Karen Gil Gar And Nancy Saint Stacey. Oh my God, that's good. I'm so sweaty. It's, Are you looking it up, Steven? What Is it? Steven does? Is the letter P in her first or last name Penelope? Not at all. God damnit. Then just say her name. It's Glen Headley. Glen Headley.


That wasn't, you said that as if it was on the tip of your tongue. It's Not. Yeah. It was in, it was nowhere near my brain. Glen Headley. Glen Headley. She's such a great actress. She is, but oh, her name. Stephen Ray Morris. Thank you for that. Yeah. Anytime. That's, that's like one of those white waspy names I would've never gotten. Because in my world Girls Camp be named Glen. I've definitely never heard that before. Yeah. That's a family name. I'm sure. I'm sure it is. That's on a crest somewhere. But So two thumbs up for the night of Yeah. Watch it. We're not talking about this. We're not talking about Stranger Things anymore. Yeah. I It's Gone off. I did You like the ending that they left it open obviously for a second season.


I'm gonna admit I fell asleep at some point in the later episodes. And I can't remember how it ends. They Ended it in a way that was, there's just like no satisfying ending. Can I tell you? Because Do you think they're gonna be a season two? Well, Nancy and Steve are still together. What? Yeah, but She didn't love him, Does she? She doesn't, does she love fake Ben Schwartz? That's all I could see when I saw him. Did you see That? That's exactly what he looks like. He looks so much, he's like Wasp Ben Schwartz. Yeah. He Looks like if Ben Schwartz got put through a rock and roll machine, Everyone like Avens. I promise I nothing wrong with him, but I just couldn't see that character.


But sorry, she goes back to him. I feel like I just, I should have spoiled alerted that. Yeah, That's a big spoiler alert. Excuse me. I feel like I just burped really loudly and like without warning anyone or saying, excuse me. Before or after. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Can I say, can I read you my favorite tweet that we've gotten on the My favorite Murder Twitter account? Always. This is tweet corner with Karen Tweet Corner. Welcome. We, me, me, me. What did you just tweet? That's The theme song. Okay. Mimi, the unsung cat of the Hard Dark Household, she sings the theme song to tweet corner. Meow, meow, meow, Meow.


Mimi's gotta have her her spot in the, Yeah, this is it. She's come to Shine. Ready Mimi. Meow, meow, Meow Meow. She's totally asleep. Someone on Twitter named Trash Panda. IRLI love it already. Oh, that's not a real person. Read. Read what her name is. Oh, tween Sensation. Tween Sensation is her handle. Okay. Trash Panda. IRL is her. I don't know, I like Cat name. I don't know. Trash Vanda. Oh, And on her, on her Twitter account. Sorry. But I just noticed this. Her header picture is a picture of Barb and it says in memory of Barb. Oh my God. See you on the other side.


That's Incredible. And it's an illustration of Barb from Stranger Things. Hell, that's the best. Yeah. Trash Panda. The best way to bring it all around. So she tweeted at us and said, my dad keeps calling your show the fuck Word Murder mystery show because he can't remember the name. And I cannot stop laughing at that. Say it again. My dad keeps calling your show The fuck Word. Mystery. Murder mystery show because he can't remember the name. Ah, that is, so first of all, I can't, If my dad heard a podcast where girls were saying The F word, he would pull the stereo out of the car and throw it on the highway. No, I swear if my dad ever hears this, he's going to call me with such a stern tone.


And so I love the fact that trash pan to IR L's. Dad is even listening to it at all. I Love him. I love him. He sounds like my dad And I, I think we might need to change the name of this podcast to the Fuck Word Murder mystery Show. I try not to do this, but someone who makes the memes needs to get our logo and change it into Say it one more time 'cause it makes me so happy. The fuck the Fuck Word. Murder mystery show. It's just beautiful. Can I read you something that's probably gonna make you wanna cry? Yes. Liz C on the Facebook page says, I'm 19 years old and fighting cancer at the moment. Oh no. Ready to cry. Yep. My dad and I listened to the podcast on the way to the hospital and back.


Oh fuck. It's a great way to keep my mind off things, except now I'm scared to get murders. LMAO. I can't wait for the new shirts to come out. I'm definitely going to be wearing it to the hospital. Love all you murder Reinos. And then there's 200 comments including mine that says your next shirt is on the fucking house. Oh. And then what's her name? Liz. Liz. Yeah. Liz. Hey Liz. You fight the good Fight girl. You get in there, you do your fucking chemo or however you're taking care of this business and get it taken care of and get it out of you. Yeah. And many years of this stupid bullshit to come Wait. The podcast or cancer? No, no, none of that.


Okay. Only the podcast. And then general fun things in life. Yeah. Murder, cancer, you're gonna be the smartest person, you know, because you've dealt with this thing And you're gonna have a great perspective on life. Totally. I actually know many cancer survivors. And the cool part about it is once you get through that, all that bullshit of like, that girl took my brush and now I'm going to try to ruin and you don't do that shit anymore because you're like, yeah. You're like, oh, I understand what loss is. Yeah. And I understand the gift of life that we have right now And my family who was there for me. And I like that we, that we were able to get through this together. The fact that her dad listens to that on the word That listens to this bullshit, you guys.


Sorry, we curse. Stay strong. We love you. We're thinking of you. Oh, we're back. Thank you Twe Sensation and your dad for that amazing title suggestion. That's amazing. And then of course, you better believe that Some awesome Murder. No created a our logo with this brand new title. It's, we'll put it up on the Instagram and on all the socials. It was Jason Klein. Jason Klein was like, the wife's out of the house, the kids are asleep. You better believe I'm making you a logo. It is the best. It's so good. It looks exactly like it. Apparently. We really loved Stranger Things. I don't remember having that sort of passion.


I don't either. The first season I think was fucking excellent. And that's why Maybe it was the newness of the style. Yeah. And then it truly has been on for seasons and seasons. So yeah. Mystery. It's funny. Eighties mystery with like great clothes music. Winona Ry. Yes. The scenery is just like spot on. There's like a missing child aspect to it, which is always exciting. Somebody like that. Look. A young girl with a shaved head who looks like she's in a daze with a bloody nose. Boom. I'm in. Yeah. What Is this? I'm Hooked. What happened to her? Yeah. Alright, well it's time to get into Oh Yeah.


One of, oh God. I know This is kind of an epic true crime story because it is connected to another true crime story, which is like, those are very rare and horrifying. And this one is one of the worst. So let's listen to Georgia tell the story of theses Yosemite Park killer Carrie Stainer. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, until The day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face


killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery. To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh.


But The best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected. With SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor protection, SimpliSafe monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right? Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Goodbye. Goodbye. There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So how do you find the perfect piece? Easy. You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too.


Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like, there's no worry there. Look at that neera dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously, article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or More to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more.


Goodbye. Goodbye. I think you're first This week. Am I first? Yeah. Alright, settle in Karen. Okay. And get ready to hear about something we've talked about we've, we've touched on before. Okay. But we never delved into Okay. The Yosemite murders. Carrie Stainer. Yes. As we know, and we've talked about Carrie Stainer. Here's the, just like the beginning of the Fucked Upness, Carrie Stainer was the big brother of Steven Stainer, who you'll remember in 1972, was kidnapped and held captive by a child molester named Kenneth Parnell.


The Carrie was the older brother and he was 11 years old When it Happened. Yeah. When it happened. And Steven, the brother, was held captive more than seven years before escaping. That itself is a fucked up story that you guys should Look up. So awful. And this was one of our earliest episodes. We were trying to remember the name of that, the Made for TV movie, which is called, I know My name is Steven. Yes. And we, we talked about it for way too long. And I we're still getting people that are tweeting at us and sending us emails saying it was called, I know my name is Steven. It's like, that happened six months ago. Well, When you, when we talked about that, that was the first time I found out that these two were brothers. Because I knew about Carrie's murders and I knew about Steven's kidnapping, but I didn't know they were connected.


And that just makes it, it, it just, it makes, it boggles the mind, you know, in a way that's like more than just when you think of a serial killer and you're like, how does your brain do that? And we have this added piece of fucking childhood trauma in there. Also, it makes me think this poor family, like Whoever, Oh my God. Totally. Whoever is left standing, it's just like, how much can some people take Those parents? It's terrible, ma'am. Yeah. It's so much. Well, so the year after Steven came back, I'm gonna call him Carrie Carrie's uncle was murdered and Carrie was living with the uncle at the time. But no one considered him a fest suspect.


And Carrie would later claim that his uncle molested him. Oh No. Cut to 1997, Carrie was hired as a handyman at the Cedar Lodge Motel in El Porto, just outside of the Highway Wood 40 arc rock entrance to Yosemite, Nashville National Park. So just outside Yosemite, Cedar, Cedar Lodge. The weekend before February, 1999, he was having these murderous fantasies that had become so intense that he knew he was gonna murder someone. He prepared a murder rape kit containing a rope, a roll of duct tape, and a serrated kitchen knife and later a gun and a camera.


And as far as we know, other besides his uncle, which may or may not have happened, this is his first, these are his first murders. Okay. Murder. So on Valentine's Day, 1999, Carol's son, who was 42, her daughter Julie, who was 15, and Sina Elloso, who was 16, were his first victims. Carol was initially leery of Carrie when he knocked on their cabin door saying he had to fix a fan in the bathroom. She talked him through the window and didn't wanna let him in and only did. So after he said he'd go get the manager to like confirm it. And she was like, no, no, no, no, no. That's okay. You know the way people do. Yes. Which is When they give you the double confirmation of like, oh, don't worry, I'll go do the thing you want me to do.


Right. Well, if you say that, then well, If you say you're gonna do the thing I want you to do, then you must be legit Right then. Okay. Oh Yeah. All right. I'll do it. So, but once inside he pulls out a 22 caliber pistol. He tells them he's desperate, quote and orders 'em to lie face down on the bed. He bounces their hands with duct tape, gags them. And then he took the two girls into the bathroom. He strangles Carol with a three foot piece of rope later saying in his taped confession, I didn't realize how hard it is to strangle a person. It's not easy. But I had very little feeling. It was like performing a task.


Yeah. Keep that in mind. If it's really hard to strangle somebody, it's very hard. So don't maybe don't do it. Yeah. It's harder than one thinks. So after putting her in the trunk of her rented Pontiac, he goes back to the girls, cuts their clothes off, and then he strangles silviana in the bathroom. And then he sexually assaults Julie in the family motel in the motel room, and then wraps her up and ties. He ties her to the bed. He says he felt like he was in control for the first time in his life. And he cleaned up the crime scene so well that it appeared that the women had checked out and left when the, when the people came to check.


Oh no, the in staff, when the staff came later to check to see if they were there, they had detected no foul play. Let's see. He even wiped his hair off the bedsheets. And then when The F BI agent asked on tape why he did that, he replied, I watched the Discovery Channel. Oh no. Hi, that's all of us. Yep. Oh Yeah. Everyone's getting real smart about forensics together. Good and bad. Yeah, for sure. So at 4:00 AM he takes Julie out of the motel and drives her away in the rental car with her, her mother and sis and friend in the back in the trunk.


Dead. So she's Still alive? Yes. Okay. And I don't know, I don't think she knows that those two are dead and in the trunk because he kind of, there was two motel rooms that he was going between, and I don't think she ever saw the bodies. Oh, Okay. She just thought she was separated. Yeah. So she says, he says, I didn't know where I was going or what I was doing. I just kept driving and driving. And he said about Julie, she was a very likable girl. He said, crying on tape. She was very calm. So Dawn is approaching, he turns off at Lake Dawn Pedro and carries Julie up a dirt path to a small clearing overlooking the water. I told her I wished I could keep her. He said, then he sexually assaulted her again. Finally brushed her hair and fanned out on the ground beneath her head.


I told her I loved her. He said, and then he slit her throat. Oh no. I didn't want her to suffer the way the other two did. A too late asshole. I know. Like, I think because he, he choked them manually. Oh Yeah. He was thinking that it was taking longer. So he slit her throat thinking he was Oh, comparatively. Yeah. Like thinking he was being compassionate. So he hides her body and he drives the car with the bodies in the trunk as far as he couldn't do the forest. And he takes a cab back to Yosemite, pays with the fare with the $150 he stole from Carol's purse. Two days later, he returns to the car with a can of gasoline and scratches. We have Sarah on the hood with a pocket knife.


And then he lights the car on fire. Then he drove two hours west and dumped Carol's billfold on a Modesto street to corner to fool the police. So this is near where you're from? Kind of. Kind of. It's these central Valley. Okay. We're, we're more on the coast. Okay. So more than a month later, the remains of car of Carol Sund and Pelosi were found in the burned out rental car. Abandoned along a logging road. And six days later, The F BI received an anonymous letter with a crudely drawn map and a message. We had fun with this one. And following the map, the searchers found Julie, the detectives began interviewing employees of the Cedar Lodge Motel, where the first three victims had been staying just before their deaths.


One of the employees was Carrie, but he was not considered a suspect at that point because no criminal history and remained calm during the police interview. Fucking psychopath. Right. Oh my God. FBI, agents and local police rounded up a bunch of meth heads and sex offenders and told the tourists and residents that they were confident they had the killers in custody. That, okay. So another woman disappears on July 22nd. This is Joey Ruth Armstrong, JOIE, who is 26. She has a pretty red head who worked for the Yosemite Institute teaching children about nature. Oh, sweet angel.


She worked at the, let's see, da DA was lone in the isolated cabin where she lived when Carrie came upon her. Man, we can't have anything. We can't even live alone. Don't Well, but living in a cabin alone in the woods. Yeah. But guys gotta do it. What Guys get to live alone in the cabin, in the woods without getting murdered for the most part. Yeah. Yeah. They're guys, that's what I'm saying. It's not Fair. No, I know. I'm, I'm more in, I'm still in the mode of, if you're going to live in a cabin in the woods, then pull your gun out anytime someone approaches your Home. Yeah. Like, I don't know. Or Or Big dogs. Big anger, scary dogs, Crab, maga, I don't know.


Yeah, no, I get It. Don't be all chill. Yeah. I wouldn't wanna live. I like living in a big city where there's just people everywhere. Yeah. On top of you. All the time. So according to the interview, Carrie confronted Armstrong, a gunpoint on the front porch of her cabin. Oh, he Had a gun. Yeah. I wouldn't help. He Told her it was a robbery and forced her into the cabin and covered her mouth and bound her hands behind her back with duct tape. Then he put her in his sports utility vehicle. SUV. I could Have just said that. That's an SUV. Thank you. Someone Needed a extra word count in their newspaper piece. Right. Did You also draw a picture? Yeah. Page five is just one big picture.


Well, I copied a couple of these sentences and that was one of them. And now I'm like, that guy just needed a higher word count. Oh Yeah, For sure. Yeah. He said I lost control of myself and I lost control of her. Let's see. He said, when this started out, I had no intention of cutting her head off, which he later did. Oh, spoiler alert man. He says he has no intention of cutting her head off. I had no intentions of killing her even the first time I saw her. Yeah. Right. Then I started thinking about it. It was in the house. There was, it was, there was nobody in the house with her. She kept walking out by herself and she watered the plants and it was obvious she was taking off and getting ready to go. That's when I started talking to her.


So the assistant us attorney then. Okay. In court papers, it was said after he had driven a short distance, she dove headfirst out of the win through the window, out of the moving truck and still bound with duct tape. Ran through the woods toward the nearby community of Fara to get help. Hell yeah, girl. Good for you. Fight your fucking last fight. Yeah. You know, I don't know if that was the right saying. Well, Carrie ultimately subdued Armstrong. She fought so crazy and with such passion that Stayner wasn't able to do his normal cleanup job. Like obsessive cleanup job. He disposed of her beheaded body near in a nearby stream and the head turned up 27 feet away.


In a hurry he fled. And a close source he fled. He flea. No, he flea. Karen, don't fucking correct me when say letter count. Let count he flea. Sorry to correct you. No, you're right. He fled a, a close source. It's close to the investigation. Oh my God. I think you were pointing that out. No, I did not catch that. Says it was a fight from start to finish. She tried to get away and she almost did get away. And those several minutes of struggle left behind a lot of evidence. Her determined fight for life denied him the chance to cover up the crime scene. And it led to his capture and undoubtedly saved other lives. Yes, honey.


She basically ended it. Yep. By fighting that hard, she fucking fought so hard that he lost it. Yeah. And like so in his haste, he left behind footprints and basically his car was seen around the, the area. It was really distinctive. The tire tracks as were, as well as were as well. And so the vehicle was traced to him and he was arrested. And during his interrogation he confessed to all four murders. He pled not guilty by reason of insanity and do a doctor testified that he had mild autism, obsessive compulsive disor disorder and paraphilia. At one point during the trial, the judge Thomas c Hastings had to leave the courtroom So he could compose himself in private because the testimony was so fucked up.


Oh no. He returned several minutes later, red-faced and misty-eyed a judge, the circumstances of this case are horrendous and devastating. He said before announcing the sentence, Carrie was found sane and convicted of four counts of first degree murder by a jury in 2001. He was sentenced to death and is still on in San Quentin. He claimed after his arrest. So everyone's like, did you, did you get these murderous tendencies because of the stuff with your brother? Yeah. And all this like, horrible stuff that happened. He was a kid. But he said after his arrested, he had fantasized about murdering women since he was seven years old, long before the abduction of his brother.


Whoa. So what are the chances like those two traumatic fucks up things are gonna happen in one family? So Awful. Okay. And then I went on Facebook and found a hometown murder from a reader. So I'm gonna read it. Okay. So Taylor C says, in June of 1999, I was 11 and my brother was eight. My family and I went on a road trip to Yosemite from LA and all caps stayed in the Cedar Lodge motel. This is for everyone. This is right between the murder of the three women and the murder of a single woman. Like months before, like months in between. Oh man. Around nine 30 at night, my brother and I were watching Batman and Robin.


And we get a knock at the door. My mom looks through the peephole, sees some dude, and asks what he wants. He says, pizza delivery we had already eaten. So we knew, no, no one had ordered a pizza. My mom tells him as much and he insists that we did. My mom tells him that he must have been mistaken, but he keeps insisting. After a certain point. My mom walks away and assumes he did as well. Several minutes af of knocking later. My mom calls the ma hotel management. He must have heard her on the phone because when they showed, when they showed up, he was gone. My mom filed a police report, but nothing really ever came of it. When I, I think when they caught him, she be, she was briefly interviewed, but because she didn't get a good look at him, she wasn't useful in the case to think my brother and I could have died while watching Arnold laying down some truly excellent ice puns.


'cause they were watching, where'd it go? Batman. Batman and Robin. Ugh. Fucked up. Shit. Was was it, did she say it was just her mom? It was her brother and her mom. Her and her brother and her mom. So like he spotted like moms with kids. Yeah. He must have targeted them, man. Oh man. But why would do it again in the same, I mean, I guess you didn't get caught the First time. Yeah. You didn't get caught And you're cocky And he has still has the fantasy. Like he still has, it's the compulsion that, and Then there's sometimes that thing of like, maybe you wanted to get caught. Yes. Well it, it surprised me when you said that he cried when he was talking about that first girl.


Well when the, when during the trial when a lot of the stuff was being dis or when he was listening to his own testimony, he would, he would plug up his ears and cry. Like he couldn't listen to it. Even though when he was giving that information during the interrogation, he was like, like dead. You know, emotionally dead. Wow. So either that was just for the, just for the show for the jury. Oh, that's True. Or you know, maybe he was on antipsychotics or something at that point and understood. Or if he was like, yeah. If he was like hadn't processed anything Yeah. When he was Confessing. Yeah.


Okay. We're back Georgia. Are there any updates for this story? Yeah, there are some. I, you know, in before today's episode, I was reading a bunch of articles about everything. 'cause I am so curious personally about any other murders he may have committed that we don't know about. And there, there's just still no information about that whatsoever. Mm. So that's kind of, I mean I just, I feel like it has to be there. But, so Carrie Stanner is now 63 years old. He's still incarcerated at San Quentin. And as I mentioned, they're looking into him for five other killings dating back to the eighties. And there's just including his own uncle and there's still nothing. And he's never been charged in those cases.


And then The F BI later revealed that Carrie Stainer originally planned to murder his then girlfriend that, that he was dating at the time of these murders and her two children. And he attempted three separate occasions, but was derailed when he saw another person on the grounds where they lived, leading him to find his first victims at the Cedar Lodge Motel instead. And actually one of the little girls, one of the daughters of the then girlfriend has come forward and talked about him as like the perfect, you know, stepdad type and Wow. They had no clue whatsoever. Of course. Wow. You know, and then her horrible survivor's guilt that she had and just how awfully it affected her life.


It's really moving. But yeah, in general that's just like, just such a fuck story. It's just, It's so dark and so odd. The like, because I think someone in this story, he was arrested and then someone asked him if he got his murders tendencies because of what happened to his brother. Yeah. And he was like, no, I've been fantasizing about murder since I was seven years old. So dark. Just Terrible. I know. I think there's a really good documentary out there about this too, if you wanna check it out. All right, well let's get to your wild story. Huh. Wild. Also heartbreaking. This is Karen's story about Clark Rockefeller.


Growing up, Melissa Hadit looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face


killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After Years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always


agree. Fortunately We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag, like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I Feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for


$50, Quince cares about us. It feels like. It's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go To Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye. Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's the time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too.


Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing of kitty litter ship to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of a odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Alright, are you ready to transition? Always. Because mine, I act this, I was watching this documentary this weekend about this guy that I'm gonna talk about and it's very entertaining. Even though he is also a murderer, he is more a con man, which I actually kind of adore. You are like a mobster who won't kill women and children. Yes. And you're like, you know what? You know I, when you can like pick and choose the bad, like this is the kind that I like. Yeah. Where for the most part, now he is a borderline personality.


I think extreme narcissist, they're, they have all kinds of, you know, the psychiatrist talked about what he was in court. But he basically, what it was is he was a guy who grew up in Germany as a very awkward teen. In this documentary they talk about how he, when all their friends would go to like the, to the lake every summer he would always go, but he would be fully dressed up and he would never, they never saw him in a bathing suit because this Is Hitler. That man's name was Mr. Adolf Marie Hitler. Noah. This was, well he was born Christian Carl Gerhardt.


Ooh. But he had many names in his long con career. He also went by the name Chris Chichester. Chris Crow. Chip Smith. And finally Clark Rockefeller Air to the Rockefeller. Oh, you know this guy, Clark Rockefeller. Oh, what's a documentary called? It's called my Friend Rockefeller. Yeah. I never got through it. So tell me everything It is here. It's worth getting to the part where Clark Rockefeller or Chris Chichester or Chip Smith or Chris Crow is my favorite. 'cause he, when he was Chris Crow, he claimed to be a relative of Cameron Crowe.


He, he does all these lies that are just small enough. They're big enough to impress you. Yeah. But small enough to be believable. Right. And it is masterful. And he's a really legitimately IQ style intelligent person. But he also doesn't really have any morals. Hmm. So most of the time everything's fine 'cause he's just trying to get money and like work for himself and get what he wants. But Fair enough. And doesn't he make like everyone happy around him too? Like everyone thinks he's so funny and cool for a Little while. Yeah. I think the limit's two years. Okay. That people are happy around this guy. Then he starts getting real irritating and that's when he gets kicked out of houses, fired from jobs, what have you.


But, so this is basically how it goes. He grows up as an awkward teen in Germany. He has a group of friends and in the documentary the friends get interviewed. And what I loved is one of the friends goes, I love that he tricked all those rich Americans. And that part made me go, Oh Yeah, that's true. He really did get away with huge, huge lies for a really long time. Yeah. So here's basically how it went. He also claimed to be, these are all the things he claimed to be an actor, a producer, a director, an art collector, a physicist, a ship's captain, a negotiator of international debt agreements and an English aristocrat. He was, he did it all. So when he was 17, he met an American couple who had pulled off and asked him for directions on the side of the road.


And he met them, got their names. And then when he wanted to go to America when he was 17, he used their names on the like entrance documents to say that they had invited him there and that he was gonna go live with them. Smart. This was a one-off meeting on like the side of the road. And those people are also in this documentary. Oh Yeah. It's pretty awesome. So he comes to the United States and he goes to Merrit and Connecticut and he finds the family of a backpacker. He met once on a train in Germany. I can't Even talk to the person sitting next to me on an airplane. I have a hard time talking to people I've known for 20 years.


Yeah. Much less asking people if you can go stay at their parents' house. Oh my God. I asked Vince if I can like eat some of his ships because I feel bad about it. I can't imagine being like, can I stay at your place? We met once and Just a weird and uncomfortable, no. Okay. So he explains to them that he's from a very wealthy German family and that he is in America. Like he's a foreign exchange student and can he stay with them because he's gonna be going to the local high school. Basically he starts going to high school in Connecticut. And basically his whole thing is he wants to be American, he wants to blend in. He becomes obsessed with Gilligan's Island and he starts talking like Thirston Halford.


Oh, That's Cool. And when he appears in this documentary, that's who he's talking like, and it wasn't until I was reading this article where they mentioned this specifically where I started laughing because they Don't talk about it in the documentary. He does talk about it, but they talk about it like it's an inside. He goes, the, the guy who makes a documentary who was friends with him brings it up, but they don't like he ba the Clark Rockefeller like kind of brushes it off like, Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he totally sounds like him, But he's talking like this. Oh my God, that's Perfect. And he is basically saying like, it's the funniest, but also it's that thing where I don't like to usually, I don't like to listen to killers.


Especially, I never watch anything where the serial killer's talking. I don't give a fuck what that guy has to say. Okay. He's evil. This guy's different though because he is a conman first. Yeah. And foremost. Yeah. Even though, yes, he's an, he's a bad person, killer, all of that. But he is a fascinating mind because he was smart enough to like at in as a teen con all these people. Yeah. So he goes, he goes to this high school, he, he decides that he wants to be an actor. So he heads west, but he makes it as far as Wisconsin. And he decides he's gonna go to the University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee.


So once he's there, he decides he needs to, he's been in, in the United States long enough where he needs a green card basically and needs to become a citizen. So he decides he's gonna marry a local 22-year-old woman. And who he explains to her that he, he needs the green card. 'cause if he gets sent back to Germany, he will have to fight in the Cold War on the Russian front. Hmm. Now if you knew anything about anything, I mean, and I barely know anything about anything, but when I read that I was like, Hey, wait a second. Pretty sure the Cold War didn't have a front. Right.


Because the Cold War was all about tensions. Right. And basically threats. There's no such thing as There was no Russian front in the Cold War. No, no. I mean, there were places to go. There were bad things happening. Definitely. He, if the idea was that he was gonna get sent back to like East Berlin and have to spy on his neighbors. Yes. It's horrible. But there was no Russian front Or be prisoner of war because of, or not a prisoner of war of a war accused of war crimes or something like that. Yes. A pol like a political prisoner. Yeah. Right. But there was no, the Russian front was from World War ii. Yeah. That was a bad, bad place to be Sure. Anyway, she fell for it and married him and the next day he left for California. Bye.


So I was like, was she, was she in agreement and fine with it? Yeah. But then later I read that she filed for divorce in 19 92, 11 years later. What? Maybe she was like, needed him. Maybe she's like a lesbian and like Oh, needed to appease her family hover story. Yeah. Oh, I didn't even think about that. Yeah. I was, I immediately wrote the story of she was just heartbroken and like pining in Milwaukee. Oh. For this f fabulous European that sure bailed on her the day after because it said their wedding. So it's, it sounded like it wasn't just the basics. Like Yeah. City Hall signed some papers. Like They had a Wedding. Like they had a wedding. Oh No.


That's Sad. A little crazy. Alright. So he or maybe she like, is like me and is just bad about paperwork and doesn't get shit done in time. So she's like, oh, that's right. I Have to get divorced. Yeah. I'll do it when I meet someone else. Maybe that's what she Was thinking. I'll do it when I have good reason that she's on Tinder. Swiping, swiping, Swiping. Come on. So he heads out to California Now this is, it's so fascinating. He goes to San Marina now. I don't know if you've ever been to Huntington Gardens. Oh, you're from down here. You know San Marino is like, so Pasadena is a rich area that very few people I know live in because it's like old money Rich, you know? Yeah. You have to live outta the city. San Marino is richer than Pasadena.


Yeah. It's the, it's the city nestled up right next to Pasadena where all the mansions are basically. And it's gorgeous. It's crazy. So this is a guy who's in his early twenties, like college age. He's moving to LA to be an actor and he moves to San Marino to get, it doesn't make sense. No. San Marino. I looked it up. It's, it was rated more expensive than Beverly Hills. Holy shit. And Malibu Oh my God. To live in. So it just is nonsensical for like a young actor type to live there. Sure. But that's, that's what he was about. He was like a total, he was thirst in hell the third and he was trying to go become that person in like a very real way.


Yeah. So he got, he rented the guest house that was in one of the least nice houses in all of San Marino. There was, there is actually a slightly shabby part, which is just basically not million dollar homes. Yeah. And in one of those houses, a woman named Deedee Soja had a guest house on her property. Dee Deedee reportedly was an alcoholic who was always dressed in a house coat, which Sounds like, Hey sister High five. Yeah. And Deedee had a son named John, who was five foot five super into Dungeons and Dragons Coke bottle glasses.


And was married to a woman named Linda, who was six a six foot tall redhead. They Sound like fucking our type of people. They Are, they are our type of people. Yeah. They lived in like the house adjacent. So it was almost like this little compound. And Clark Rockefeller at the time, his name was, let's see, his name here was Christopher Chichester. Okay. Which is the dumbest made up name of all Time That Chiche. That sounds like when I said, what was it, Nancy St. Nancy Na Nancy St. Stacey. That's, that wasn't as bad as Chichester. That's not as bad as Chris Chichester. Yeah. Just, it's Like you stuttered three times. Yeah.


Throw more season in there. You dork. So, okay. So he shows up in San Marino. He get, he's, he's, he's charming everybody. And what he tells them is that not only is he a computer expert, a a film producer and a stockbroker, he is also the nephew of Lord Mount Patton. So what I kind of do like about this all is all the people that get tricked by this guy are people who are label whores and status whores. So anyone that's like Impressed by, Impressed by someone talking like Thurston Hell III and saying, I'm I'm related to Lauren Lord Mountain Batten. Yeah. Where like in my family, if you said that, it'd be like, well go do the dishes.


It'd be like, really Lord Mount Batten. Yeah. Can you go get some more beer out of the downstairs refrigerator? Right. But it's the, it's a lot of people and especially that's why he would, was going to places like San Marino. You go to places where people work in those worlds and those are the people that are most impressed by, you know, you're all rich. Well, I'm a blue blood. Yeah. Well I'm a royal, I'm actually royalty. Yeah. This someone that can come in and beat them at their own game. What's more interesting than that? So the local said he was a whiz at everything. He proved, especially popular with the women who were very charmed by his royal bloodline and his courtly manners. One of the women said he knew everything about everything and he was just fabulous.


Okay. So it's not just a an act. He's really getting away with it. Yeah. And he was very, very smart. Sounds like it. So, so in 1985, tragedy strikes, this is two years after Chris moves into this. So hus the, so Huss, you know, house DeeDee's son Jonathan and his wife Linda go missing without a trace. Chris tells everybody that they told him that they were gonna go to Europe. The family got a postcard from France, supposedly from the couple after the disappearance. But it's authenticity has been questioned.


And so soon after they disappear, Deedee Soja disinherited her son, who was beloved to her. Up until that point, the police think that she was convinced that he had abandoned her. Oh, no. And after, when Deedee died, they found that $180,000 of her estate had been looted her entire estate. Sorry. Her entire estate was worth $180,000. And all of it had been taken. Oh, that's so sad. So, Dungeons and Dragons. Dungeons and Dragons In the late, I just say that like it's, I mean something by it. I know Dungeons, DUNS and Dragons. Yeah.


But we know what you mean. In the late eighties, police pull, Christopher Chichester over in Greenwich, Connecticut, he's driving Jonathan Soho's truck. Oh, the police. He leaves the area before police can interview him. I don't know what that means. If he's like, oh, well thanks everybody. It was, thanks for pulling me over. Great to see you. Yeah. And just drives away. I'm not sure. Or if they meant like come to the, come the neighborhood sounds like the neighborhood, right. It's just weird. Yeah. Because if you've got him there and he is driving some, maybe they just had the information. Yeah. That it was that truck. And they didn't put it together till later. Yeah.


But I looked it up Greenwich in the year 2000, Greenwich was the third wealthiest town in Connecticut. So he's just going East Coast. Yeah. Now he's gonna do this on the East Coast. Big money. Yeah. So he rents a post office box in Greenwich, under the name Christopher. She c Crow. CCC. Oh, geez. He loves the seas. He does. He literally walked into the Indian Harbor Yacht Club, like he owned the place. Oh my God. So there, this is a rich town that has a yacht club. And he rolled up on in. Here's how he was described. He looked like he walked out of a magazine. He always had his Burberry winter coat, Burberry umbrella, very fine cotton button down white shirts with CCC monogrammed on the pockets for Christopher Chichester Crow.


Always pristine. Always perfect. It sounds like what you wear whenever you go out. Yep. I ha I do have my button down. KLK shirt on. Now my, I'm so hot. Someone else said he's talking to you as if he's smarter, wealthier, more connected, more everything than you, no matter who you are. Fuck you. So he's, he's just playing the rich game. Yeah. And beating them at the rich game. Yeah. Because I think Thurston held the third was the richest man on the planet. Yeah. So if that's who he is, he's right. Yeah. So he sleeps with a woman. He, so that basically his in, in, in Greenwich was this yacht club.


Okay. He, he starts sleeping with a woman who ends up getting him this really high level job in town at a broker dealer firm. I don't know what that is. I don't either. I cut my eyes. Were skipping over the part where it got into like, finance business, but basically business. Yeah. A huge finance job. Okay. You have to take two tests to do this job. One called the series seven and one calls the A series 63. There's seven, it's seven hours of questions. Holy shit. And he passed it. What the shit. So he's not, he's a very, very, very intelligent person. Yeah. So now you know the brain that's being applied to conning people.


Okay. Fair. A memorizer an absorber of personalities and information and the kind of person that will tell you the perfect lie. Yeah. He's lord Mount Batten's nephew. He's not anybody's son. Yeah. He's, there's nothing direct. So, all right. So he's, he stays at this job for two years. Oh my God. But he's super, people don't, at, at first, it's interesting that they have this royalty working there. After two years, they're sick of hearing him talk. And he did the ultimate wrong move, which was the boss. The guy that hired him, who was the president of the company, wanted to access his own computer.


And Chris wouldn't tell him how to do it because he thought, if I'm the only one that knows how to do it, and you don't know, oh, I will never get fired. Instead, the guy in charge was like, get the fuck outta here. Yeah. And someone else is gonna teach me how to get into my computer. Weird. Well, from there, he gets a better job. Oh my God. So he gets fired from that job, and then he gets hired at a place called Nico. I don't it, it's another one of these like Wall Street jobs. Yeah. Karen, this is not our universe. It, I'm not interested in it. I don't like It. Nope. I don't care. Yeah. But essentially, he does great there too, for a couple years. But he, a couple people were onto him.


This is all in, in the documentary, because he would ask, he'd ask a question like, do you, have you ever sold one of these? And the guy that he asked the question to is in the documentary who's like, that'd be like asking a dentist, do you know what a bicuspid is? Like, it's one of the basics. So that guy was like, I was pretty sure something was going on. Yeah. And then of course, by the end, everyone's just, he's bragging and he's, you know, an asshole to everybody. So he gets fired from there. Then he goes to another company, a bigger company. So he gets a better job. Each firing, he just is, is failing upwards. But this is the job where they finally do a background check.


Oh, no, sorry. Two years after he got dismissed from the first place, they finally look him up. Yeah. They, they'd run his social security number. And the social security number that he gave was David Berkowitz's, the son of Sam. Shut the fuck up. That is the coolest part. It's amazing. So it's kind of like saying, if you check my shit, yeah. Go fuck yourself. Oh my God. But no one ever did until after he left. Yeah. Okay. So in Holy shit. That's cool. It's crazy. So in this third, the third job, someone at the third job finally looks into his background while he still works there and finds out that he's a person of interest in a missing person's case in California.


How did that guy feel when he saw that? I mean, probably nervous, but stoked. Yeah. Excited. And then hungry. 'cause it was right before that. Who knows. So the Greenwich Police and the Connecticut State police show up at this job. But that day, Christopher Chichester, no, sorry. Christopher Crow. Now Christopher Crow didn't show up for work that day. 'cause he was onto them. He knew, but he called in to say he needed time off because his parents had been kid kidnapped in either Pakistan or Japan. Oh. Come. Just say you don't feel well. Well, and also that's where your lies are getting a bit big. Yeah. Like, pick one.


Yeah. It's Pakistan. Yeah. Or you have a hangover. Yeah. Or you're, yeah. You, you broke one of your teeth and you, you're out for a couple days. Your bi cuspit, you're, how about your bi cuspit? I don't think that, So he disappears from Greenwich, Connecticut, and he reappears in New York City, 1992. And where does he go? Where did John list go? When he had to start all over in a new town? The Church. Church, church. Church. You show, say it with me. Church. Church. You show up at church Whoa. With your song and dance. Yeah. And you have a built in community of people who are going to trust you. Totally. Keep your eyes peeled.


Churchy. So he rolls up. This is now when he has Keep your eyes Peeled church. I say that as if that's something that's important. This is now when he's become Clark Rockefeller. So he's in New York City and he's introducing himself as a Rockefeller. That seems like something you'd wanna introduce yourself anywhere, but in New York City. Well, but here's the thing. He knows the difference. So he specifies to these people at this church that he is from the Percy Rockefeller side. Not John d. John D is the one that, he's crazy Rich Percy still is super rich, but not John D level.


Okay. So he he always goes right under Yeah. You know, he goes in with the claim. That's right. Believable enough. Yeah. We're still talking millions of dollars. Yeah. Crazy old American blue blood money. It Still would impress people like my mom. Oh, he's a Rockefeller, you Know. Oh, my grandmother used to say, like, she'd go pick that penny up off the floor. We're not the Rockefeller. Totally. That was like a total grandma saying. Yeah. She also said a lot of racist stuff that I won't repeat, So don't listen to her. She was a good person at heart. Was just, was the Times Make America great again. Alright. He claimed to have gone to Yale, like when he was 14, he had a Yale scarf with the blue stripes.


He said he had one of the JBoss from his grandparents, which was a classic thirties sailing yacht. Yeah, I do too. Yeah. Don't we all? So basically what he learned is that if you joined private clubs in a big city and, and they're all like clubs. No one's ever even heard of the lo the low dose and stuff like that, where I'm like, Oh Yeah. I'm clearly as working classes as you can get. We'll never be. No, No, no more close. We'll Never be asked to. No. And they're not gonna ask us. No, I don't think so. But this is where the Vanderbilts and the Whitneys and the Roosevelts and the Rockefellers, they've all been socializing since the 18 hundreds.


So he learns the kind of language of private clubs and those people, and then all of his lies become believable because he's speaking their language. Right. Right. And saying the stupid shit that they all say to each other over cucumber sandwiches. What Do they say? I wonder what It's all whispering about cash. Yeah. Right. Transactions. Lots of tran What's Yeah. What transactions? Bonds. Bonds. More bonds. More bonds. They're polio. Polo, polio. Polo. They meant polio. They met polio. The disease. You met the disease. Yeah. Because Roosevelt had that. Yeah. They, you gotta talk about it. Right.


Who am I? So, oh, sorry. I lost my place and I'm hallucinating from the heat. I'm so sorry. It's bad in here. No, it's, there's nothing you can do. So, oh, I was on the totally wrong page. I tried to do that scrolling thing that I do. All right. So, okay. So he married in 1995. He marries a woman that he met through St. Thomas Church, this church that he went to. And she was a Harvard MBA who rose to be one of the youngest partners in history at McKinsey. I don't know what that is. Law firm. Probably. She had a $2 million salary. Cool. She was like, legendary business woman.


Fuck man. He meets her church, they hit it off and they get married. He has a way with the ladies. Yeah. He explains to her that none of his family is gonna be at the wedding because there had been an argument and he had disinvited all of them. Wow. So he has no family there. Red flag. But he marries into her family, and they have a child named Ray, which I actually like that name for a girl. Ray. Ray, R-E-I-G-H. Oh, that's cute. He nicknamed her Schnooks Snooks, which may have been something Thirsten how the third called his wife Snooks.


Yeah. He'd insisted on raising her and educating her himself. Oh, I would love to meet and talk to her. Oh my God. She's the coolest. So anyway, they ultimately get divorced and she, the wife has to pay him $800,000 in alimony. And he won the, the white, the, but she, sorry. She won the right to raise Ray to in London. So in 2008, a court supervised visit in Boston, Rockefeller kidnaps Ray. Oh, no. So she's seven years old there, he's meeting up with Ray and the court appointed like social worker basically.


And he runs up, pushes that woman over, grabs the little girl and jumps into a car and drives away. Oh no. The, the social worker actually ran after and grabbed onto the back bumper of the car for like, a little bit, trying to do something about it. My God. But don't worry, he was, he lived for this little girl. He just wanted her and his life. He wasn't gonna harm her in any way. Yeah. She don't even know that everyone in this documentary says it. Okay. Like he would never, he worshiped her. Okay. And, and he, he, she was everything to him, Snooks. And they, and he got caught two weeks later. Okay. So the, but there was, he, he had set up a new identity in Baltimore.


That's where he was gonna become Chip Smith, a professional yacht captain and catamaran designer. But Jesus, he got caught immediately. He was in 2009. He was convicted and sentenced to four to five years for abducting his daughter. And two to three years for the assault on the social worker who did get in injured by that SUV that he had waiting. But we'll circle back around now, because in 1994, the new owners of the So Huss house in San Marino were digging to build a new pool.


Oh. And they found two bodies. Oh, no. Deep, deep underneath the ground in the backyard at the Soho's house. And it was, the family members said the bones matched Jonathan Soho's general description, but he was adopted. So they, the, they couldn't do a family DNA match. Oh. So she adopts this kid and he's this like great nerd and she loves him so much, But she's kind of a boozer. And then he takes off, But then he finds love Yeah. In a six foot redhead. Aw. And they're kind of this mis mismatched couple that are making it happen.


And then She thinks he just leaves her. Yes. Oh, that's the saddest thing I've ever heard. The, The so forensic evidence showed that the victim whose Jonathan had been struck in the head two times with a rounded blunt object, then stabbed six times. Holy shit. His body had been cut into three parts, and the body parts had been put into book bags from the University of Wisconsin. Fuck. And from USC, where Chris Chi Clark, All these people, he had actually sat in on film classes, never registered as a student, but he used to go to USC and go to classes.


He just wasn't actually a student. Wow. And so that circumstantial evidence combined with the fact that he was arrested driving Jonathan's truck Yeah. In Greenwich, basically convicted him of murder. Sorry. They, there was only one body buried in the backyard. Oh. They never found Linda. Linda, Where do you think she is? Well, the police suspect that Clark had an affair with Linda. Oh no. Because basically he, Clark thought he was in with Dee Dee and thought that he was going to get her money and get the house and be in San Marino and like have his life. Yeah. And then Jonathan and Linda were basically what were standing in the way of that.


Yeah. And I think, and he thought, you know, I'll get, this is just this crazy old drunk lady. Yeah. I'm gonna get her to sign everything over to me and then I'm going to have the, the life I want. And then Linda and Jonathan are just like, you need to move out of here. Yeah. And basically, that's where it started. So he, the theory is that he tried to break them up as a couple, and then he murdered Jonathan. So Linda might be out in the world. They think she's dead. Yeah. She's dead. Yeah. They just think that he brought the body somewhere else. That's so sad. I believe. Yeah. He was charged with Jonathan's murder and he, and the trial was in April, 2013.


And he was convicted of first degree murder and he's now in some weird jail in Ironwood Jail in Blythe, California. Wow. Can I see a photo of him? Yeah. I wanna see a, like a mugshot. That's, It's so funny because when they talk about like that he's good looking and stuff, or that he had a way with the ladies. Nope. Well, let's see. Is he hot? I mean, to eat his own. Oh my God. He is like a nerd. He's, Well, and also when you see him talking, it's even worse. He's Got no mouth. 'cause he Ain't kind of talks like this. It's like somebody in a bad like mustard commercial where you're like, what?


Why would you talk like that? He looks like he is a character in The Simpsons. Yeah. Like he's, oh no, where's his mouth? He's just kind of, you know, I'm sure he was insecure as a teen. Sure. And all of that. Plus being really smart, you know. Yeah. Just made up For, I don't see him being a ladies man, but good for him. It's all in the brains. Brains. Brains. Brains. Brains. Brains. Brains. We should thank Steven. Yeah. Thank You Steven. Our beautiful engineer who gave us microphone stands. Yes. They're beautiful. Thank you. They really are gorgeous. You've been killing it. We appreciate it. Thank For All your help. Elvis is sitting there waiting. Elvis, it's your big chance. Oh, okay. You can do it. Wait, can we, can we try and do this?


Can we do it before or after we say Elvis? You want a cookie? You want a cookie? Okay. You wants your microphone. We usually do it after, because stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Okay, we're back. Karen. Any updates? There are updates. I recently listened to a podcast about this story. I can't, it was like an one of those anthology podcasts. So it was like a bunch of, it was almost like, here's a bunch of rich crimes or whatever. Yeah. And then it was, this guy is like, he isn't really rich, but it It is. Yeah. So I just recently kind of revisited this and it just like, God, this is, it's just insane.


So after numerous denied appeals, Clark Rockefeller, quote unquote, was transferred to San Quentin in December of 2016. And so he's there now. He stays busy painting and he's journalist for the San Quentin News. So with good time credits, he'll be eligible for parole in December of 2029. He'll be 68 years old if he gets paroled then. And his daughter, Ray has since changed her name and she lives a private life, which is good for her. How wild is it that both of the murderers in this story are in San Quentin right now as we're speaking? Oh Yeah. Do you think they fucking know each other?


I would think they do. Only because aren't the infamous killers like treated slightly differently? Yeah. They're like held separately for some reason. Or get protection maybe if they might need it. I don't know. Who knows? Shit, I definitely don't know. But that's, yeah, that's, that's crazy observation. So creepy. Okay, so this episode was originally titled, as we have said, many times the Fuck Word Murder Mystery show. And if we were naming it today, which you know that's a classic name. What would we call it? Based on something we said in this episode? So the quietest girls on the podcast, because that's us, obviously. Us, Yes. We're so quiet and demure. Mm. Excuse me.


Which is what Georgia, she's talking about saying a spoiler without warning. And it's like burping without saying, excuse me, before or after which, if that's the case, we have burped and burped and burped, literally and figuratively. All, all the way through this Show. We have never said spoiler alert before our burps. For sure. I remember people getting mad about that and putting it in like on social media really. And me kind of, because the spoilers, yeah. In the beginning. Oh, you're like, can you please say spoiler alert? And it just like, yeah. No, yeah, no. Like you have to, it's the standing spoiler alert. Right. We're gonna ruin it for you. Right. It's also like, okay, but did that air like five weeks ago? Like what's the cutoff? It's not on us anymore.


30. It's 30 years ago. We're spoiling rear window for you. I mean, I don't Think, also, I'm not like, I basically have gone into lockdown until I see Nosferatu. So like that's just the, that's the life I'm willing to live. If I want a totally fresh experience that's, yeah, It's on. Come on. You take some responsibility. Wait a second. There's also Alejandra's suggestion. Meow Meow, Meow Meow. Which is me doing a theme song for Tweet Corner. And it says it's Mimi's theme song as well. Well, you probably just heard it 'cause you just listened to rewind, which we fucking appreciate. Thank you guys for listening. It's so nice of you to reengage and to churn up all of the old stuff and look at it and piece through it with us.


Take what works for you. Leave the rest like yeah in AA. And thanks for being here. Leave a penny. Take a penny. Yeah, all of it. It's one of those kinds of podcasts. Let's do it that way. So stay sexy and don't Get murdered. Go Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by a local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends and our top elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses. All across the country, ID Tech features over 50 Epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.