
This is exactly right.


You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


Hello. Hello and welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. It is Wednesday, as I like to call it, rewinds day. I Love that. And this is a show where we recap our old episodes with all new commentary, updates, and insights. Today we're recapping episode 42. It's a tough one. Yeah. We named it Abject Failure. You'll see, you'll understand why once you start listening, it's very accurate for the time. This episode came out on November 10th, so like five days after the worst thing of all time in 2016. The vibes are bad. We are just trying to hold on, trying to help other people. Hold on. We do our best. Let's take a moment and emotionally prepare to listen to the intro of episode 42.


Are you gonna belch This? Belch is brought to you by Chipotle. Chipotle when life is empty and you need beans When your heart is empty and you need to fill your gut, go To Chipotle. This isn't An ad and farted out. I know. They're like, these ads are getting so casual. Oh no. I just feel a little broken today. Why? Oh, didn't I tell you? No, no. I've been away. I was in New Zealand. The world's Crashing down around our head. Oh, I didn't realize. Oh, yeah, it's true, huh? Well, This is the day after you guys, Which is one of the great nuclear war scare films from the eighties.


Oh, really? If you haven't seen it, and you want a different kind of scare entertainment. Well, the day after is one of the most upsetting things. I was left alone to watch when I was 11 years old. I feel like that is the exact opposite. Exact opposite of what I need to be watching right now. Yeah. Considering the circumstances do not Watch it, Which is that not only did Hillary lose Trump won the presidency Yeah. And scared for our country. Jill Stein didn't come in as that third party candidate to tear it away. Not only I would've been fine. I would've been fine. Yeah. You know what's funny is there is a nothing at all.


So let's get this done. We just start fighting. What's funny That it seems like, first of all, it's a hundred degrees in Los Angeles today, so there's a hellscape feel to all of life right now. That's very surreal. And it's really quiet. It doesn't, I mean, like, it's quiet because this is California. It's very quiet. People are like, I feel like people are looking inside themselves right now. People are devastated. Yeah. And I just wanna like, hold everyone's hand that I see. Not that I left the house much today, but when I did, it was like I wanted to apologize to everyone who is gonna be fucked, you know? Yeah.


Including Us. I mean, who know in all different ways, but here's what I was trying to do. This is what I did, which I never do. I was just letting everybody merge in front of me today. Very nice. Nice. Anybody that came anywhere near me with a blinker on, I was like, go ahead. Yeah. I had my arm out the window. Go ahead, everybody go. Maybe we'll all be friends now. Yeah. It's, I mean, I don't know. I, I was so cocky yesterday, you know what I mean? Yeah. The conversation I had with the dude I ordered lunch from was so like, he was like, I'm scared. I'm like, we're gonna be fine. Yeah. Yeah. We got this jokey joke. Yeah. And I wanna go back there and be like, I'm sorry I took your fucking worry.


Not seriously, But that's what, it wasn't that you weren't taking it seriously. That's what everybody was doing. Yeah. I mean, I feel like that's what everyone down to political polar pundits were doing. Yeah. The faces on Anne mad ow madox, when her, when she kind of realized what was going on was when I was like, goodbye. Go into the wine bar. Yeah. Like what bothers me? Like, okay, so, and sorry, this is becoming a political, like this is just so new and we need a, I'm just like, I don't know how we're gonna do this, but like, it's, it's when Bush won, I was like, oh, well, everyone's gonna see what a mistake that was because it's gonna affect them. But the people that this is gonna affect aren't the people who voted for him.


It's the people who aren't, are minorities. It's not gonna affect anyone who voted for Him. Well, and also what's weird is there were some minorities that voted for him. That's true. I mean, there's, there is a, it was a con, it's a long con. Yeah. And you know, who knows? Who knows? Hillary said, we have to give him a chance and see what happens. Yes. Who knows? I Oh, But if you're stoked, if you're stoked today, you know, we envy that position that, that you think that you have solved a problem by putting Donald Trump into the presidency. It must feel great. Yeah. I personally was so thrilled. The idea of a woman becoming president.


Me too. It was so exciting. Is not enjoy your naivety. And what's been great though, is that like, for all the posts I've put up on and on on the, my favorite murder boards and stuff, not a single person has responded and been like, fuck you. You know? Like, I think everyone who follows us for my favorite murder reasons. Nope. No, no. You saw this shit. Yes. Oh, Come to Twitter Fast. Really? Come to the bus stop that is Twitter and see what people are really saying. I mean, it's a nice idea, but No. Okay. Which is why I don't think we should talk about politics, because that's basically just telling people Don't be interested in this. Okay. Let's start then.


Unless You don't start Podcast, I mean No, let's start the podcast. How, any, anything, any housekeeping? Do you have no housekeeping? I thought I probably did yesterday. I guess there I can talk about the thing I loved, which I saw on the Facebook page, which was there was a Marino meetup in Colorado. Yes. That was so awesome. Like, I kept looking at the picture this morning. It really gave me a lot of good feeling this morning. I went straight to that Facebook page, like the second I woke up and just looked at all these people communicating with each other. And the thing that they wrote about, about this meetup of all these people talking about this thing that they're interested in, but then also talking about getting a self-defense class started.


They were just, and they like, all looked like they were just kind of hanging with friends. They all looked, they looked like people who all went to high school together. Yeah. Like they already looked like a group of people. Yeah. And it's, I find that incredibly touching that people to me, at the end of the day, that's what it's all about. Yeah. It's like people are actually connecting with the other human beings. Totally. I'm so happy making friends, making for them. Yeah. Did I tell you, speaking of making friends, oh, I have to tell you about my acupuncturist and how I went. I've been seeing her for like a few, a couple months now for my, the sciatica issue. And she's been really fucking helping me. And she's this wonderful, like, soft spoken sweet person. She reminds me of like a kindergarten teacher. And then, wait, is it, where is it?


It's in Silver Lake. Oh, at the Dao. It's not at the Dao Of, no. Okay. Shout out to Holly. She, I came into to get my acupuncture This week, last week. And she was like, so one of my clients knows I'm into true crime and said to me, you need to listen to this podcast. And she's like, I listened to three episodes of it before. I was like, I wonder who these girls are. And then she's like, and then I looked at it and it was you. Oh. Like, she didn't even know it was me while she was listening, but she's like, I I like it a lot. And then of course told me her hometown murder. Where's she from? Which was fucking awesome. San Diego. And about like a girl who got killed from high school and her mom got killed.


And it turned out that they were into dealing drugs and shit. Oh no. And the cops initially thought that it was like the serial killer that was going around at the time. And they're like, it doesn't fit the mo, but maybe it is. And then they found out that they were dealing drugs and Wow. I know. Wait, that just reminded me. Ida, similar experience at the wrap party for my job. Oh, I'm not gonna be able to remember her name now. It might be Cassie. It might be something with a no. But anyway, it was Casio. It's Casio. It was ca I met a Cassio keyboard from the eighties and I put it on Bossanova and danced by myself at a rap party. Was A yelling Marino. And it was basically, oh, I Get to get the Moee.


No, Karen, stop it. You're sober. Karen. This is why this is a wrap party. It's because we all wanted to, it's actually still going on. We were just trying to convince you that it's over. We're Trying to wrap you personally. Yeah. Out of this job. We're trying to be nice. So making it hard. I wouldn't be surprised. But anyway, she worked, she works. I can't remember where she works somehow on the show. Sorry. Her name is something and she works somewhere. Her, her name is something, she means the world to me. She works somewhere and she's blonde. She was so sweet. She works for the show somehow, but like in a, like for the network or for publicity or something where it's not in our office or whatever.


Yeah. So it's okay that you're like, you, you didn't work with her for four months and then not know her anything. Never seen her. Never met her. Also, there's a chance she doesn't work on the show. And it was her roommate that works on the show now that I'm thinking about it. But end of the day, the fun part is she, she listened to the podcast and wanted to know what show I was working on. Oh my God. When I would talk about it. And then she, so she goes, and then I saw you here. Now I know what show you've been working on. It was right. It was very fun and exciting. I have, I just remembered now, now that I'm, I'm this fog of depression is lifting over me a little bit. 'cause we're, I'm laughing for the first time. Yes. Since yesterday. It's A, it's key. It's crucial. It Really is. So two th one, the Americana in Glendale, I go into Madewell who makes great jeans, great expensive jeans.


This is like my first time in my life not buying $10 jeans. And I get a pair. I buy a, I go to, I go to put one on, I go to grab a pair that, and then of course the ones that are on top fall to the ground. Yes. As they do. Sure. Right. As this like, sweet girl comes up to me to like, can I help? And I thought, I was like, I'm so sorry. I was like, I'm, I'm sorry I'm making a mess. And she's like, I'm Scared. 'cause these jeans are expensive. Right. And I just toppled a bunch of 'em. And she's like, are you Georgia? And I was like, yes. And she, we, we heard that the Jay crew shout out that you had done and like, we do that too. No. Yes. They were so sweet. We've spread to the Americana. So the Americana made, well, ladies WhatsApp, shout out Hi girls and guys.


And then yesterday I think it, I just met girls, so it's okay. Yesterday I went to this French restaurant in Echo Park to try to watch the end of the world. And it was too crowded for me. But as I walk in this table, like, hi, hi at me. And I just hi back because I don't ever recognize anyone, you know. And they're like, murdering. I was like, oh good. I don't know. And they were just random fucking wow fans. Jesus. That's how, so that's three. Yeah. And then after I left immediately, 'cause it was too crowded. I made the mime of I'm gonna go slit my wrist somewhere else at them. Bye. Then I did A real fun face. I'm gonna go Suicide. I'm gonna go ahead and go down the street where it's quiet.


Well, I like that. I feel like this part of the podcast might to an outsider Yeah. Seem Oh yeah. Self-indulgent. But as we have had to answer in, in, even that is what I'm trying to say is that this is very new to us. Yeah. And so when these things happen, it's still hilarious and fun for us. It's Exciting for Us and exciting. And it's its own, you know, it's like greetings corner. Yeah. Or whatever, where It's like, it's like meeting friends you didn't know you had. And it's so exciting just to be like, to meet these like cool people who are, no one's been crazy to me yet. They're all like, no, There're there are very few crazy ones.


Yeah. And then when it stretches out to like my fucking acupuncturist, who by all accounts as like a nice normal human being and she's like, I like it. What are the, She's supposed to be like mind body. And then she's like, yeah, she body murder. Totally is, yeah. I mean, what we're saying is there's fucking nice people everywhere and it's nice to know and it's nice to remind each other of Yeah. And keep saying hi, and we'll try to do the same and maybe remember your name or where you worked. No, no. Oh, She was the nicest person. She seems nice. The one I can't remember, Cassie, Callie, someone, she looked like she was from the Midwest. She was so happy. Casio. I feel like, you know, let's talk about something else. Let's, it, let's awful.


Let's talk about another, like, let's get our minds off an awful life. Okay. Do, here's a transitional, awful topic. Okay. The woman who was found chained like a dog inside the metal container, right. In North Carolina, they have found four bodies on the property, Four bodies buried, and so far that fucking Amazon shit. Oh yes. That's, so many people sent me that. You look at it. Yes. I didn't look at it. So This guy who's like by all accounts, a serial killer Yeah. Who already had a record for a child molestation, Rape at, at gunpoint, Rape at gunpoint. Oh. Somehow that's just again, let's just make everything awful.


Yeah. He has been commenting on the tools he's used to kill people and chain them up on Amazon, reviewing them and saying shit like this. If I, I haven't killed anyone with this. Yeah. But when I do, this will be a great tool. I mean like, straight up admitting like this, this chain, this padlock is great for chaining people. Like, oh Dude. I think it's still up there too. I think the cops are looking into it. So they haven't taken them down yet. Maybe that's, I feel like that's second only to my favorite internet comments, which are on those sugar free gummy Bears. Oh my God. Which is, now let's just turn this around here.


Here's, we're gonna, we're gonna just, we're mining for positivity today. Let's Do some footage. Should I find a couple? Yeah. Yes. If you want to. Okay. So, and I'll just, I'm, I'm sure everybody knows this 'cause kind of legendary, but if you don't, I Don't think a lot of people know this. So they, These this gummy bear company made their own version of sugar-free gummy bears. Yeah. And they were for sale on Amazon. And the reviews for these sugary sugar-free gummy bears that have, that contain some chemical. It's Called sugar alcohol. Okay. So sugar alcohol apparently makes you shit your parents. It does. So there are reviews where people were like, Oh my God, I, I was shitting all day.


Like people just talking about these gummy bears just wreaking havoc on their intestinal system and they just get more ridiculous and poetic as they go. People Are really like being, there's a lot, there's a few different places of like products that people will pick up on. Yeah. And cover. Like there's like a single big pen. Yes. And it's just like, people are talking about like time travel and what the B pen has done for them. This is, this makes me happy. Yes. It's kind of gross. Do it. I mean, well Here's one, be sure to also buy a tub of oxyclean with this to get the blood and diarrhea stands out of your underwear. Clothes, furniture, pets.


Loved one ceiling fans. Let's see. Oh my God. Everything previously written is true. It's all true. Don't eat more than 15 in a sitting unless you were trying to power wash your intestines. The cramping started about an hour later and soon enough I was in a, I was as bloated as a balloon in Macy's Thanksgiving day parade when the rumblings started, I sprinted down the hallway, I made it to the bathroom just in time for the four horsemen of the apocalypse to stampede from my backside laying ways to my home septic system and my will to live. After three hours of my pelvis shaking gummy bear of salt, I was spongy and weak. Surprised that I had any bones left. I cursed. Ha, horrible bow, har rib bow.


Thank Haribo. That's you with the little strength I could muster. But here's the cool, like, cool thing about them is that people, and it's in the reviews. People with like really bad illnesses who get constipated. I think cancer, I think chemo makes you unable to shit. You are are now like recommending them take two like posts. No. Yes. Yes. Like it's relieving constipation. We, I sat in, my friend Stephanie and I sat in her car one day and I just read them and we were both crying. We are just crying laughing there. There's a banana slicer. That's a good one too. If you ever get sad and bored tonight.


Banana Slicer Reviews. There's banana slicer reviews that are just hilarious. Nice. Oh, what was I gonna say? Yeah, don't eat sugar alcohol. Be careful. It's in a lot of stuff and I've eaten it before and it makes you so bloated. You are in so much pain. Wow. I've never even heard of that. Yeah, it'll say it's, it's in a lot of stuff and you think, oh, it's just sugar. 'cause it says sugar alcohol. It's fucking terrible. Wow. Yep. It's like a sugar substitute. Yeah, it's like a a I think it's an app, an extraction of sugar that they take and they're like, it's sugar free. Oh, right. Yeah. It's just, no, don't eat that. Just eat sugar Guys. Just use sugar ultimately at the end of the day. Except for those of you who have quit sugar.


Karen Name Karen. I'm proud. I'm so impressed with you. Thank You. As a sugar Addict. Well, once, once outta your system. I know you don't crave it anymore. That's the shocking part. But what if I still crave cake? Like I don't want sugar, but I want cake. You know what I mean? It's like a Different, you're making up what's gonna happen to you. Yeah. Is That what you're saying? Well, like I, I know you don't crave sugar. Like you're not like, I want something sweet, but I want cake. Something. It's a different No, but it's like, I want a piece of cake. Yeah. Well that's just an idea. That's True. That may, that may need to go psychological for not just, Yeah. I mean I think all of it's kind of psychological. Yeah. Should we just not talk about murder? This?


I Don't know. I feel like it's like, yeah, that sucks. We've touched upon it enough. I feel like, I mean, we really have re we've danced around it a lot. Let's Have this one be all about, let's just read, review funny reviews this whole episode. I mean, I wouldn't mind it. We kind of could. Do you want me look at the banana slicer? Yes. Let me see if I can find any. Do you want me to read you another? Yes. Okay. I have a good one. But it's also like, is it better than what's happening right now? I wanna read a good one. Okay. After a few hours, I had an extreme buildup of gas with no relief.


All I could was lay down and pray for a fart. That might sound funny, but when you've eaten something that has basically turned you into blue into the blueberry girl from Lily Wonka, you're pleading with your life. Violet Bogar is her name. Oh, there's like, okay, I wanna find the big pen one. Let's see. Big. I just found banana slicer. Okay, read it one. This is a Buzzfeed article so you can actually find it. Okay. It's the article called A ma. Amazon. Reviews of this plastic banana slicer are just the best. So here's the first one. For decades I've been trying to come up with an ideal way to slice a banana, use a knife. They say, well, my parole officer won't allow me to be on knives. Shoot it with a gun background check.


Hello. I had to resort to carefully attempt to slice these, those bananas with my bare hands. 99.9% of the time, I would just get so frustrated that I'd just end up squishing the fruit in my hands and throwing it against the wall in anger. Then after a fit of banana induced rage, my parole officer in introduced me to this kitchen marvel and my life was changed. What can I say about this? 5 7 1 B banana slicer that hasn't already been said about the wheel penicillin or the iPhone. This is one of the greatest in dimensions of all time. My husband and I would argue constantly over, over who had to cut the the day's banana isis. No one. It's one of those chores. Chores.


No one wants to do. You know, the old I spend the entire day rearing our children. Maybe you can pitch in and cut these bananas and of course you think I have the energy to slave over your damn bananas. I worked a 12 hour shift just to come onto these, to this. I mean, this fucking thing goes on for like seven more paragraphs. I love it. All right, let me find one Banana slicer. It's like a play. It's like people getting their creativity out. I love those On Amazon. I love those. Okay, the 10 best. Here's the thought catalog has the 10 best reviews for a big pens for her. Someone has answered my gentle prayers and finally designed a pen that I can use all month long. I use it when I'm swimming, riding a horse, walking on the beach and doing yoga.


It's comfortable leakproof non-slip and it makes me feel so feminine and pretty. Since I've been using these pens, men have found me more attractive and approachable. It has given me soft skin and manageable hair, and it has really given me the self-esteem I needed to start a book club and flirt with the bait, the bag boy at my local market, my drawings of kittens and ponies, I've improved. And now that I'm writing my last name hyphenated with the Robert Pat. With Robert Patterson's last name, I really believe he may someday marry me. I'm positively giddy. Those smart men in marketing have come up with a pen that my lady parts can really identify with. Where has this pen been all my life? That's the big pen for her, Right? For her. And it's like pink and purple. Probably a piece of ship, drink pen with, Oh my God.


So stupid. I do think we should do murders. Okay. I mean, just because there's some, there's some Trump lovers who are like, Hey, can I have my favorite show? Hey, why can't I have what I want? Oh, right. In 2016, America, wait A second, I want something. Give it to me now. Cut that part out, Steven. No, don't I want something. Give it to me now. And we're back. Why didn't we just turn this podcast into a reading reviews podcast? You know how much easier our lives would've been if we could just, I mean, the work is done for you. You're just printing stuff up and I mean it. That is still a great idea. Okay.


Yeah. Come on, let's podcast. Seven days a week. Well, the, the Haribo people stopped offering reduced sugar products. That whole thing was a bit of a mini scandal. And then I think they were like, oh, we can't use that chemical anymore. Oh, too bad for them. Man, that bottom line is disappointed in that. Right. You know, and that's really all that matters. This is so weird. It's like, it just feels like deja vu and like we are so hopeful that like we're trying to look at the positive. We're trying not to be too, too political. Which is hilarious because we are now, I mean, there's no way around it. Yeah. We have learned our lesson about scandal and online meltdown cancellation. Yeah. So no one's trying to be the subject of that ever again.


No. We're trying to be even. But I feel like that went away pretty quick after this. So Yeah. Which I'm happy about. It's a weird thing. Yeah. Fascism. It's super weird. Weird. Fascism is weird. Weird. Yeah. It's so weird. And it's like a double, it'd been double down now, so. Yeah. Yeah. You know, here we are Now we're just all kind of like, I look at my phone while I watch tv, while I am chewing on something that's usually getting me through. It helps. That's all we can do. Dogs and cats help. I think. Animals For Sure. Friends. Speaking of friends, this episode is all hometowns that you guys wrote in. Yeah. This is the first time that we had the idea just to do hometowns and because I think we were kind of busy that week and devastated.


We let you guys do the homework. So let's get into this series of hometowns.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are, and it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a nude victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity If your identity is stolen. A LifeLock US based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code murder or go to lifelock.com/murder for 40% off terms apply.


You know, Georgia, they always tell you to touch grass, to spend time in nature. But what if I told you that nature can be boxed up and delivered right to your door? Well now you can. Thanks to fast growing trees. Did you know fast growing trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. New to plants or gardening? No problem. The website has everything you need. Plus each plant comes with clear care instructions. Plus, Get support from their trained plant experts who are on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. God, I need to learn how to care for plants. I would love to get this service and just have somebody like teaching me as I have like a beautiful tree or plant in my house. Like, actually do this today. This is how you don't kill it. When do I water it? Yes. What season do I trim it? I don't know. And I don't wanna ask my mom. 'cause then I get a lecture This spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals And listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code MFM at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code MFM at checkout Fast-growing trees.com code MFM, now is the perfect time to plant. Use MFM to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hey Karen. I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh Yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can Change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot view monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this is Needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God, once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh my God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


I'll go first This week please. Instead of asking, I'll volunteer please. I'll throw myself in front of the train please. Alright, so then This week we're just gonna read your hometown murders. Yeah. As our main thing. Yeah. Oh, this starts off with a very professional note and it says in the un note colon, in the unlikely event you refer to this story on air or publicly, please do not share my name or email address. Anonymous is good enough. I love your podcast. And look forward to each one every week. Thanks for being awesome. Let's give out that email address. I love that it, it's so reasonable. Yeah, it's exactly what I needed that first time I gave that woman's full information.


There's a second piece of information there that I'll tell you after the podcast. That's really good. But I don't Cool. I don't think I should read it since I think it would indicate who this person is. Is it A famous person? It's, they have a, they have a connection to a famous serial killing team And their email address is justin@timberlake.com com. His publicist is a real bee, so we give out his, all right. So here's what anonymous has to say. My parents moved us to the Santa Clarita Valley near Magic Mountain and the site of the San Fran Fran San FTO dam disaster in 1988.


Santa Clater was then an underdeveloped and had a lot of wooded hills and was more of a small town. People noticed new people moving in and local shops would call you by your first name. We didn't even have to lock our car doors. That's what my town was like. In 1989, a little girl named Sarah Hodges disappeared in Newhall. She was only seven years old and her parents assumed that she had maybe wandered off and gotten hurt, or was at a friend's house and hadn't told them. Aw. A citywide search was immediately put into place, including house to house searches, dogs mounted police helicopters, neighborhood volunteers searching the brush in woods. One of the volunteers was her 14-year-old neighbor named Curtis Cooper. Ugh. Curtis had been living with his father in Florida until a few months before and now lived with his mom Crystal in a room she rented from Mrs.


Kasmar. It was rumored that Curtis and Crystal both slept in the same large water bed in a single room. Mrs. Kassar's house was five doors away from Sarah's house. Oh. Curtis used to play with Sarah and sometimes went horseback riding with her and was one of the first to volunteer for her when she disappeared. Red flag, this sounds familiar. It does. I think you've done this. Did I do the one where he, because it's Waterbed? Oh, no, because he lived in a house. Oh, he did with them? No. Yeah. Okay. But it's very familiar. Very similar to the murder I did once. Yeah. It's slightly older boy and little girl and waterbed and water. Holy Shit. Totally. Same thing. Shit. Okay. The dog's mounted police, the neighbors and the house to house search, including Mrs.


Kasmar house turned up nothing. Sarah's face was everywhere and she was the talk of the schools. She was the lead news story every night and in all the papers. How could a 7-year-old just disappear in this small, sleepy shit kicker town? Shortly after Sarah disappeared, the Coopers had a fan blowing out their window running day and night. Mrs. Kasmar thought it was odd that the fan was blowing out instead of in, and that it was going all the time. She also began to smell something foul from the Cooper's Room and finally went to investigate while they were both out. Hell yeah. Mrs. Kasmar Rock the Kasmar also. Sorry. See, you still got it. You still Got it. She's always Rock the Kasmar.


Four days after she had disappeared, Mrs. Kasmar, some reports say it was Crystal found. The Foley clothed, decomposing body of Sarah Hodges. She was wedged between the wall and the headboard of the waterbed. She Was in there with both of them. Yeah. Curtis and Crystal had slept with Sarah beneath their heads with the fan blowing for three days. What the fuck? At first the news reported that maybe Sarah had been playing hide and go seek and had wedged herself into tightly and snapped her neck. That was the story the Coopers were selling anyway. However, an examination revealed Sarah had been strangled and sexually assaulted. Mm. It was thought that she was murdered in Curtis's room and hidden there only a few hours before the deputies searched the house.


Oh my God. It turns out that Curtis had been in trouble in Florida and had been arrested for committing several petty thefts and burglaries and basically had to leave. Curtis claimed he had been looking for help for years for his severe emotional problems. But in Florida, he was shifted from agency to agency without ever receiving proper treatment. Apparently, whatever Curtis had done, it was bad enough for Florida not to want him. That's what he wrote. The person wrote That, and I guess it was according to the Deputy district attorney who prosecuted him, Curtis had planned the murder about a week before it Occurred. Planned It. Planned it, and also planned, but never carried out a carried out a similar murder two years earlier, while in Florida when he would've been around 12 or 13.


Holy shit. Rosenbeck. Oh. That de deputy district attorney had claimed that Curtis had a belief that he had to kill to have sexual relations. Although he was found by the court experts to have some brain damage, it was not enough for an insanity defense. Curtis was convicted of a murder with a special allegation of sexual assault and received 25 years to life. Although California Youth Authority could only actually hold him until he is 25. What? Which would've been in the year 2000? Oh my God. Four months after Sarah was found, her father went to her grave site, sat vigil all night, then shot and killed himself over her grave. He was only 36 Old. Oh honey.


All of them. Oh, anonymous. That was a really good email. How Did, who was molesting that kid then? You know, like, you don't just become a sexual predator at 12. I mean, he lived in Florida. Any fucking thing that it could have been like a clown in his closet. The worst things happened there. Well, this Will just go to show you how important it is to fund mental health facilities and get people that mental health and the, for the government to not defund and all the goodbye. It's already been defunded. We haven't had that in so long. Right. That's fair. But, but I think it's gonna get this Trump presidency. It's gonna come back. Yeah. Big time. No, for sure. I feel like that Empathetic.


Yep. You know, hold up your brother. Care for others Positive works. That's, it's gonna be happening. Yeah. It's gonna be beautiful. It's a brand new day. All right. This is from Jacqueline and the, of course I read this because all cap subject line is Adirondack nightmare. Full on. Fucked up ladies. Hello. Love the podcast, obviously, but I'll get to right to the point here. My brother told me the story yesterday about his fiance's cousin Fasten your seatbelts motherfuckers. She wrote Motherfuckers soon, my soon to be sister-in-law's cousin was going through some shit.


So her dad suggested she go up to their house in the Adirondacks for a few days to clear her head. God, that sounds nice, Doesn't it? Good. I would love to be there right this second. Let's go. Because also it wouldn't be 105. It Also wouldn't be 105. She, and then also, that would mean someone had money in your family. 'cause having a house in the Adirondacks, that's gotta be like fancy. I mean, don't they have their own chair? The Adirondacks have their, even have their own chair. It's an area of the country that has its own chair And it's a comfy chair. It's Like a how rich you have to be Like, it's a chair that's supposed to, you're supposed to have in mojito in one hand. Yes. You know what I Mean? It's a relaxing in the summertime chair. Absolutely. She went out for a long weekend, had been hearing some noises in the vents and just around the house. But she knew her dad had been having issues with squirrels in the house recently.


I bet It's not squirrels. It's not Squirrels. So she didn't think anything of it and just wrote it off for a few days. Bad idea. Bad idea. That's what that, yeah. Finally, after a few days, she calls her dad and tells him about the noises she's been hearing and he tells her just to call the police to sort it out as you do. She's reluctant at first because she doesn't wanna bother the police if it's nothing. And then she wrote, fuck politeness. But her dad, I don't wanna bother the police. I Don't wanna bother the police's job. It is to check things out. Yeah. So I'm just gonna get murdered. I don't know if that's true, but her dad convinces her to call. So she does listen to a man when he tells you what to do. Oh man. She tells the support. We're just like, that's so angry. We're Just just attacking anyone that comes in the line of Sight.


Sweet Dad, who's like, honey, I'm worried about you calling. Fuck that Dad. Fuck him. Fuck the Adirondack chair. Fuck it all. She tells the police the deal and they say, sure, we'll come check it out. Are you alone in the house? To which she replies Yes. And they say, okay, no problem. We'll come check it out. Just give us a few hours. No more than five minutes later, squad of police cars. Roll up to her house, lights and sirens, ablaze. And then tell her to get out of the house. Now come outside. Turns out there was a fucking man in her basement the entire time. Building a fucking cage to fucking keep her In. No, what? He was building the cage in her house. I get, she had gone on a date with this man a few weeks prior and he had been stalking her ever since.


He followed her upstate and casually fucking began building a goddamn cage to keep her in. This is her fighting in the basement. This is all her in the basement of her own house. I wish I'd say this for last because how are we gonna Be this? No, I know. This is the one to be, the Cops were able to figure it out because when she told them she was alone in the house, they saw or heard. I'm not sure that someone else was on the phone line in the house when I'm yelling, it's all her all caps. But also me freaking the fuck out. They saw that someone else was on the, the phone line in the house. That's some straight out of a scary story. You tell at a slumber party. Shit. She says the Creep that is, it's like, that's an urban legend. Sure. Like, yeah, She probably made it up easy, easy.


Sorry, I don't mean Jackie, I mean the sister. No, I'm sure she's fine. The creepiest thing to me is that this dick weed had plenty of time to do whatever he wanted with this girl, but he was keeping her like a pet until the very right moment to, to do God knows what. Thank God nothing happened to her. And she was able to stay sexy and not get cage murdered. Keep up the good work. Ladies bite. Oh my God. Thank You Jackie. That was fucking Jackie. That was nutso. Yup. That, do you wanna know what that reminded me of? Yes. I just had a recovered memory. No, something that happened to you. Yes. Ooh. But it doesn't, it clearly it's not gonna end. I hope. Hope. It's not that it's Not similar, but this was, I came home from being, so after I lived in Sacramento, I moved back home.


Right. To live with my parents for a year. 'cause I had failed college. I failed life. Right. And so I thought you go back home and live with my parents to just be a failure. That's Always fun. I, I did that too. But I would drive up to Sacramento to hang out with my friends because my whole social circle was, was like an hour and a half away. Really sucked a lot. Yeah. So this one time I came home and I was going to go downtown to meet somebody. I can't remember, it was like a bar or whatever. And I was blow drying my hair. And that also, we had this cat that was acting crazy, just being super weird and flinching and doing weird shit. And I kept going like, what is, why are you doing that? And so I heard a loud noise while I was blow drying my hair.


So I turned the blow dry off and I just stand there. And then I'm hearing like very faint noises. So like, like a tick here. Almost like house settling noises. Yeah. Like someone moving slowly through the house. Yeah. Or just the house settling. Right. Like, I can't tell. Yeah. So I go into my parents' room and they had a, their closet had its own door on it. And I go to open the door. No, don't Open it. And they, it's, it won't open. Like it's like someone's pushing back on the door, Karen. And so I run out of the house, get into my car. Oh my God. I'm Gonna cry and drive to my old house. 'cause we, this was the house we moved into right when I was a teen in the city.


Exactly. I move, I drive out to, and this is also, you know what, maybe I wasn't going out because it was like late at night. It was like 11 o'clock at night. Okay. I go out to my old neighbor, Andy Whittingtons, and I wake him up. Him and his roommate Craig were like sleeping in this weird part of their house. And I'm like, you, there's someone in my house, you have to come with me. Yeah. I get them to come back to the house with me. They're all like, boyed up and like, yeah, let's check this shit out. We go in, we're looking around everywhere and then then Andy goes to open that door, the bath, the closet door. And he opens it and it was like kind of stuck.


Yeah. So I was like, oh, that's probably what it was. Yeah. And then as we're both standing, he's like, it was stuck. You're so stupid. And I'm like, oh yeah. And then I look up and there's one of those attic holes. Yeah. And the attic hole thing is turned to the side. And I was just like, look, I just pointed up at him and he's like, holy fuck. And we ran out and called 9 1 1. Oh my God. And the petal of police, because it's a tiny town. Were there like literally like in two minutes there was a cop walking in my backyard. Holy shit. Like sneaking around. It was crazy. And then I had to give this whole thing and there was no one there and it was no one and it was nothing. And no was something, I don't know why they looked up in the attic.


Like they looked everywhere and it was nothing. It was something, It was so crazy and scary. Also because what, in between the time where I thought someone was pushing back on my parents' closet door, jumping into the car and driving out to the Yeah. Country to get Andy Withington was like one of the scariest things I've ever done. Oh. 'cause you're like, someone's following me. Or in my backseat or, or Just what is happening. Like, but That doesn't make Okay. It, that doesn't make any sense that those, both those things happened together. Especially the second part. Like The only thing is the second part. It could have already been like that. Sure. And I just never knew. It was like one of those things you don't notice. Sure. So what did your parents say? My dad's like, you need to take it easy.


Of course. Thanks dad. My Dad is like, oh, drama. Oh yeah. Men fucking belittling women and their fucking fear. This is the one that Georgia just got militant. Are you ready for everything you could ever want in a murder story? Yeah. Because that's what I got right here from Lauren. Cool. She said, okay, this may end up a little long, but it's totally worth it. I grew up in a small northwest suburb of Chicago my whole life. I've been hearing about the Colombo murders. It happened around the corner from the house I grew up in, but I wasn't born until 10 years later. Here goes in 1976, Patty Colombo and her loser boyfriend DeLuca broke into the home. She grew up in and murdered her mother, father, and 13-year-old brother.


The father Frank was shot by DeLuca and then Bludgeoned with a bowling trophy by Patty. Ooh. That's symbolic. That's not good. Patty's mom, Mary was found cowering in the bathroom. She was shot between the eyes, which medical examiners said killed her before she even hit the floor. And then her throat was slid. Oh honey, you, you know, just to be sure, here's the most fucked up part. And this is bad 'cause it's her 13-year-old brother. Yeah. Her brother, Michael 13, had slept through the initial attack. So Patty and her boyfriend, DeLuca woke him up by shooting at him. Then Patty stabbed her brother 87 times with sewing scissors. Oh my God.


When he was found, officers thought he had a case of the measles, but then they realized his measles were little gashes all over his body. Holy shit. Patty and DeLuca then set the thermostat to 97, left the house. The bodies weren't found until three days later when Patty was informed of the murders. Instead of rushing to their side, she started pointing fingers to potential leads and even tried to tie the mob. Chicago. What up at tie in the mob? Sorry. At the funeral, she was openly flirting with detectives who? With a detective who was playing the role to make Patty Crack. After more digging, they found a bunch of fucked up shit. Like a film of Patty having sex with DeLuca's German Shepherd.


No, no. Oh no. Oh, oh no. And then it'll keep going. Cap, she wrote like, how does that even work? No, No. Oh no, Lauren, this is terrible. This is terrible. Keep, keep going. Well, oh, so her boyfriend, Patty's boyfriend was 36 and she was 16. Shut up. Yep. Ew. And he was married with five kids. What The fuck? Can you imagine? So I'm 36, married with five kids dating a 16-year-old, 16-year-old, all of that, including the kids. Sounds impossible.


It sounds so boring to me. Yep. A 16-year-old. Oh God. You'd be like, oh, aside from Pokemon Go, what do you like? Or like aside from the shooting video game or virtual rea, I don't know, Killing your family wearing Neon pink sunglasses all the time. Oh, you were naming the other thing they liked. Oh yeah. I was killing your whole family. I Was just naming that. Well, me. What more is there than neon pink sunglasses? Now she's a model prisoner who can't read Patty is, she's still in jail. Hmm. What? What year? Oh man, fuck everything. Ugh. Oh, they got indeterminate life sentences, which really means 200 to 300 years.


Holy shit. So good. A little justice got served there. Oh, she also rang a, she ran a prostitution ring in jail. What? This woman sounds diabolical. She is like trying to take the devil's place. Yeah. She's trying to out evil. Good God. Everyone that had, I mean, Lauren, when you said this is, it had everything you could ever want in a murder story. It had a lot of things I did not want. Yeah. Did not want. That's true. Have never wanted. Totally. Okay. This one is from Mary and it's called My Husband's Murder house. Hey George and Karen, I've been bing on your podcast over the past two months of my drive to and from work since I toed my puppy with me so that I can drop him off at doggy daycare.


He's been binge listening too, and his cute puppy face makes it easier to get through the more depressing parts of your podcast picture, please. You two are hilarious though, and I feel much better trained to avoid ever getting murdered. Thanks. Okay, so she has two murders. Let's just try this one and see if it's good enough to get to the second one. Yeah. Yeah. The first took place my husband's previous house and he, my husband met the murderer. My husband sold his home near Columbus, South Carolina to Sherick and Kia Miller. The sound made up in 2012, about a year before we met, the couple appeared to be very happy and moved into the house with their two small children.


Skip ahead a year or so in January, 2014. She's, mother hadn't heard from him in several days and went to his house to check on him. She found the two children aged three and one so sad dead in their beds. Oh. And the couple dead in their bed just down the hall. According to the police investigation, the mother and two children had been shot in the head by the father, husband, and then Sherick turned the gun on himself and committed suicide. Oh, a little crazy to believe, especially since no one suspected anything was wrong with the family. They held Bible studies in their home and church members said they didn't show any signs of having problems. Same from the neighbors. What About holding Bible studies in your home? What about inviting people into your home?


Like fucking psychopaths. Get out of my home. I Mean, I'm getting my carpet cleaned and I wanna charge tomorrow, and I wanna charge everyone who's ever been in my apartment to get my carpet cleaned. Oh, That's a good idea, isn't it? Yeah, it's just, yeah. I'll give you like $7. Perfect. Thank you. Steven. You in for a couple bucks. I'll give you five. Thank you. Oh yeah. Okay. Let's see. Kia's sister came forward shortly after though, and stated that Kia had talked to her about Schick's, overbearing control of her, but that since he wasn't violent towards her Kia, thought she'd be okay. One positive of the story is that Kia's sister is now sharing her sister's abuse story and her own experiences in an abusive relationship with others in, in an effort to help women in the same situation.


The other story is a little more unnerving for me, and a warning to single ladies to be very careful about who you get involved with. I'm sorry, now I'm, I have to read it. What I'm, the other story is more unnerving than the story you just read, I think. Should I? Oh, you might as well. I Mean, this is a, this is a fucking, yeah. This is a fucking shit show. This Is a, everything is going wrong. Show E. Episode 42 is an Abject Failure. Yep. It's called, this episode's gonna be called Abject Failure, right? Yes. The victim, Jennifer Wilson was my professor for a graduate course, and I wanna express that she was an intelligent, compassionate, caring, and beautiful woman who I had the greatest respect for.


I'm gonna guess she's dead now, probably, right? I mean, anyways. And she just talks about something totally different. Yeah. And the loss of her life impacted a lot of people. She was brutally killed by Hank Hayes on in 2011. She had met Hank Hayes through a dating site, and they dated on and off for a little while. Hayes, H-A-W-E-S is Hayes, or is that Ha Hayes. Right. How ha. H-A-W-E-S. Hawes. Hawes was a little obsessed with Jennifer though, and not in a good way. I mean, one's a good way. I mean, she picked up on this and made an effort to end the relationship. If he refused to let her move on, he would constantly text her and wouldn't leave her alone.


He showed up to her home in the middle of the night one evening and attacked her. One of her neighbors heard her pleading for her life and called the police when they arrived. Jennifer had been stabbed 12 times in her neck and upper body and had defensive wound on wounds on her arms. Her body and hair had been clean. She was unclothed wrapped in a duvet cover and placed on her couch. Haws was still in the home. His clothes soaked in blood and he had slit his wrist in an attempt to commit suicide. He was tried for Jennifer's murder and it only took the jury 30 minutes to determine he was guilty. Wow. He is currently serving a life sentence without parole. Ugh. What a wrenched, man. Ladies, watch out for yourselves. Hug your puppies and cats and don't get murdered.


Thanks again for the awesome podcast. Mary, I feel like I saw that story on where the guy is like on an ID channel, like some kind of stalking show. Yeah, because Oh Yeah, there, there's those stalked, awful stalk Shows. I mean, they have every version of every horrible thing that's happened to people as a series. 'cause the bleep, did I marry? I mean, that's A show. What about Swamp Kin or something like That? Or Swamp. Swamp Killers or Something? Swamp Killers just only, only murders and swamps. They have just ones of siblings only. What else is there? People who have used mason jars only to kill people.


Oh, you mean Martha? Martha Stewart Murders. It's called sha, the Shabby Chic Murders. She thought she was classy, but she was just cheap. Turns out she Wanted a light stain on her old bookcase. And that would be the end of her That then, but then instead, this stain was of blood on her carpet. It would be fun to be in one of those, in those voiceover people. Yeah. For the ID channel. Yeah. Because you kind of talk like this and then you talk like this and the Reality Is, and then it's scary down here. Everything's fine and you're wonderful. But Then, but then you go into the basement And something happens.


Okay, we're back from a really solid set of hometowns in which one of them Yes. Is definitely a A creepy pasta, fake fucking story that I thought, Yeah, that happens. The thing is, we're not 14. No. So we won't have our eye out for things like that. As soon As I was listen, re-listening to it, I was like, how did I not know he was not building a cage in the basement and called the cops? And the cops knew like, what the Fuck? But it's not unreasonable. 'cause then I go on to tell the Todd Coop murder story, who is a person who kept women in That's right. In basically in containers. Right? What are those things called? Shipping containers. It's not outta the question. That's a really good point.


No, I think what we learned is that at all, if anyone's sister-in-law said this is true, it's not true. Right. We need it from like the fir the source or like the next door neighbor, not the like Yeah. When it's too perfect a like plot. Yeah. With the details too perfectly creepy. Yeah. And it's not first person. Yeah. Or like some Sort of you can pin here. Removed Once removed, yeah. Is all we can do. Right? We need to verify and we're supposed to trust, but we don't. That's how we do it over here. But there are some updates. Yeah. My second story was about the Colombo murders. The update is just that Frank DeLuca died in prison in 2023, and Patty Colombo is still in prison.


She was just denied parole in 2024. Wow. So, yeah. Horrifying. Yeah. All right. Let's get into more hometowns.


Hey Karen. I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not Ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh Yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twist and turns. Their vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You Can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard Forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this Is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God, once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes and delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly Combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user-friendly. Like You don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like, there's no worry there. Look at that near dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder. To get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye


Spring is in the air, and that means open Windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars Love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But With Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I Get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/fav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Do you wanna do one more? Are you done? Done? I mean, then let's See. I think I marked one more. Okay. I, why don't you, let's see. Why don't you, Why don't, Oh, wait, I just found another one. Okay, you Go. Ready? Oh, this is, this is one that I got excited when I saw, because it, we already talked about this, but it's firsthand. So from Stephanie and the subject line is, the story is everything. My favorite Murder Dreams slash Nightmares are made of Hello ladies. First and foremost, I love your podcast and I can't get enough. I recently started listening and my, and got my mom hooked too. Yay. I'm pretty sure.


Hi. Hey. I'm pretty sure my husband is deeply unsettled by this and doesn't understand my true crime fascination. I feel like those three tho, that's a trifecta. Someone finds it, they tell their mom, their husband is freaked out by them. Yeah. Like that keeps happening. Yeah. I love It. I think that's how great marriages are built. Yeah. So my hometown murder is probably something you've seen in the news recently. And it takes place mainly in Spartanburg, South Carolina. Is it? I said north, but it's south. Yes. Todd Kohl Hep has been charged with kidnapping Kala Brown or Kayla Brown Kala, and keeping her chained by the neck and ankles for two months inside a metal storage container on his property. Did I mention Kayla lived down the street from me in Anderson, South Carolina, as if it wasn't horrifying enough.


Turns out he's a full fledged serial killer and a bunch of bodies and, and they found a bunch of bodies buried on his property. In 1987, Todd Kohl Hep was convicted in Arizona for kidnapping and sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl. He was only 15 at the time of the crime. What? Oh, I didn't see that. It's Really nice when we talk vaguely about something and then someone comes in with the facts, with facts and fills them in for us. It's great. And we don't even have to do any research. I love this. Me too. Coop served 14 years in prison Wow. For this crime, and registered as a sex offender. When he got out, he decided to resettle in South Carolina where he purchased 100 secluded acres of land. That's always a good sign.


Red Flag, red flag. Add that to the red flag list. Ugh. It's Long, secluded acres of land over 10 secluded acres. You don't need it. You don't need that many. Okay. I don't even know what that looks like. It's too really big. Yeah. And it's only for cows And Storage Containers. She Said. Can he be any more murdery? How was he allowed to do this? I mean, I guess it wasn't near a school or park, but just furthers the case for staying outta the damn woods. He became a real estate agent. Oh, why does that? For some reason, that really bothers me because He's around people all the time. Families, and this I remember and Chelsea Yes.


And houses the, she was working for him. Oh. Eventually starting his own company and employing as many as 10 other agents. Do you have to disclose your sex offender status to your employees? If you're The boss, you probably don't. Right? I don't know. So how do you feel about working for, she's like writing a play. So how do you feel about working for a violent sex offender? Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah. That you should, You can just go on and live your normal life. I would think that you do have to notify. He just didn't. I bet he, I bet it was on the record somewhere. So if you searched sex offenders in your area, he would come up. Right. But I bet he doesn't have to tell them if he's the boss. Right. Ugh. Maybe kids. But then if kids like your kid comes to the office, fuck, man.


I mean, I mean, clearly this guy wasn't fucking following the rules to begin with. So, Yeah. And here's the thing. If you're, if you're, if you just got a new job, you wanna check LinkedIn, you wanna check Sex offenders? The sex offenders registry? Yeah. Just do it. Just do it. Anyways. On August 31st, K Brown and Charlie Carver, who live right up the street from me went missing. Missing when they answered an ad for CO to do some work, help cleaning up the property. When they arrived, he pulled the gun and took them hostage. He immediately shot and killed Charlie and buried him in a shallow grave next to where the shipping container. Oh, so she Knew Where? Yeah. She did. Where call was chained up for over two months, two days after the couple went missing, Anderson County Police started pinging Kyla's cell phone, which eventually led police to Kohl's property.


It took them two weeks to get a search warrant. They started with flyovers of the property before taking their search to the ground. Police eventually heard Kala pounding on the storage container and found, and they found her unharmed. Shortly after Kala was rescued, police realized they were dealing with serial killer. They have since found three other bodies. Jesus, on the property. He also confessed to a 13-year-old case where four employees at a Spartansburg motorcycle shop were shot in the back in broad daylight with no witnesses. I mean, what in the actual fuck Google it. There is a weird, there is, there is weird shit coming out daily on this guy. Dude, I am a transplant from Chicago and am seen often as the northern aggressor who won't say hi to anyone.


But this further proves your argument of fuck politeness. Apologize later. I do not need help with my groceries. I don't wanna start small. Talk over my accent. And thank you Todd Coop for ruining nature. Thanks for taking the time to read my story. Stay out of the woods. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Stephanie, what the, that was crazy. Great. I wonder who the other bodies are and I wanna look up that fucking shooting. Right. I love when like, okay, like the, the murder I'm, I know I'm gonna do in Chicago, like I, there's one of two, but these like huge crimes that people don't, when there's like a mass shooting and people are like, how? Like the yogurt shop Murder. Yeah. It's like, how the fuck do we still not know who did these? And then just some guy confesses and it's like, okay, yeah, we would've never found this person.


Yeah. He has no links, no ties. It's Just some random person that's living to escape these evil things they've done. Totally. And moving away, like moving to South Carolina, moving to the countryside so that they, so that, I mean, at first when I, when this story broke, they were like, we found a, this kidnapped girl. Then it was like, I was so happy for her. You know? Like it's, her life's gonna suck and be awful and hard to get through, but she can get through it. And I was, when there's, when there's a survivor story, I'm so fucking relieved. Unhappy. But it's just not, it's not, I mean, her boyfriend was killed next to her, you know, probably. And as an intimidation thing for her and Bury, oh, what a fucking, I mean, who knows?


Who knows. No, it's hugely huge trauma and insane. But she did live and that's totally, that's that is amazing. Wow. 'cause that those are the stories. I mean, there's four other bodies on his property. Yeah. Or three other bodies on his property and four people he killed in a motorcycle shop. She's so lucky. I know. So lucky to be alive. God bless her. As Karen would say. Amen. Good bless. Good. Bless her. Good. Bless her. Sh how long should we do one short, one more and then, and then have charity corner? Sure. Okay. All right. This is called My Hometown Horror Rah. Hi. Hey. I'm new to your podcast. Nice work by the way. And I don't know if you're still wanting stories about hometown murders.


Oh, we are. But here's mine if you want it or not. I want you, Casey, I want you to be more confident. Casey, I feel like you feel very vulnerable sending in this murder. Yeah. And we got you, baby. Yeah. You don't need to make yourself small. No. We're here with you. Celebrate good times. Come on, Come on, Come on. So Casey says, back when I was about six or seven, something happened that shook our town to this day. A 17-year-old girl went out for a run on endless country roads in this area. Dumbass. Never run alone. Like, how do you not know that? It was the nineties? Well, not surprisingly, she went missing years and years went by. Flash forward to 2010, another jogger finds this trash bag on the side of the road.


Oh. For whatever reason, this weirder decides to look into the bag inside work. It's like there's all victims. Yeah. Everyone's a fucking idiot. Chay Hates everybody. She Sounds like me. Inside were some of the remains of the woman dismembered and shoved into the bag. Upon further investigation, four more bags were found scattered around the country county, not country county, all containing the same woman's pieces. Fucking hell. It was that girl that had gone missing in the nineties, grown up and fucking dismembered grown up. Wait, the girl who had was a teenager and went missing in the fucking nineties. Oh, This wasn't her teenage body.


This was her Corona. This was her. This is what it looks like. Some fucked up fuck. Kidnapped. That girl held her for almost 20 years. Oh, murdered her. This is a sad ending that your last story then fucking dismembered her and threw her in the side ditch. Yep. That's what happened here. Nothing had happened before that. And nothing has happened since. The fucker was never caught. And the poor family never got any answers. He lives in town clearly. Right. You wouldn't bring her all the way back to town 20. You look so sad. I well, I just don't, I mean, I don't, I don't have a theory except for it's so dark. It's just like So dark. The 20 years are horrible.


But what really screws up my mind is that this Randall kept this innocent girl alive somewhere close to this town for almost 20 years. That's a worst thing. No one was able to find and save her how terrible it must have felt to be her and not be able to get help for that long. Also, how sad for her family to realize that. No, it's so awful. And then said also what possesses someone to hold someone hostage for that long and then all of a sudden kill them. What could have happened to make him snap and murder her after so long? Okay. I'll stop thinking about it and let you guys mu this over. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Well, I mean, aren't these always the questions that come up that cannot be answered? They, it's the reason that everybody's interested in this stuff and Yeah.


I mean, what kind of monster, what does he look like? Does he look like, have you seen pictures of Todd coup the other guy? Yeah. That he's really big. Yeah. Like he's a very, very large, is large man. Yeah. I just wonder, like after 20 years, like don't you get attached some to the, to the, your victim at some point? Not if you're a psychopath or sociopath. Right, right. No way. Which you would have to be to do that. I mean, no, it's, They found her adult body. I was not expecting that. I thought maybe they would find her. You like she had been kept somewhere as a dead teen body. It's just a new low Poor sweet angel.


Poor, sweet little. Oh man. Well, like, well, we went up for a little while and then we just went raw. We went right back down. Back down. What do we expect? I Don't know. Well, I feel just as awful. How about you? Yeah. I feel pretty bad. Well, at the end of the show, now we're doing one good thing, saying one good thing that happened to us This week. Oh yeah. What good thing happened to you This Week? Nothing, but, but I wanna say that I, Karen, we donated some money as my favorite murder. Oh. Today, I, so Brian Safi and Aaron Gibson from the Throwing Shade podcast started posting on Instagram just screen grabs of the, the, the charities they were just donating to.


And it was just like, just do this. Just do like, they kept posting places that they were donating to. And I was like, all right. You know what? I feel like shit, I'm gonna try that. So I did a couple and I did one as my favorite murder to the National Coalition against Domestic Violence. Great. So we did that. That's one good thing. That's Perfect. Right? That's a great thing. Yeah. Yeah. Money counts. Spend your money wisely. Yeah. And if you don't have money to give, just give blood or become a dome marrow transplant. I'm on the dome marrow transplant. Are you do, are you a dome marrow? I'm a donner. What did I say? Wow. I didn't even catch that. Do marrow shit, man.


And can I point out, I've been drinking water this whole time. Yeah. I'm not even, it's So cold. So I mean, I'm, you're just shit based. But I'm just haven't been drinking. But you're just drinking water. Yeah. Bone marrow transplant donor list And blood. But try to give money. You're just like, give Every possible thing. Just give it all away. You know what it is? Just try to do things for other people. That's actually, it really is. Yeah. Something that makes people feel better is when you make human connection and you help out. Yep. Be a helper. I Think that's a great idea. It's also something that I, I have to say like I, I'm not that good at because I'm always like time and Oh. And it's pain or my comfort or whatever.


Yeah. I feel like that's something I would like to do better at. Which is like, that's the whole idea of like volunteering is sacrifice and you're supposed to be kind of giving Yeah. Of yourself. It's supposed to be time off of your couch where you're not comfortable. Yeah. That's the whole idea. Yeah. Yeah. Well go go. You guys. Go do something good for someone. Yeah. And it'll make you feel better about how fucked up everything is. Right. Is that how It happens? Right. Let us know if it works. Yeah. Hey Elvis, come in here. Thanks for listening you guys. We hope. We hope, you know we have hope. Stay sexy and Don't get murdered.


Elvis, do you want a cookie? Come on, man. Oh man. El Mimi. You want a cookie? Mimi? No. Mom. Mimi. Wanna be my friend? Elvis Cookie. Hi. Cookie. Cookie. I think I heard him. Cookie. I mean, see, look. Go. Yeah, there. Yeah. Here it comes. Here it goes. Elvis. You want a cookie? You want kindly? You want a cookie? Take your time. Well, now you're gonna have to wait for a cookie. Yeah. Just kidding. Cookie. Cookie. He's like, yeah, all, bye.


Bye. Okay, we're back. So, Karen, any updates? The update is just that the story was still unfolding when I was talking about it in this 2016 episode. 400 episodes later, I do the Deep Dive, which is the Super Bike murders case in episode 4 58. It's called The Demands are incredible. That episode and you get the entirety of the story, which is actually kind of cool. Yeah. That like the story had just broken of finding Kayla totally brown on her, his property. And then this is basically like now here's everything they know. Yeah. That was wild. Including a cold case. Yeah, Totally. That was a great story.


I'm You did a great job in that one. Thank you. That is episode 4 58. So I mean, Abject Failure is a pretty great name for this episode. So perfect. But a look, a couple other options in case, 'cause we always need options. Like you said, you called it Greetings Corner was meeting people at the acupuncturist or Madewell or whatever. Yeah, yeah. And then we could also call it bloated as a balloon about sugar-free gummy bears. Those dreaded things Forever. I mean, that should be the title, just because that was the episode bloated as A balloon. It was a diarrhea episode. There's also justin@timberlake.com, which was your joke about Right?


It's a famous person's email. That is so funny. Right? Oh my gosh. And also, what about the lesson of, we've been through this before, people stick together and keep their heads on straight, like people are coming out and showing up and rising up and it's really amazing to see. So all is not lost. Yep. Love it. Thanks for listening and we will talk at you soon. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.


Hey friend. I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses. Directed individual results may vary.