
This is exactly right.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle, a small community, and the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betz, Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery, all new Wednesdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


Boo. I'm Lisa Traeger. Woo. I'm Kara k Clank and we're the hosts of the True Crime Comedy podcast that's messed up an SVU podcast. And this fall we're bringing the show on the road for our spooky season tour. You can find us doing tricks and treats in Denver, Phoenix, San Diego, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Portland Just. like the podcast, we'll cover an episode of Law and Order SVU, but so much more PowerPoints Games, audience participation, a costume competition go to that's messed up. live.com for tickets, and we'll see you there. Done. Done.


Hello And. Welcome to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This is our new special episode where we come to you on Wednesdays. We sneak up behind you and start whispering in your ear to discuss our old episodes starting from 2016. It's a recap of our own show That's right on rewind. We play the old episode, but we also reflect on the past. Let You know if and when we messed up and update you on developments on the cases we covered. And today we're going all the way back to episode 12. We named it Our Bodies Our Twelves, which made me laugh out loud just now. Oh, brilliant. That's a real a plus.


It's from Wednesday, April 13th, 2016. And the theme of this episode, we are still doing themes at the time, is murders. That kicked off our obsession with true crime. So Good, Right? Yeah. I mean it's the theme of the show. It's It Is it's what we landed on. So go Get your favorite intern, a crosswalk attendant, and maybe just also your dog. And invite them to listen along because now we can all be day one listeners. Okay, let's go to the intro of episode 12. Our Bodies are twelves. Yay. Name that tune. Do You know that song? What's that? That's the beginning of a song.


It's an eighties song. Yeah, it's, I'll do it for, okay. I'm doing marching rhythm. I see that Arms. Yeah. No. What is that Thorn in my side by the ear of Max. now I feel stupid. Oh no. It's great. If everyone could see the marching, they would understand how Grace Someone At home is yelling. Let's, There was someone that got it on the first note. Totally. The reason I was doing that everybody is because Georgia has gotten these beautiful mic covers. So. now we can pop our peas. We can pop any peas. We please Pop our peas and sing our song. Welcome to My favorite murder, The most professional murder podcast Slash sports announcing podcast slash slash distant video game music And singing.


It's gonna be, This is gonna, it's gonna take the internet by storm. This new combination of entertainment. Do You think they can hear the, like the shooting helicopter video game noise coming from the apartment downstairs? I don't know. There is a video game being played with that kind of really high pressure music and definitely some version of murder happening in that video game. It's A wall shaking like war video game one, one would think I would be rich enough to buy a house. You will Be. And yet, Very soon there goes a motorcycle. There Goes a fucking motorcycle. Is the motorcycle in the video game or is that separate? That was separate.


Okay. I mean I've learned to ignore it. And then I realized that we're recording something and it's like, oh, that's embarrassing. I think people Like ambient sound. It makes it real. They know we're real. We're street. We're real as fuck. We're as fucking real as they get like in this apartment complex. They're real as they're Super real. Let's talk about the woman who was found in a dump in a recycling bin. I mean, I guess recycling bin is better than a trash can. Also idiotic. You should have put her in a trash bin. I Don't know if I can, I don't know if It, is it better? Yeah. I mean it's like It's more organic.


I just feel bad. This woman it from Seattle. She has three kids. Oh, she's just given dating another shot. Ugh. She's just trying to find someone who will love her and like her kids. Are you trying to make me cry? Because I will start, I'm, that's my, that was my mom and she goes out with this guy to a fucking, whatever the sports team is in Seattle game and Seahawks Hey, and then goes missing Mariners. Oh, There we go. And then gets fucking found. That's the worst. It's awful. It's heartbreaking. Do You know if it was match.com? I don't. Tinder. I dunno what, I don't know what dating site it was, but I know they had gone out a couple times, so he wasn't like, it wasn't like a warning, like, don't go out with strangers.


It was like knew This was don't work with person. So it was Christian Mingle Or J Date and like they showed a photo of the guy and I would never have guessed he was a psychopath. What Is it about the Pacific Northwest? Oh, I mean seriously. This is like, I always think of Twin Peaks where it's like haunted forest dude, bad spears emanating from an ancient site and then going into downtown Seattle and just fucking up lives. There's so much land in which to bury and hide people. There's depression because the weather is so fucking Yeah. Dark, right? Like yes. Dark thought thoughts. Everyone, everyone there has seasonal effective disorder all year round Sort of thing across the board.


It's called Depression. It's called depression. Everyone's got it and it makes them serial kill. No, it's heavy. It's, I, I have to say, the couple times I've been to Seattle, I've had a lovely time and it's been in the summer, It's so beautiful. I can't stand it. But it's always the, it's like LA people go there in the summer and then they're like, what are they saying about Seattle? Everyone's wrong. And then you leave. I have a, I have a message for everyone in other parts of the country. Okay. We moved to Los Angeles. It's sunny. Literally it's, it's what you make fun of. It's constantly sunny. Yeah. There's no seasons. Which I mean. You're like, I love seasons, but you love it until mid-February. Yeah.


And it's kind of dirty. Yeah. But in a way that makes you feel like you, you're gonna be okay. And Would you rather get dismembered or just like get a random bullet on the freeway in your head? I mean pick One. Karen, pick one right Now. Yeah. Yeah. Random bullet. Random Bullet. Yeah. Although once you're dead, the dismemberment doesn't affect you, but It affects your family. No, that's very true. Also, stuffing someone into a garbage can of any kind is such an, a aggressive act of, there's so much hatred in that act. And it's also, it's vile. It's amateur hour too Because like What do you, of course they're gonna find this, They're gonna find that. Which maybe he wanted that to happen.


Yeah. Did. So he got caught. I think they immediately like just went on her computer. I think so what I think happened is it wasn't, it wasn't premeditated. Oh, You know what I mean because He snapped. Because If he, if someone has that much information about you on their computer and like match that, you were going out with that person that night and you went missing from there. Yeah. Something went wrong. Clearly it's gonna come straight back to you. Clearly you have an anger issue and you snapped. Ugh. Here's the thing. Fuck everyone. Right. That's, we should have said that right at the beginning. This podcast should be called, here's the thing. Fuck everyone. Here's the thing. Everyone fuck everyone. Except for you guys. Except thanks for listening.


Except For our 2,800 plus members on our fucking Jesus Facebook group. It's grown like a wildfire and no One is a pervert. It's the best. Wow. Just the one that one guy. No One acts like a Pervert, right? Oh yeah. Exactly. It's, they keep their pri per per private. They, Their private parts pervert. Everyone. The Facebook group is like my, my, my bloodline. I love it so much. People keep like taking quotes from us and putting them in beautiful settings. Oh, my Georgia keeps texting me the quotes that that play into my ego where somebody puts somebody put a quote of mine from this podcast over a sundial, which made it look so regal.


Yeah. And like it was like wisdom from the ages. Yeah. I mean like the the, the font is beautiful. Yeah. It's terrible. It's like papyrus. So it looks real. People Are just really hitting it outta the park in terms of their participation. It makes us so excited. Yeah. Please go join the Facebook group. Yeah, It's good times. I mean it doesn't do any, it does nothing for us. But make her happy. Like we're not gaining anything out of It. No, I don't think so. Not yet. Anyway. I mean, we'll, we'll figure out a way to monetize it. We're gonna hunt all of you down and make us buy a Thank. you buy a T-shirt. But right now we're just having fun. We actually are talking about getting t-shirts made. So This is, This is gonna be a real dividing line that the hardcore people you will buy and wear a T-shirt that says My favorite murder on the front of it.


And then that's gonna weed out the weak of the people who say, I don't know if I can commit to public mur love of murder. And then the fucking hardcore people are gonna come to the live shows. We eventually have. Yes. because we are definitely talking about doing live shows here in Los Angeles. Yeah. So we would love to see you if that's something you'd be interested in participating in. Love for you to come. Let us, let Us know on the Facebook group if you'd come. Yeah. We'll make it worth your while. I'm really excited about this, this topic, this episode. Yeah. Because I, I see you have, usually you have this, these like this crazy serial killer notebook full of writing Of my seven writing. Yeah. And I think we both, and I usually have a few pages printed up, but we both have a, like a li only a little dialogue because, or a little writing because the dialogue around It is gonna be intense.


Yes. Because This week we decided to go the topic is the one that started it all. And that is, somebody actually guessed this on the Twitter page. I'm sorry. Yes. I can't remember. They don't want their names known anyways. That's true. But he said it was a guy and he said, why don't you guy, you guys should do that. And I think maybe hearing us, 'cause we mentioned something about that last week, I don't even know if we did because you texted it to me randomly. He, and that day he was like, you guys should do the one that made you interested in murder. I felt creepy. Like we talked about it on the last episode, but maybe I could definitely be wrong. But My memory is shit. I know. Mine is too. I have no idea. but it, it doesn't matter because that was super ESP on his part because that we, that's what I had texted to Georgia and that is what we were talking about This week.


The serial killer or the murder that kicked off our fascination with murder. It is rough. Like hearing that the way we discussed the victim that got put in a trash can. Yes. Yes. It is rough. And we've changed, thankfully. I mean that I think it's a real reflection of two, two gals having fun and thinking nobody else would ever hear this. Right. and we were basically You know feeling around for like, what are, what is this and what are we doing? Yeah. And it didn't take long and it's, it truly is thanks to the audience and audience feedback where we started to really get a sense of like, wait a second, people are listening.


And This is, there's things that you can make jokes about and things you can't. Yeah, Absolutely. I'm glad we did that. And, and in this one we read a letter from a listener correcting us for Exactly. That sort of thing. So You know, Which I think is really, that was a great lesson because we were saying prostitute, that's all we were reading. Yeah. Or seeing anywhere. Right. Or hearing on true crime shows. And then someone wrote in and said, Hey, it would be way better if you started saying sex workers. Yeah. And it made complete sense. Yeah. We did it. We did it. So let's see, we get the classic, I guess This is the first time I ever said, here's the thing. Fuck everyone. Yeah. Which was like one of my favorite things to say at the time in my life. You know, 36 years old and fucking hating everything.


Sure. Well also it was a reaction to that horrible story. Yeah, exactly. So it was sometimes I, I feel like we would find ourselves in those moments of like, God This is bad. And then it just like, well I guess we'll just try to button it and move on. Right. Let's see. Facebook has 2,800 members and then we said that they're putting quotes and funny stuff we say on back on cute backgrounds. And now we know that that's called listener art. It's listener art. and we have boxes and boxes of it here at the studio and we are decorating the studio with them. So if you have something you wanna send to us, feel free. I remember the very first listener art that I could, I was so impressed by it. And it was George's quote, live laugh, learn to levitate, which, and then it was just put on the most gorgeous, gorgeous background.


Yeah. Like a sunset in the forest or something. And I was just like, This is the shit Top, top notch. Yeah. Top tier. So good. Okay. So let's go back to episode 12 for Georgia story about the attempted murder of David Rothenberg.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle a small community. And the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betz, Courtney v Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery, all new Wednesdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


This Podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery And not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about It? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For My favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit and you'll get a free proof 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was My favorite murder, who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Do you wanna go first? Do You wanna go first? Whatever you want. I think you went first last time. Okay. But I might cry. Really? Yeah. This one fucked me up. Okay. For life. Okay. Want Me to go first? Yeah. Okay. This Is Georgia, but can anyone tell our voices apart? I dunno. This is a lisp, the intense lisp. And the one who says who love it, We're like eight minutes in. You're like, This is Georgia. You don't know. Oh. Someone was like, someone drew caricatures of us on the Facebook group and they're like, I don't know what Karen and Georgia look like, but in my mind, This is what we, they look like and we, we just looked like it was hilariously ridiculous. And someone was like, just look at their ins. Like look at them on like Google them.


They're both like public figures, which I was like so charmed that someone just found it and doesn't even care what we look like. Did I have curly hair? Just by chance. It's always been my dream. We both, we Both, we both looked a little bit like Kathy from the cafe cartoons. God bless. I was like, amen. I like, I feel, in my mind I look like a little more like Pat Bonar. But really the reality is that like fucking Kathy Reality is always Kathy. Reality Is Hack. Hack. Alright. So, so the one that started it all for me is actually an attempted murder. Okay. But I feel Like it's the same thing. 'cause it's, it was attempted, it was like supposed to be murder. And it happened in 1983 and I was, Hold on.


Okay. Say the name right now. You say it. This is 1, 2, 3. Diane down David Rothenberg. Oh, thank God. Who's that? Is that yours? Yeah, that's mine. Oh shit. Oh my God. And mine ing 1983. Shut your face. I swear to God. Is it attempted or real? Well there was one. Oh no, no. It's a mix. That's why I was like just staring at you like, holy shit. One of these days. One of these days we're gonna get the same one. Okay. Sorry. I think we should like set a, like a rule that if we get, I forget the same one, like something crazy has to happen Is we should have a third murder in an envelope that we just ran. Have someone else randomly print up and then we just have to read.


Wouldn't that be funny if we had like random murder that We don't even know? Oh my God. That's fair. That was, that's very weird. That Was crazy. Okay. So in 1983 in Orange County, which is where I'm from, so I was only like, I was almost four at the time. So my parents needed to stop watching the news because I fucking saw this entire thing in November. It from when I was three, fuck in 1983, a 6-year-old You know, so it's around my age, named David Rothenberg was brought to a motel near Knot Berry farm. Oh. Which is in Buena Park, California by his father Charles Rothenberg, who was taking him. His parents had divorced, he was taking him on an authorized visit.


And that night, David or Charles, the father got in a fight with the mom on the phone and said to her, if I can't have him, nobody else can. And then, and This is stuck with me since I was four. He gave the dad, gave David a sleeping pill. You ready for this? Poured kerosene on his bed. Oh, I remember this story. Yeah. Kissed him goodbye and struck a match as he stood in the door. He watched from a telephone booth across the street as the fucking Phil. He said he was, he was going to kill himself too, but he was too much of a coward.


You fucking light your fucking child on fire. But you're too much of a coward to kill yourself. No, You're not a coward. You're a sociopath. You're, you're psychopath A piece of shit. So thankfully a bunch of people in the motel dragged him from the inferno. Hes I mean the pain that this kid went through. He suffered third degree burns over 90% of his body. O he's not supposed to live. If you see photos of him day, I don't wanna, I really don't wanna say his new name 'cause he changed his name 'cause he didn't want his dad's last name. It feels a little like salacious. Yes. But you can find him. And I, I, I remember seeing him in updates in the newspaper throughout the years.


Especially because, so the dad was convicted of attempted murder, arson and other charges. Karen, guess how many years he got? Oh God. Is it gonna be something like six More than that? But it's 1213. Ugh. So I remember in 1990, I remember I wrote, I distinctly remember the newspaper article was, that was a photo of the kid with like, who's You know a little older now looking behind his back. And it's like, if this guy gets set free, he'll always look behind his back and see if he's there. And the actually the dad said in 1990 when he was supposed to be let outta jail, do I deserve to be set free?


And he said, no, it's an unforgivable act like he even knew that he should not have fucking been sent free. And I remember, I like, so my parents divorced when I was five and so my dad got custody of us like every other weekend. And I feel like it fucked up my relationship with my dad. Yeah. 'cause this You know this guy could have been a drug addicted fucking crazy person already, but which my dad isn't. And wasn't. But in my mind it was like just someone's dad. Yeah. Someone's daddy. Yes. And he, and he was still able to do this to him. So it really fucked me up for the rest of my life. Wow. And actually, weirdly, David, the kid, the person who became a father figure to him, which is Hilarious, is Michael Jackson heard of their horrific circumstances surrounding David's accident and reached out to him and they become life.


They became lifelong friends. Which is like another So sad. It's very well it's sad, but it doesn't necessarily I mean nothing happened. I Don't think anything happened ever. I ever don't think so either. I don't think, I think Michael Jackson was inappropriately comfortable, but I don't think he was. I think he had an incorrect sense of what you were supposed to do. Like I think he had an incorrect sense of himself. Yes. And and of, and I think he wanted to be around children. 'cause he still wanted to be a Child. Yeah. And I think he was protecting this kid who suddenly just like that got a, a lesson of what it's like in the real world.


Yeah. Which is horrific and terrible. And the person that you trust You know sets you on fucking fire. I mean it's, I I feel like I know that story because it's probably because of the Michael Jackson part. Yeah. Or probably because it was like a one of those stories. But like, didn't, didn't he go on to like speak at schools? Yeah. He's like a Well he, yeah. He's a, he's a pretty, he's a pretty big advocate. He does a lot of adv advocacy. Yeah. You know. He's turned it in into good. Yeah. He speaks out against child abuse and all these things. And he's finally You know when your body is burned over 90%, you're you have chronic pain.


Yeah. Constantly. And he found someone who was able to relieve that and he's like an advocate for that. And it's just so, but his dad served less than seven years of that sentence. Oh my God. Yeah. He settled in Oakland in 1990, but then he was arrested that January and charged with the attempted murder of an, of a man and being a felon in possession of a gun. So I don't know where he is now, but I bet it's not in jail. Well, oh God. Yeah. It fucked me up. The divorce thing and this and the, like, my dad had us every other every summer for a couple weeks and would take his places and it was very stressful for him.


And I feel like it clouded my childhood a little bit. Like this was a thing that divorced parents This is how they reacted sometimes. Yeah. That, That was a even just a possibility. Yeah. Especially because it was You know 20 minutes from my home. Yeah. Well, it's uncomfortable enough and hard enough for little kids. They don't understand why it's happening. Yeah. Every, it's like the whole world changes, so why wouldn't that change too? Yeah. Like how can you feel safe? Yeah. My mom is angry at my dad and This is stressful for my dad. And so people react crazy and it's unexpectable or unexpected and You know. Oh it so Heavy adults.


Adults make it complicated and kids have an You know, have an easy solution to everything. Yeah. I'm sorry. No, it's, it was a terrible start in the world of murder for you. So that was a start. And then, and then Unsolved Mysteries was a thing that somehow my parents let me watch. What the fuck Were you a latchkey child as well? Oh, I was latchkey kidding. Yeah. Yeah, me too. You Just do whatever you want when you're a latchkey kid. Nothing. and we I mean, I talk about this all the time, but like kids today and even young people today don't understand Oh yeah. How it was the wild West for kids in the seventies and eighties. It was just like nothing was, nothing was thought of through a child's eyes.


Nobody was like, Hey, maybe we should throw up a warning before this show to be like, don't watch this if you're home by yourself. I learned, I learned how glamorous being bulimic was from lifetime movies. Yes. You know. That's right. That Jennifer Jason Lee. Yeah. Bulimia movie taught everyone how to do bulimia. I Learned that relationships had to be insane and rocky from 9 0 2 1. Oh. Like they had to be dramatic and fucked up and crazy. Yep. And then when I was like 22, I was like, oh, wait a minute. They can just be happy and it's fine. Like I don't have to to have like, It might even be better like A tar riff in the background. I only get like when I'm mad at him Or like how Tori Spelling's boyfriend didn't he beat her up And he pushed her on a fucking flight of stairs.


Yeah. It doesn't have to be that way. It turns out you can just watch TV and get high and like, And really enjoy yourself Really like each other a lot. Yeah. And laugh and it's cool. And really laugh your asses off. Yeah. And Make each other cheese toast. That's The best part of relationship to me is when someone makes you cheese toast. Oh, I like it when people pick you up from places. Oh. Like when you get to go do your thing, but then somebody comes and picks you up. Do You know what happened the other night? I was supposed to go to like a girl's night party at this bar and I was like, guys can come later. But like Vince and I spend the whole day together and like on the weekends I have a hard time. Like that's what we do. Yeah. I'm a little codependent. Anyways, so he drops me off at this bar, it's like dive bar where we're supposed to meet at five and I'm two minutes early because I'm Georgia and I'm fucking early to everything.


And I walk in and the light, the, the music is incredibly loud and no one is there yet. And I call him, he had driven away and I was like, come get me fuck this. And He drove back around and got me and I took a nap and then we went back to the party together when you guys were allowed. Nice. Because I just couldn't No, no you don't. And you don't have to. Yeah. You get to do exactly what you want. Any weird preconceived idea of what, how things are supposed to be quote unquote Right. Isn't the truth. And you get to do what makes you comfortable and what makes you happy and exactly the do things the way you wanna do 'em. If any teenagers are listening right now, which my what are you doing? Please don't do that.


You, I promise you like your life gets awesome. Yes. Because you get to choose whatever you wanna do. Yeah. Although I think kids these days get to so much more already. That's like a revelation for us. Probably most kids these days listening to this would be like, how else would it be? Yeah. Because your connection to every human being in the world. Yeah. Gosh. The pre-internet days were dark. My friends. No, they were real. They were super real just like us. Like we wouldn't be, we wouldn't be as awesome. You wouldn't be wearing all black right now. Your wearing jeans. This is my weekend goth look. Casual. Goth. Well, unfortunately we didn't have the same one.


I feel like that would be, I kind of feel like it would be majestic. But I feel like if we, if we ever have the same one, we have to like treat ourselves to like an incredible dinner. Like it's a celebration that's Right of our minds melding. Yeah. We'll go to, if we ever have the same one, we'll go to Muo and Frank's and get fucking steaks. Oh, good idea. Let's Just do it Anyways. And sand dabs. I don't even know what It's like old fashioned food. Let's do it anyways. We'll get ro for dressing. Yes. Sides and sides of rope for Dressing. Oh my gosh. You know what I want Scalloped potatoes. Yes. You know what I, I want, I want a dry martini girl. I want five dry martinis. Girl can the olives or onions? Olives. Fuck. Yeah. Can I just have that one night where I get to start drinking again?


Listen, Let's, let's have a, how about episode 15? This is episode 11, right? 12. 12. Episode 15. We'll celebrate by going to Musso and Frank's. I love it. The classic old school steakhouse here in Hollywood. I Love it. I'm gonna wear snoo. I don't know what that is. Yes, you do. It's the back hairnet. Oh. That holds all your hair in one little pile from the thirties, forties. Oh, I, I wanna say I'm gonna wear one of my vintage dresses, but they are so tight that I can't eat anything and I'm gonna, I have multiple times ripped open the seam in the back of my dress Because of Why don't you wear your vintage sweatshirt? I'm gonna wear a vintage sweatshirt. I'm gonna wear my vintage gap jeans Wear, I wear my vintage pregnancy pants.


Not Yeah. Really? That, that case, I just remember it happened in 1983, so I was maybe three or four years old, but I just, I, there were a lot of updates in the newspaper all the time about it. Yeah. And so it just always stuck with me. And then my parents divorced two years later and I, I just, yeah, I always thought about it. My Marty is obviously not You know a monster, but it did stick with me that that's something that parents can do to their children. And it just like changed my little tiny couple years of life outlook. I mean. Yes, of course it did. Yeah. And it feels like that's the reason we now have those parental warnings on TV shows and stuff. Right.


It's like you, you sat down somewhere and took, got a big e full of media about this horrifying story. Yeah. That is not, was not for you to hear About another child and Yeah. I mean it was awful. All right. So some updates in 1996, David legally changed his name to Dave. Dave to free himself of his father's last name and legacy, which is amazing. Dave led a creative life eventually becoming a conceptual artist, a house music dj, a music producer, rap musician and music video editor. He eventually moved to Las Vegas and in July of 2018 he passed away from complications from pneumonia. And he was only 42 years old.


I think that's incredible that he like went and lived his dream. Yeah. And did the art and the like things that, because it can be so healing when you actually go do things like that and really express yourself through art. And it just sounds like he found a spot. It's just, that is a silver lining. Yeah. For this Horrible story. It is, he definitely flourished. Dave's mother, Marie ended up marrying one of the police officers who had supervised the fire investigation. Hmm. And in 1985, she co-wrote a book entitled David, which was later adapted into a made for TV film in which Bernadette Peters played the mother. God, I feel like I would remember that know because I love her so much, but I don't remember that.


No. And then David's father, Charles, he fucking got 13 years and he served seven for that crime. And he continued to build up a serious criminal record, including charges of robbery. And in 2007, he was sentenced to 25 years to life under California's three Strikes Law. And he's still there today. Yeah. Just a, just a true, a true crime. Everybody loses This is a horror show. What is going on? Totally. Story. And it's my hometown and You know like my first hometown too. Right? Yeah. All right, well let's hear Karen's equally awful story about Diane Downs.


Karen Georgia. Karen, here's My favorite murder from the, from the jump. Okay. I thought it was John Wayne Gacy because I always talk about seeing that picture at I at a very young age, I saw a graph of how he buried the boys' bodies in his house. Right. And it blew my mind apart, but I realized before I saw that picture. 'cause then I was like, wait, maybe it was Ted Bundy. But I realized the reason I read The Stranger Beside Me, which was the Ann Rule book about her and Ted Bundy. I had read Small Sacrifices, which is an Ann Rule book about this woman Diane down Downs. And I will now tell you the story of Diana Tell me Everything.


And this was a This is a paperback book that I found on my mom's nightstand because my mom used to just plow through any book. She would read almost a book a day and almost anything. That's awesome. And she liked kind of pulpy stuff. Yeah. And this one, she, I just started reading and she didn't, she didn't notice that I was reading dude, a book that I was probably 12 or so. Yeah. But again, in the eighties and nineties, like they weren't as wor, they, they didn't understand what makes a crazy anxiety ridden person. Right. You know what I mean. Yes, Exactly. That this would in any way have like long-term effects on my brain. Their, Their parents were in World War ii. Like they didn't understand. Yeah. This wasn't, it was a book. It couldn't hurt you. It wasn't a bomb, it wasn't an unexploded shell.


Well actually I must have been 14 because this happened in 1983 and she went to, she went to court in 1984. So it all, then the book was written. So, but here's how it starts. I read for my paper, my expert expertly typed paper through your throat. So on May 19th, 1983 in Springfield, Oregon, 27-year-old divorcee and male woman Diane Downs, again, Pacific Northwest, Pacific Northwest. She went sightseeing with her three young sleeping children at 10 o'clock at at night on a school night. Oh, I know You know this one. She was listening to Hungry like the Wolf when she turned on a road she'd never been on before.


She said that she saw, oh, because they were exploring that. They liked exploring. And there she saw a shaggy haired man who flagged down her car. So she said she pulled over and turned off the ignition and asked him what he wanted. He said he was going to take the car and he pulled her, he opened the door, pulled her out of the car, reached in and shot all three of her children at close range. Jesus. She says that she then fake throwing the car keys into the field across the, the road. And when he turned to look where the keys went, she jumped back into the car. He shot her in the left arm, and then she sped away to the nearest hospital.


And at the hospital, her 7-year-old daughter, Cheryl, was pronounced dead. Her three-year-old son, Danny was found to be paralyzed from the waist down. And her 8-year-old daughter, Christie, had lost so much blood that she had had a stroke. Oh my Fucking God. Real quick. I just wanna get that outta the way. Okay. Okay. So almost immediately the cops smell a rat. Sure. Because of the story I just told you. That's her official statement. Jesus. They were sightseeing at 10 o'clock at night. She said she As, as you do, As you do with your three children, one of whom is toddler, who doesn't even know what sightseeing is. Right. So they're like, huh. Interesting.


And they then notice that she, in telling this story, is completely emotionless. The cop who I watched on an old 2020 said, not one tear did I see as she was telling the story. So she's explaining how her children are shot point blank range by Yeah. But she could be in shock because they say now like, don't judge someone's reaction because you just never know how they're gonna Absolutely. However, The night of true. But that It is going to raise the alarm bells in a cop where if you're either not crying or fake crime. Right. Then when they brought her in to see Christie, when she had woken up from her, like when she was You know conscious again, oops.


When they got her going, there were, there was a te, a detective and then two doctors in the room with her. When they brought Diane in her, they said her eyes glazed over with fear and her heart rates that was on the heart monitor went from 104 to 164. Holy shit. So everybody was like uhoh because like This is, she's This is a little girl surrounded by strangers and her mother, the one person who's supposed to give her comfort terror and the world comes in, she's terrified. So that's alarm bell, number three, two then, then they find out that almost immediately after arriving at the hospital and her children being wheeled in to the er, Diane made a call to a guy named Robert Knickerbocker, who was a married man and a former colleague of hers that she'd had an affair with in Arizona.


Oh. Made a phone call there. And they also noticed that even though none of the children had been given any first aid of any kind, Diane had a dish towel wrapped neatly around her gunshot wound. Good to know. So these are things, everybody's dinging off one by one and going, ah, This is, all of this seems weird. Is That shitty for me to say that in nine? I'm surprised that in 1983 these things dinged because I feel like a lot of shit got past people. Oh, I think, yes. I think because it was still the early days of this kind of crime being like Right. Forensics and stuff there. 'cause there was no You know forensic files and you didn't see this all the time and hear that same story of like, but then the cops, so It was like smart cops and smart doctors.


Yes. Paying Attention. Attention. Yeah. And I think it's when three little kids get killed or You know one gets murdered and two are horribly injured, everybody's on high alert. Sure. And paying as close attention. Sure. It's, there's less of a lackadaisical feel as opposed to our usual Oh, they ran away. Yeah. Bullshit. Yeah. But yes, definitely these cops on this case were on it. And this one cop that talked the most in this 2020 special, which you can see if you go on YouTube or whatever, it was his first homicide case ever. Wow. So I think that's probably another thing. He Was like poised. Yeah. He wasn't jaded.


He wasn't like, oh, This is old thing. You know. He was like there trying to figure it Out. He wasn't thinking about all the paperwork that needed to be done. He was like, yeah, let's pay attention. He's Like, what the hell happened? And they say that the she, the phrasing here is shaggy haired man, but that's not the, that's not exactly the wording she used. That's actually a police term for that fake person that people who, who kill people and then blame it on a random person who came in. Really? They call that the shaggy haired man. Wow. So she, but she actually said, and she described it and you can see like the police sketch. It's It is a shaggy haired man. It's like some man who flag Her down. Some like, some like drifter kind of Character Aer type Yeah.


That no mother in the world would ever pull her car over for fuck no. On an empty country road. Much less turn the car off. That's the craziest part to me. Why did she add that in? Because it wasn't necessary. No, because she's a bad liar and she's one of these psychopaths who thinks that she's the mastermind smarter. Yes. And Those people are the funniest to me because they're the most obvious liars. Yes. Well, 'cause they don't know how dumb they really are. I really love watching interrogations when You know someone is guilt. Like when you're not, you're like not guessing. You actually know they're guilty. Yeah. And the lying they do. And how loud lying sounds.


Yeah. It's Just so blatantly obvious. Yeah. And I, and I love when the cops play along. Yes. And they like sympathize. Yeah. So with her This is what I love. They, this, these cops decided to let her talk. She started talking to the press almost immediately. Fuck. And because of course they were like, we've gotta find the shaggy haired man. So she was giving these interviews and the more she did it, the more she loved it and they called her, she looked a little bit like Lady Diana. So they would call her lady die and she kept on giving interviews. Well, four days after her daughter Cheryl is pronounced dead. She's doing a reenactment for the news. Oh my God. And you can watch this. All this, all this stuff is on YouTube.


She is laughing and joking along with this reporter reenacting the murder of her children. But literally like, oh my God, I just hit my cast. Like, like she looks like a flirty high school girl. Can you explain my face? Right now, Georgia's all of her orifices are open as wide as possible. Oh, my gas Jesus. Carrot This is an X-rated podcast. How dare you. But no, no, it's cra it's so unnerving. And then you, and also you see these, the interviews, they, she talks more and more as each one goes by. Sure. So the the one that they end up having to hold because the reporter knew if they released it before her trial, that there's no way she would get a fair trial in Oregon.


Oh. In this one she's quoted as saying, and this i, it kind of made me sick. Like I I had to turn it off and turn it back on a couple times. Take a breath. Yeah. 'cause this woman is overtly crazy. She has the hallmark of crazy, in my opinion, which is anyone who's plucked their eyebrows down to just like two little lines. Yeah. Always. To me that's like really, either you're on speed, you're on some kind of white drug, or you're just totally crazy. I love it Because she's, it looks like two upside down ues over each of her Eyes. And it's like, it's like O one eyebrow connected to the next eyebrow connect. Like one hair. Yes. Exactly. Like she just left on the bare minimum. Holy of eyebrow. Holy Shit. That's always a very bad sign, dude.


So she's getting interviewed and the reporter asks her, do you feel lucky that you only got shot in the arm in this terrible crime? And she says, my children's are the, my children are the ones who are lucky. I'm the one that has to live with this pain and scarring for the rest of my life. What a Fucking cunt. And in the same interview, they catch her. You see her as she talks, she can't help, she smiles at the end. Every sentence she giggles a little bit. What an idiot. And at the, at during one point, it's almost like, it's almost like her brain doesn't know what the correct face is supposed to be for this situation. 'cause because she's in a like what was the Yeah, she's a narcissist.


Yes. Oh, that's the thing. I, I was watching, I read a thing recently about sociopaths and you can tell them because when you yawn You know, normally when I yawn you'll yawn too. Yes. When I yawn they don't yawn because they have no empathy because they, they don't catch the yawn because They don't, they don't feel, they don't feel, feel, yeah. They don't have any of that same Thing. She's like, didn't, she doesn't understand that facial expressions read. Yes. And she doesn't know to mask. She is enjoying being the center of attention. Yeah. And she doesn't know to mask that joy while she's talking about the blood coming out of her daughter's mouth. It's one of the creepiest munch, I wanna call it Munchen by proxy.


But it's not because she I mean like, shooting someone is so aggressive and Yeah. No, Munchhausen's is more, you're getting the, the, the sympathy from people. This is a person who thought she was gonna get away with a triple murder of children. So what happened? So I'm scared. So, So as, so basically she keeps doing these interviews and now everyone around is seeing that this woman is not the victim of a random crime on a country road. Like she, Ima initially said everyone in like nearby is like, oh my God, there's something wrong with her.


And so then as, as all that's happening and she's, she's doing it like she was volunteering for these interviews, the police are still investigating. They find her secret diary and that's where they find all the information about that guy Robert Knickerbocker and her obsession with him and how she basically wanted to kill his wife while when she still lived in Arizona. And that this guy had no interest in children, thought it was inappropriate to be around her when she was with her children. And so clearly the motive was on the page. She killed her children so she could be with him. Right. Listen, don't have a secret diary unless you're gonna kill someone. Like it's the only people who have secret diaries are gonna fucking kill someone. Yes. You're, it's just evidence waiting, waiting to be found.


It, just think About it. So like, think your thoughts, don't write them down. So then, then a guy comes forward that says, 'cause her story was she raced to the ER after this happened, a guy comes forward and says, I drove behind. She had a red Nissan. I drove behind a red Nissan that was going so slowly that my speedometer needle wasn't coming off the peg. He said she was probably going seven miles an hour and he event he had to pass her, came up behind her going so slow, had to pass her. And her story was, she was racing there. She actually drove so slowly to ensure her children would bleed out. 'cause she could hear them moaning. I'm gonna Throw Up. It's fucked.


So she was arrested February 28th, 1984, like nine months later. And then during her trial, her daughter Christie, the one who got scared when she came in the room had recovered enough. And Christie testified against her own mother, had a girl and told everybody there was no man in the street. My mom shot all of us through crying. You know tears and everything. Oh, the poor baby testified against her own fucking mother. But here's the sweet part. Is there a sweet part please? Well, there is a couple. First of all, Diane, she was convicted. She got sentenced to life in prison plus 50 years. Good. So she's never getting out good. But she did get pregnant before the trial. So she was pregnant. During the trial By whom?


A guy that she seduced on her male route. So she knew she was gonna get arrested. So she, she slept with this guy and got pregnant and then so that she could garner sympathy and look like I would never do this. Look at I'm, I'm such a loving mother. I Think you also get put in a better prison if you're pregnant. Yeah. You get treated way better. Right. So, so here's the This is the quote that she had about being pregnant. You're scared I got pregnant because I miss Christie and I miss Danny and I miss Cheryl so much. You can't replace children, but you can replace the effect that they give you. And they give me love. They give me satisfaction. They give me stability.


They give me a reason to live and a reason to be happy. You Fucking cunt. You fucking shot your children And now she's gonna make more. So that child was immediately taken away from her and put up for adoption. And that girl never knew who her mother was until like recently. Wait, that's Me. Wait a Minute. What if it's me? And then here's the beautiful part. The prosecuting attorney that sent her away adopted both Christie and Danny. His name is Danny, right? Yes. Adopted them, both him and his wife. They're legally now their parents. I mean I don't cry. I have no feelings in my heart. Are you? And I'm about to fucking cry because makes isn't That Beautiful? So happy. Yeah.


Because they need so much. Yes. They need so much. And that prosecutor from he, he was the first one who was like, you need to get a therapist with Christie and have the a therapist with her all the time. 'cause at some point she's gonna need to start talking about this and someone needs to be there and be ready for her. Yeah. Dude. And so she just had like constant support and she like, they did it. They did right by these kids. One time in one of these horrible stories, these kids I mean got done right by Even if they hadn't been shot, they they got a better life than they would've had ever. Oh yeah. Yeah. Apparently she was a horrible, they they, they a psychiatrist said she was a narcissist.


A sociopath and a hysteric. Wow. So she must have been a nightmare mother. Like I, they, the kids said she hid them all the Time. She's someone who in the 18 hundreds would've been like a good mother You know what I mean. Like in Brooklyn in the fucking 18 hundreds would've been like, well she keeps her kids in line You know and like would've never Yeah. Would've never gone to trial. That's right. She would've had like a funny name, like a, a You know. Yeah. Bully Betty. Yeah. And then exactly. Would've never, Oh, Mrs. Slappy. So That's the first one that like affected you. That was the fir that I read that story. I can still remember the feeling of reading it and being, and the whole description of her turning around in the car and shooting the children and just being like, it was basically, I had an equal opposite thing of like, I realized this was a possibility.


Right. I didn't ever have to consider, although my mom did own the book, so clearly she was interested in this situation. Yeah. She's Like, she's like learning about it. She might have been doing research. Yeah. but it was just that thing of like that adults just not to trust adults. These are very hard lessons we both learned. And I wonder if they, they taught us what we, what we started a podcast about, which is anything can fucking happen. Yeah. Anytime. And you need to be on guard for it at all times. And don't try and don't, don't take things for granted or like judge books by covers and don't do the things that that average people get tricked by.


Yeah. Because this woman, it was like, she looked like lady die and she was like, I would never hurt my children. And everyone's like, okay. And if she herself had stopped doing interviews at that point. Right. It, it may I mean who knows? They would've had to prove everything else by evidence. I think It's funny that like my, my story is a dad story and yours is a mom's story. Yeah. And what It is, is that anyone is capable of anything. Yeah. Anyone could be lying to you at all times. Also it's, we picked the worst dad and the worst mom was kind of of all times. Yeah. But These are the things we remember as chil. These This is what you and I remember as children.


Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Kindred fucking spirit. Okay, we're back. Any, any updates? Karen So. now Diane Downs is in her late sixties. She's still incarcerated at Chowchilla, which is here in California. She's been denied parole multiple times. Most recently in 2020. Okay. To wrap this up, let's listen to the outro of Our. Bodies Our. Twelves You. know what's funny is, so I, I wrote before we, before we came over, I wrote like on the Facebook page, like You know I always write like we're about to record.


Here's the topic. Comment with your story. Yeah. Which I think is like so smart. Yes. And so It's really smart of you. Georgia. I'm the smartest. But some people wrote things and I was like quickly looking over them. And one of them is yours Is Diane Downs. Diane Downs is fucking in there. Yay. Should I read a couple? Yes please. Peoples? Yes. And Thank you for the people who are now running the Facebook page, aren't there, didn't you say there's two people who are, what do you call it? Yeah, We have a A couple Moderators. Moderators.


That's the word. I'm burping. Can you hear me burping or is That like, I didn't hear it. Saw you Think Whip your head Back. You think what's in your head and then you realize it's just Be, it's going straight into a microphone, Which sometimes you just don't even know. And like that's life. I'm gonna read you a couple. Okay. Just made me wanna die. But we're gonna say, I'm gonna keep going. So someone wrote, do you smell chicken soup right now? I'm like a fucking blood. Do you Think it was Your burp? No. Could it have been? No. I'm like a bloodhound working fucking smell shit. Really? Okay. Someone says Zodiac. My mother had a book about him and I snuck up, I snuck it at age 10 to read it. Ooh. So that's, I think that's what happens.


Yes, I do too. Ooh, I just got a whiff of the chicken too. Do you smell hot? Yes I do. How good is that? It smells really good. I remember my, my mom took away my brother's copy of The Outsiders, which made me wanna read it even more. Oh I Loved the Outsiders. Betty. Betty Broderick, hometown murder all over the news. When I was 10 or 11, my dad's boss's daughter was murdered when I was around 15. Oh no. That started it all. Yeah. Diane Downs. Yes. She shot her three kids and still to this day will and try to say a man on the road shot them and there were six replies saying Yes This is the one. Yes. I read this book and I haven't seen the movie but I think about it all the time.


Oh, that's right. Farrah Faucet Stars in the Lifetime movie. Shut up. Yeah. Yeah. And Ryan O'Neill Brilliant. Not actually a movie but the A murder but the Spontaneous human combustion episode of Unsolved Murderess. Yes. Unsolved Murders. And then she said actually actual murder probably Ed game. Ed Keen Ed Game. That's a classic. Yeah. But I remember that episode of Unsolved mi. Is it Unsolved Mysteries? Yeah. Because it's the picture they show is just this lady's legs. Yes. That's the only thing left Sticking out of the chair that she could bust. It's amazing if You actually look in the spontaneous human combustion, it's actually really interesting that like there, there might just be a friction in of things in your pocket.


Yeah. That lit on fire. And But you are so gassy and fatty that you're basically a human candle. Yeah. Oh no, I think you mean me specifically. No, I can shake the walls of my farts. Any who Someone wrote hel read Helter Skelter in seventh grade in 1982. Girl, unsolved Mystery in general was my gateway drug. And someone said, let's see. Yes, that number, the blah blah blah. Son of Sam got obsessed after the crazy John, like was on the movie about it, which shows how young people are Summer of Sam. Like Yeah. That I was in, I was on speed speed when that movie came out.


And I couldn't watch John Lee zamo. Me Too. He was real annoying. Someone said, watching Silent Witness with my mom. Which one was that? Was that the Silent Witness? Someone said The You know the Kara Molko and Paul Bernardo that we've talked about before. Let's see here. The West me, the West Memphis three. Yeah. When I was in fourth grade, my friend's dad perhaps foolishly let us run a VHS of Paradise Loft. No. The night of slumber party. Oh no. Oh no. Fourth grade honey Is just too Young. Honey. No. Oh my lord. Mimi Cat is like, I'm gonna step on the stop button.


Let's see here. The Clutter family, the from the in Cold blood. Yeah. That's heavy. Of Course. Son of Sam, my mom was a pretty girl in the seventies and in New York, and she's, this person says, New York in the seventies was an awful sounding and, and scary place while also being fascinating. Yeah. Like I would go back in time and go there. Yeah. But you'd need like an armored car. Yeah. Or to be like a punk rocker. Yeah. Someone says, I just remember stumbling across Dateline one night when I was in high school. Fuck yeah. Dude. Lizzie Borden, Manson, Zodiac. Another Lizzie Borden, Jonestown West Memphis.


Three Helter Skelter. Helter Skelter. Hel Hel, That's how you say it in Yiddish. All classics. All, all good kickoffs. And not a lot of Ted Bundys. I I thought there'd be many more. Yeah. I guess he's, he's a bit old maybe for this group. There were couple, there are some more Anne rules. Like she just like rules. She Anne ruled. Yeah. She was the greatest. And those books, she just wrote books that were so easy to read. They were easy. Yes. Like Stephen King books that were like, This is intense and complicated, but I don't feel stupid. And also she would, she's made single, like one-off murders. Interesting. Which I never was interested in, but like, You know or get getting behind the mentality of a person who like killed their wife or whatever.


I need to go back and reread a couple of those because like in my mind now I'm too sophisticated and I don't care. And I don't wanna know about Ted Bundy anymore. And like I know everything. Yeah. But like, if she's such a great writer, then I should just be able to go through it. Yes. Well, and also her Ted Bundy that's a stranger beside me is great because it's her first person account of working with Ted Bund. How stoked Is she that that happened to her though? Like she's a little Stoked For real. And she's also, she is in, if you look up Dying Downs, she's interviewed in that 2020. No way. She's still alive back then. She's since passed. She's the best interviewer because she's like, someone's sassy mom. Can we do a book club and like read one of them? Yeah. Together. Like when we haven't read before.


Okay. I'm actually really interested in the Lacey Peterson case. Oh, You're not. No, I know. That was in your, that was in your area. It was in Modesto, which is very, it's in the East Valley. Basically. Central Valley, east Bay. Like there's no way he didn't do it right. Oh Yeah. A hundred percent did it. I know. It's So, it's so gross. This is a new Simpsons. It's, it's, oh, and how many people, I loved how many people wrote to us because they're going to do a true, a true version. Not a, not a, not like oj, but a, a real version of JonBenet two. and we had maybe 10 different people going.


You guys, have you seen this? Which made me so Happy. This is our Super Bowl. Karen. Yes. It really Like, I know we said this before, but we need to watch this together. Like we need to have special episodes. Yes. That you can, we'll just, we'll all watch it together. We'll All watch it together. That's actually a great idea. Right. Because You know our friend Joe De Rosa and Pat Walsh. Yes. They have a horror movie podcast where they watch the movie and talk during it. Yeah. And it's so Hilarious because you can watch the movie yourself, but then you can watch it with people. It's as if you have two friends that are dominating the conversation. We watch Wrestling does that too, but they're like, well watch like the watch WrestleMania four and just fucking talk about it. And there's like silent moments in it and it's fine.


'cause we're all watching it together. Yeah. I mean, but you and I won't shut up. Look at hires. I won't be able to. Yeah. I'll be talking a lot. Should I edit that out? What? That we're gonna get high. Well, we could do whatever we want. The only way I yell at television is when I'm hot and it's Pretty fucking, I remember because I watched the Oscars with you remember that? One of the greatest Oh, it was funny Screaming. Wait, we do have a, I have a corrections corner moment. Oh, right. Because Someone, a couple people wrote this and I was so embarrassed, but it also made me laugh. I like cry, laugh. I can't wait. I do not think that Manitoba is a city in Canada. I know. I said it the way I said it made it sound like that.


Although I can't claim to know inherently know the geography of Canada. I do. No One said that. Did they? It was the way I said it. 'cause I said the bus went from Brandon to man. Oh. When someone's like, it's not half an hour. That's like saying it's from goes from Las Vegas to California. There's, or essentially Calm down. Well, But just so people know. But I mean at the same time, if it's written in Wikipedia, I'm reading it to you and I'm not gonna double check anything. Yeah. Listen, This is not, we're clearly the most researched podcast Manitos a province, and I know that. Okay. Right now, I am looking up the word whore in our My favorite murder gmail.


Cool. Because I needed to find the email that said notes and resources about sex sex workers in episode 10. Oh. So someone named Sam wanted us to know that I know that neither of you are involved in sex work. Thanks, Sam. You don't know that. So I figured I would just let you in on a few things. First off, a lot of sex workers and people in the quote adult industries take a lot of justified offense at the word prostitute, which is another way of saying whore, which obviously doesn't fly. Some prefer to be called escorts. But over overall, calling people involved with sex works, sex workers is really the right option. Which I, I did feel there were some people pointing out that like, we were like kind of rude.


I was kind of rude about sex work. And I, I wanna clear it up. So this person said the way the quote work is highlighted, that it's a job that should be considered as a nor as normal as being a paralegal or construction worker. Furthermore, most cops really don't give a fuck about sex workers in any capacity. This extends to people in porn as well. That is why safety and clarity and communication and a level of protection are inseparable in sex work. And why hearing about a male porn actor raping and harassing female costars is just as if not more jarring than hearing about another piece of trash serial killer. That said, there are really good resources out there for people in sex work that offer help and advice for awful situations that may arise.


I highly recommend SWOP usa.org and sex workers project.org for anyone in sex work. I just wanted to clear that up. That like I sa I said something about like how no one chooses to be a prostitute. Yeah. And I, I understand that It is so much bigger than that and I felt, I feel bad for saying that. Well, and I like the fact that we have listeners that then send us information Yeah. Like constructive information. 'cause that's very true. Yeah. and we are, and we've said it a million times, but to people having conversations about something that we're interested in, we definitely make mistakes constantly.


And so anytime you hear any of that, especially if it's something that you take offense to or that you think needs, we need education on, we are happy and open to hear about it because, especially Because nothing terrible has happened to us either. Either of us. Like it's not, we're we're saying this from experience. Exactly. Like we haven't had our fucking sister or a cousin or whoever get murdered. Yes. So we're, we're a little more flippant about it than we would be if these things have happened to us. Right, exactly. and we don't, we, we just don't have the interest of the, of we have just the interest from distance. And that's the reason that we can take, take the take that we have. But we also in no way wanna offend people.


No. Or, or, and we certainly aren't judging anybody. No. At all. and we absolutely would never judge a victim No. Of any crime. And this guy made a good point, which is like, you guys have, we have a a we have a platform that we can announce these things and so we're lucky and we should do it. And I totally agree. And I I I don't wanna seem flippant about sex work being like a lark. You know. Yeah. Or like a, like not a big deal. Or not AdChoices. Which It is AdChoices. And it doesn't mean that you're a bad person or No, not at all. And if you get yourself into a situation, it's great that I mean that, that's a beautiful way to end that email, which is here's some constructive dis like a direction someone can go if they want to go in that direction.


Totally. So they do have options. I agree. Very cool. Yay. I feel like this was a more serious episode of My favorite murder. It's kind like personal. Well, 'cause it was kind of about us. It was About us a little bit. I mean, these, these are the things that fucked us up. Start, these are the reasons this podcast exists. I, I have to say it, it definitely fucked me up. but it also, I got, I was also thrilled to understand. I feel like I was, I was raised very, I kept away from like, the realities of life.


Protective. Yeah. Both of my parents were like blue collar workers. My dad's a fireman. My mom's a nurse. So they saw a lot of the bad stuff of life and they wanted to keep my sister and I Sure. So far away from it. And I, it drove me crazy. 'cause I think I always had this sense of like, there's more going on and they're telling me. Yeah. So every time I would find an annual book or I would read an article or whatever, I felt like I was getting one more piece of like, what's really going on. Yeah. And I think that that's a, that's another way to look at it. And maybe a good way to look at it too. It's just like, as we said a million times, it's almost like the more information you have and the more You know, the better off you are. Yeah. Like the adult we are as I think children especially understand that the adult world is, is something we don't, we don't totally get.


Yeah. And we're always like, as children are trying to understand it and so we know someone's hiding something from us and we know like when something happens, our parents react to it and we can sense it. Yeah. and we wanna know, like you and I are curious fucking people. Some people aren't. Yeah. I think the people who are into, into murder and into true crime are curious fucking people who wanna who wanna know the dark side even if they know that it's gonna ruin them a little bit. Yeah. Because, but it's almost like the option. It's like Yeah. Better that than not knowing. Totally. And some people are like, I just don't wanna know. Which completely makes sense. But I'm ju I've never been that person. I've, I've always talked to my therapist like how great it would be just to be like a fucking, I'm gonna be a, I wanna just live my life in suburbia and be unaware of all the awful things that can happen.


And I wish I really, truly wish I wanted to be that way. But You don't. But I'm so fucking happy I'm not. Me too. Because then we get to do this. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We're dark and it's okay. Hi. Hey Karen. Hey. Well this has been episode 12 of My favorite murder. Thanks for listening. Don't forget to rate, review and subscribe. Please Do that. You guys, that helps us A lot. And we're doing so crazy Great. Our numbers are huge and it's because of you guys. So Thank you so much for listening. Totally. Go to far audio.com and buy your Amazon shit from, from there And, listen to the other podcast and, and tell me how much you love us.


And of course, don't forget to stay sexy. Stay Sexy and don't get murdered. Bye bye. I think in this episode, if I, if I'm not mistaken, we start talking about starting an Anne Rule book club. Definitely gave that up immediately. I mean it, it's, I think we should do it. I think, I think that sounds super fun. And also You know the, the Anne rule people. Yeah. Just sent us a big box of her books. They did. I took one that I hadn't read. So did I. Oh my God. We should, maybe we'll just do any Anne Rule book that you haven't read. We should all read. Yeah. Okay. But we have To figure more structure out for it. So it's actually a club. Like when do you drink the wine?


When do you stop talking about the book and start gossiping about the people that you work with? What's the level of cheese we're talking about here? I think it's high Bri Hi. High Bri. High Bri. Always. It's like, what do we, what will we do? Like on the main episode, there's a part where we just stop the main episode and then it's like, sounds like a cocktail party in the background. And we're like, it's book club time. Ding Ding, ding ding d. So what did everyone think? And then we just have a blank, like 17 minutes. So that's where you can say your response. Yes. It's interactive. It's the first interactive podcast. Holy Shit. I love it. And we'll just go Yes. A couple times throughout. Wow. Interesting take. I'll go. No, go fuck yourself.


Is there any more white wine? I need to leave this room spiritually. We also, I guess first figured out about each other that we were both latchkey kids. Oh yeah. Which was interesting that like, maybe that's why we like, knew each other when we met each other like bonded. It was like, we're So trauma bonded. It's insane. What? It's insane. We had All the things. Okay. Yeah. Just on either side of the state. Yeah, exactly. So just to remind everyone, and I bet you those day one listeners heard this in this rewind, but Georgia for the first time says, here's the thing, fuck everyone in this episode. And so of course that's become, that's become one of our, what is it called?


A slogan? A lo what is it? Yeah. Slogan. A Saying. A saying. Most popular on merch too. People fucking love it. It's the best. You guys love wearing shirts with the F word on it. You crazy kids. It's fun. You punk rockers. So we're gonna re-release our old school. Here's the thing. Fuck everyone. Design that everyone loves. Go to My favorite murder dot com to check it out. So we'll have like a shirt. I think there's other stuff. Yeah, check it out. Yeah. On My favorite murder dot Com. Because there already, there's already been. It's not a true re-release. Yeah. But it's like kind of, here's what we did the first time. Yeah. And it's fucking cute. Yeah. Oh, so I mean it's hard to beat our original title. Yeah. It's really a good title. But there it's just the fun of what could it have been doing it the way we do it.


Which is, it's something we say within the episode. Yeah. What was the bullshit spoken? Well, here's the thing. Of course could have been one. Yeah. Oh, I said to Georgia, were you a latchkey child as well? And then I lost my mind sides and sides. What we'd order at Muto and Frank when we hit You know something. I think I said she and Ruled, which is very catchy. She did. And This is our Super Bowl. Yeah. The JonBenet Ramsey documentary coming out is our Super Bowl. Yeah. I stand by that. I I still, I still Agree. Oh, I think also that saying that kind of joke that you made is was like the lightning point of people being like, that's right.


Yeah. That's it. Like we do this and we ha have this and we should be able to join together. Right. And I'm supposed to understand the Super Bowl, but I don't. And I don't care. And I think that you guys all going crazy about your sup actual Super Bowl is a little silly. Right. And I'm not interested in anything but the snacks and the beer and so that's ours. Yeah. And you can't make fun of us either. Right. And, and you actually might even have to come and be a drag along and, and start getting interested in what your lady likes. That's right. Or your or your beloved significant other. Whoever It is. Yeah. Your man. You have to watch the documentary. We will bring snacks. We'll provide snacks And we can all wear Jerseys Are My favorite murder.


T-shirts are our Jerseys. That's right. That's right. We've done it all for you. We've, we've actually structured how you can be a fan and we're working on the details of how to be the best kind of fan. Always. That's all we've ever done is You know how detail oriented we are. Oh my God. Just organized. We have Excel spreadsheets. You have to see It. Thanks for listening to another episode of Rewind. This is so fun. I really, we're just gonna keep doing this if you guys are into it and you seem to be and we appreciate that so much. It Gets easier every week 'cause the show gets better every week. That's right. And so we don't have as much to cringe about and be, be worried about. Yeah. But thanks for always being there and stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Ah.