
This is exactly right.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com. Or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times, you don't need a wireless service that slows you down visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com plan starting at $25 a month for their Best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See visible.com for planned features and network management details. Goodbye, goodbye, Goodbye.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. It is Wednesday and that could only mean one thing. It means we're going to recap one of our old episodes with all new commentary, updates, insights, you know, all of It. Anything. Today we're recapping episode 41. That came out on November 3rd, 2016. And at the time we entitled it Live from EW Popfest. So, as you can tell, we put a lot of time into naming this one for you guys. Yep. And for everyone who doesn't know, the Entertainment Weekly Pop Fest was a two day event. It was held in downtown Los Angeles. There were panels with stars and creators from movies, tv, music, and podcast. It was a really fun event to be invited to.


'cause I feel like that was the first time we were like acknowledged as part of this community. Yeah. Well and it's Entertainment Weekly. Yeah. Which is is a big deal. Yeah, that was like, it's like getting invited up to the big table. I don't know where the big table at a wedding. It doesn't work that way at weddings, but just like that kind of like, this is kind of the big time. Yeah. The people there, you know, stars like Jennifer Aniston, Joe Jonas, TJ Miller, they were all there promoting their latest thing. And as we have talked about on the show, our writer Alison STI and I were writing on a TV show that was also featured there. So I went there with you one day that that week and then went back as an audience member later on to like support the show.


Right. So I had a full 360 experience. What show is it? It was called Making History. That's right. I think it's on Hulu or it's on some streaming platform. Oh. Can I also say about this episode that there's a photo from this that has been since then on my like Google image search page that I hate so much and have hated for fucking nine years. 'cause I'm slouching. I mentioned I have sciatica in it, so I'm slouching really fucking low. We're in like little director's chairs or whatever. Yeah. And that image just like kills me every time I fucking see it. Isn't that awful? Yeah. That kind of like, it's like, look, pictures are pictures.


There's now a billion jillion of them always around know. It's Like I Know, but that one's always at the beginning. One remembers. I know, I know. Well, that's like the first eight years for me, I was just like, this is a nightmare that will never end. Every picture was worse than the last one. And you're like, let's take a picture. And I'm like, can I get a fucking leg up here? I am. Couldn't be older. Couldn't be more resistant. I'm from the nineties. Yeah. Where you, no one had pictures of fucking anything. Ever. I love, everything was a secret. I love pictures. And this when I know I'm slouching so hard. Like I'd hear my mom every time I look at it saying, sit up Georgia. So Janet, Please Janet, could you just give us one Ew Pop Fest. Can we just have one Ciat Janet, Let us have one Pop Fest.


Well, Let's listen to the intro to episode 41 Live from EW Popfest. Hi guys, welcome to day two of ews Pop Fest. Are you guys having a good time so far? Woo. Good. I hope you guys have been having fun at the other events and there's still more to come tonight, but I am so excited to welcome this next show because it's actually my personal favorite, favorite show. And I'm sure, I'm hoping there's a lot of marinos in the crowd because I am one. Alright, so without further ado, I am so pleased to welcome my favorite murder with Georgia Hardstock and Karen Kilgar.


What is this? Where are you going? What Is this? Where are we? This is our stage show. Karen's gonna, I'm gonna do a song by Jojo right now. I I know you wish you could be outside watching her and supporting her. Was That really jojo? Yes, it was. Thought you were Being, I thought you were kidding. I don't, I never joke about Jojo. I can't, I Thought I was like, that's jojo. No, I don't know who anyone is. You guys are so cute. All of you. Hi Oliver. Did you have to wait in a line and stuff for this? That's so important. We're super into that. Yeah, we should have made them wait longer.


I mean, I do have to pee, but Whatever. Do not do it. They're like, ha ha. No. Yeah, start it now. She's Crying. Hurry Up and start. This is really fricking rad Guys. This is weird because we never sit in chairs like this. Uhuh never. We're not used to being directors of any kind. Very bright. It's bright, it's cold. It are we it Antarctica or something? I'm sweating. No, I'm sweating. Are You really? Have you Noticed that this entire day that's like raining? I haven't had a jacket on. I have noticed, but I didn't wanna criticize you Criticize me. I'm fucking, I I'm always hot. What's your deal?


Hold on a second. Before the murders, Georgia, what's your medical problem? You know, I mean, where do we start? I, Right. Hey, I mean, let's Start with sciatica and end with chronic anxiety. For fun. Is Steven here? Yay There. He's That's a regular Sound engineer. Yay. He's blushing. Look at him. Hannah. Here. Try to grab his mustache. Is Elvis here? Someone do the meow. It would be really funny. Yay. That'd be word. If he came walking up this aisle. How did you get down here? Uber. We Always, whenever Vince and I are out and we say the word cookie, we're we're, it's always like, is he gonna come out here?


Yeah. That'd be funny. I was gonna put cross-eyed on this, cross-eyed on this crossey on this cat shirt that I'm wearing. But I didn't, I'm not even, I just didn't. You just didn't. Too sick. Right. So I'm supposed to breathe into the microphone all the time. Yeah, definitely. Exhale. That's what Jojo does. She sings a line, she inhales. And then it's just a big sigh of how hard show business is. Oh, This is rough you guys. This is, oh God. Look At me. Yeah, go. We're Honored to be here. Yes. If you're not sure if you wandered in and you're from Denmark. This is the podcast. My favorite murder. Yeah. Where we Georgia Hard Stark and I, Karen Cougar, talk about our favorite murders. Tell each other true crime stories that we like.


We don't necessarily say research them a hundred percent. Or we're not trying to be experts of any kind. Most people that are into this stuff really are experts. God bless their souls. They let us know when we fall down. They sure do. They sure, sure do. But listen, if you're here to have a good time, then you've come to the, come to a place, You've come to a, a really cold, bright place. Yeah. You might be dead. Which is thematically appropriate. Do You ever wonder that when you start walking? Like, I was walking up here and I'm like, this can't be real. I probably dead again. Chronic anxiety possible. Although it would be a huge relief. Oh. At The same time then I couldn't do anything wrong.


Do you ever get into a situation and you're like, what's the most embarrassing thing I could do right now? And like get Yes. Scared that you're gonna do it. For sure. What's Yours right now? Well, We were just back, no brag. We were just back in the, I like to call it the Heineken lounge. It's where they keep, it's like the green room where they keep talent before they go and do their Panels. Yeah. So we don't have to talk to anyone. So we kind of stood there with our purses on our shoulders super uncomfortable. Like, and my thing in that situation is like, you think you know somebody so you're like, Hey, Oh my God, it's not them like that in the Heineken lounge would've been death. My thing is they, they then don't know who I am. That I've met them a hundred. Like it. That just happened actually when I was like, Hey. And then I had to go Georgia.


Like Yeah. Because I saw the look on her face. Yeah. And I was like, oh God, I've been there, but we've met like 17 times. You should maybe know who I Am. Yeah. But nobody does. That's just part of it. I Know. I'm, I'm Not special. No, I and I'm not either. Listen, if you're not special, neither am I. But Then when someone does see you and gets this like, like Erin Gibson from Throwing Shade. I wa nobody'll Be up here pretty soon. Yes. Fucking best. She saw me and her and like opened her arms and her face lit up and I was like, thank you so much like her. Oh my God. She was wearing a lot of eyeshadow though. So maybe it was just that she Thought it was someone else. It was just covering her. She was wearing a lot of eyes shadow in her eyeballs. Once She, once she wiped her irises away, she was like, oh, I don't know you. That's not Liza Minnelli.


Who the fuck is that? Bye. Cor and Brian. So you thank fucking God. We're like, hi. We're very kind to me. Yeah, No, you, you were okay. Thank you. I get scared. It's a lot of funny comedians that You told me that you had news about your dad, but you wanted to save it until we were doing this. I did. And I wrote Dad an RV and here's the reason. Okay. So, okay. We're doing the Chicago Podcast Festival soon and I'm big timing and bringing my mom and her boyfriend along because they never go on trips. And it's like that's not a thing of They do. And I have a lot of miles from our credit card, from our, our wedding. I always thought you were gonna say have a lot of money. No. Which would've been so baller Awesome. I don't, I have a lot of miles from the credit card I opened and the debt I racked up to pay for my wedding.


God Bless America. So I'm bringing them to Chicago. Like they're staying in our hotel room. It's not, I'm not like big timing it that much. You started The story by saying you were big timing. I'm big timing. And by bringing them so they can see that I, that there's a 900 seat theater and then they'll love me more. Oh great. You know what I mean? Good. What a great Christmas this is gonna be. We're Jewish, it doesn't matter. Oh, that's right. Shoot. So then I, so then I had to tell my dad that I'm bringing my mom and her boyfriend to the city he was born in. I Know. And he now they're divorced. Right. Oh wait. Oh good. Yeah, that would be weird too. That would've been awful. He also Didn't know about the boyfriend Or that his marriage had ended. Yeah.


Like 25 years ago. So I had to tell him that. And I was like, but you just went to Chicago. Right. So it's okay. And he is like, no. Like he, I thought he had just gone so I wasn't gonna bring him in. Now it's like, okay. So then he said, alright, well do me a favor. If you go to Las Vegas or New York, I wanna come. So bring him if we go there. Okay. He's a real party animal. Nice. That's not true. And then he said, and you know when you get really up there, just like a small nice RV trailer, he requested something for if we ever get rich like an r he A small, nice rv. Let's see, those don't exist Marty. I hate to be the one to tell you. It has to be three city blocks long.


Yeah. He got, like, he got, he put a fucking thing in there and my sister was there. So there's like, there's like a witness that I said Yes. Yeah, no, you're dead. I know. But the funny thing is, it's already on the list when I like daydream about how I'm gonna take care of my parents if I ever, you know, in the lottery. I mean an RV's not too bad. No. That's all he wants. So I Said, well in a stark contrast, I found out that my dad has listened to this podcast, which is my fear because my dad, who talks like a foul mouth sailor, anytime I say even like shit or something in passing as an over 40 woman, he's always like, Hey, watch it. Like gets really mad. And of course on this one we like, we like celebrate the word fuck.


Oh my God. Like we say it as if our lives depend on it. And I, that would infuriate him like crazy. So I've never told him how to find it or what. I'm almost like real vague about the name when he asks about it. And It's called the fuck word murder mystery show. That's right. That's right. So my sister texted me and said, dad found out we're, we're all, 'cause my sister and two of our childhood friends are also going to Chicago. We're just making it like a weird clowny event. My sister and, and Adrian and Audrey are all going 'cause they love drinking in Chicago. Sure. That's like the main reason. That's why My mom is going to. Yeah. So it's gonna be, they're going to have a great time.


But my dad found out that they're all going, 'cause he told my sister, he tried to listen to the podcast. Oh. And when my sister said, well you mean you tried to? And he goes, eh, they talk too much. That's what a pod. What if a podcast was just not talking the whole time? Just like stony silence. Like we're in a fight. Just like the silent treatment Yeah. Is our new podcast. It's, yeah. So If you ever wanna be a standup comedian, you just need parents who truly are not fans of yours. That's, I would say that's step one. My parents and my grandma who was like 104 years old at the time, like GA gathered together to watch the episode of Drunk History. I was on Nice.


And like they loved it and were supportive. Like my family, they don't give a fuck. I Learned it's not a good time for you to tell me this story right now. It's not, it's not ideal. I'm sorry my family loves me so much. Have a great Hanukkah or whatever. He Just wants to picture you as like the sweet baby angel that he thinks she is. Thinks she is. And I had too many of these plastic Cups of wine. Look at that. Did that have a little tiny wine? That's plastic. Getting that fucking green Y'all. I put one in my purse. Green room X. Is it plastic? It's totally plastic. So you can bring it to a Park's. Incredibly. Parks are for incredibly hometown. And my family knows I'm a fucking lunatic.


They're just glad I'm alive. That's the only Thing I am too. Thank y'all. All right. Should we get into this? Oh by the way, this is for some reason, as I was leaving my house, I didn't wanna bend my papers and so I picked up the Mystic Places Time Life series book that Steven got us. Wow. I don't know if you heard about that. It was a, we talked about in the last podcast. And so just to prove that we are not liars and we don't lie about gifts or things that Steven gives us or anything Steven's involved in. Except You didn't tell me and I didn't bring mine. So I might be a liar. Oh, That's right. That's a a cliffhanger you'll have to find on next up. Alright. You want, okay. So let's tell everyone our thoughts behind all this. Oh, okay. So since we are at the EEW Pop Fest, what is this?


Where are The Entertainment Weekly podcast fest? We thought we Thought it would be cool to do entertainment murders. Yeah, entertainment based murders. I Got a lot of murmurs. Yes. No. Oh, I knew it would. I knew they'd murmur. You were good. Okay. There it was. Our, our name's being mispronounced the first Made it you not the Of many times. I mean that is a funny thing. Oh, you, we just did get an award where they misspelled your name, your first name on it. Yeah, they did. That was pretty funny. I mean it Ha what mistakes happen? Whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Ai. Let's blame AI And I get so nervous when I'm announcing things too that I, like I couldn't, I couldn't mis pronounce Smith and be Oh yeah.


You know what I mean? Well that's exactly the time. You second guess yourself. Right. Just like when you see a friend that you know and you go to say hi to them and then you're like, is his name Steven? Yeah. Or is it Steve or, I definitely know his name, but yeah. Even if I'm wrong, Yes. I usually just immediately tell the person that that's what is happening in my brain. And they don't usually like it And it doesn't work. And you shouldn't do it. Don't do it. It's not a recommendation. So what's hilarious is that Jojo is performing at the same time as us. Yeah. And We mentioned, 'cause you can hear it in our little room. 'cause we had this like little, it wasn't a conference room even. It was like there was like partitions that had been put up for the festival.


Yeah. Like they had to break up a bunch of conference rooms I think. Right. And make them like what? What would you say there's a hundred people in that room or 50 people in that room? I'd say it was closer to 50, but I'm really bad at that. Well like five across, 10 back. That Seems, yeah. And then some people standing in the back. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a small audience of people who were like, it was like a Comic-Con for Totally like TV and movie people. Yeah, exactly. So it was very intimate with Jojo pulling up the Chart with Jojo right next door. Do you want a jojo update? Because I do have one for you Alison. What? Alison went and looked some stuff up so I couldn't stop laughing that I called that it was Jojo.


Yeah. Like out of the blue that way. Yeah. And it then I remembered she was on, and maybe I told the story real time, but she was on Ellen when I worked on Ellen. She was literally like 14 years old and she had this hit song and she was such a good singer and she was such a badass. And do you remember that song? It was like she was moving out from her boyfriend's house or something. We were like, you are literally in seventh grade. What is happening? So I always loved Jojo. 'cause she really was, it seemed like she was a real deal to me. Like She had the talent there. Yeah, Exactly. She had the range. So she had taken 10 years off 'cause she got in a big fight with her record label. So this was her first return to like entertaining again, which is kind of amazing. This Thing that we were at was the Like Yes.


In 2016. Okay. She had like, she stopped performing in 2006. I love the young women in entertainment who aren't playing the part of like, I don't know, daddy. Instead they're kind of like, I've been divorced twice. It's like, no, you have not. What are you doing? I love it. Like singing those songs. Yeah. But since that time, she made her Broadway debut in 2024 in Moulin Rouge. She played Satine. She also released the same year, she released a memoir called Over the Influence, which was an unflinching look at her journey through child stardom, legal battles and personal struggles. Damn. I love that. I mean like Title I, oh, that's a good one. Over the Influence. Jojo. And then she released a new EP this year called NGL.


Not gonna lie. Wow. Karen is a fucking Jojo Stan who knew? This is entirely Allison going and being like, I'm gonna give you an update for jojo. It's, but you know isn't Its hilarious. Jojo is not Jojo Siwa. Those are two different people. Wait, okay. I was worried about that this whole time. Yeah, No, it's Jojo Siwa, that blonde girl that's from like the Disney channel. That's, yeah. Who's Jo? Crazy dancer? Jojo literally looks like she is from the wrong side of the tracks. Eyeliner girl. She had that song Get Out when she was like 13 or 14 years old. Wait, hold, Get out Jojo. Check out Jojo. Oh my God. I didn't know that was two different people. Yes. I thought you were into Jojos.


How many, how many Jojos could there be on, on the Disney Channel mean that the Answer Is a ton. I mean That's she Yeah. She kind of looks like, yeah, I like it. Okay. All right. Now I get it. I thought you were about the girl who said that she invented gay pop like last year and everyone hated Her voice. Oh, that's Jojo Siwa said that. Siwa. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I get it now. Wow. I bet everyone that ever had a hit during the disco era really disagrees with that. Oh my God. I thought they were the same person. I feel like if someone's mom who's like, I love that Jojo. I been listening and it's like Jojo Siwa. Oh Yeah. Jojo is so talented. She sing, she can dance. She has every color hair. She's tall, she's short.


I'm so embarrassed. Look, who cares? Who Cares? Okay. So yeah, that was playing. Now I know. Now I can picture it. Yeah. Jo Jo Siwa. Full, full detail. Okay. But it is, I think, important to say, aside from all that, like, so we're trying to paint the picture for you guys of what it was like to do this. Yeah. Because of course we're honored to do it, but then once you get there, it's like doing a nooner at a college where like you're like, I, I am excited to be making money as a comedian, but this sucks it Wildly. And they, everyone, no one knows who I am. Yeah, Yeah. It's like that audience was happy that we were there. Yes. But they were so quiet that it was just like, are we just supposed to power through this? And so that's kind of what we did Because there were no, my favorite murder live shows really yet. Wherever, you know.


So I also wanna say that in it, I talk about my mom and stepdad and bringing them to Chicago. And I did that and it was great. I was okay. I was told my dad that when I made it, I would get him a nice little rv and Vince and I did stick to our word and we got him a cute little conversion band. That's all he wanted. We offered him like a real rv and he was like, no, I wanna be inconspicuous when spending the night in a parking lot. Or like, it's just, he, he's living his dream. So yes, he's a Real, he is Jack Carac on the road. Yes. That's Martys life. Exactly. Exactly. He's, he's like a, he's like a poet wanderer man. Right. But with a lot of desert hot Springs involved. Yes. It makes sense to me because having driven in some ARVs and some Yeah.


Kind of sleeper vans like that, the van is so much better because you get the same once you're inside, you're just inside. And it's nice when it's like smaller 'cause you're warmer. Right. Those big ones are just kind of like hard to drive. They're Hard to park anywhere to drive to navigate. Yeah. He's so He, you take down all the banners, right? He happy every banner gets ripped down. So let's get into Georgia's story about Lana Turner.


Hey Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not Ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh Yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twist and turns. Their vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard Forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God. Once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh my God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-S a.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trod wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable Wireless. And that's where visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the go Visible runs on Verizon's 5G Network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's All digital. You manage your plan in the app and you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible.com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


What if I told you the most important part of your spring cleaning routine takes place in your sock drawer? I still have socks from 1991. Oh no. Well this is for you, Karen. It's time to ditch your mismatched tired old socks and refresh your collection with some bombas. You know, it goes great with a new pair of spring socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all that too. Do you remember when we were recently at a podcasting party? Everyone was a podcaster, so everyone knew about Bombas and one person in heels was like, I wish I literally had my bombas. And then someone else was like, they really are the best. We're podcasters. We've all tried them. It's real. Everyone was into them and wish they had them on at the party. I Have a pair of slippers from Bombas from like a while ago and I bought a second pair for like house guest slippers. Like just in case someone else gets cold. And people love those slippers. It's So smart. Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head Over to bombas.com/mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. Bombas.com/mfm and use code mfm. Goodbye.


So you wanna go first This week? Who's alright? I think I'm first. Yeah, I wanna be first because I'm scared. We got the same one. And then, then we're gonna, and then, and then You screw yours and then we're go in. Yes. No, I mean, jump right in if we did. Okay. Does the person that the story revolves around, does her name start with Lana? No. Oh Good. Okay. Lana Turner. Everyone knows her and loves her. The witch said That was like, you were gonna get an applause break. Lana Turner. Motherfucker. I realized as thank you as I realized I said that maybe nobody here knows who that is. They're under 30. I mean, it's always A possibility. She was born in 1921, so that was a long time ago. She was this like, like film noir actress, like hot blonde, like bombshell chick who was like a leading actress in like crazy dark films, right?


Like Noir Film, like film noir, like noir films. But you were translating it from the French into just dark for the American dark as fuck for this American Film Noir means dark as fuck. She, she was discovered in 1937. And this is like probably bullshit, right? But like the story is that she was sipping a coke at the counter at the top hat cafe bullshit on Sunset Boulevard. And the founder of the Hollywood Reporter, which I just realized might be competition with entertainment. Wink. You Can't say that name. Like giving us the cutoff sign. It just goes Dark in here. And when lights come up, we're gone. It's Super hot all of a sudden. So, I mean, come on.


Is that true? She's eating a fon, no old sandwich. No, Those are all lies. That's all publicist shit. She Was like, I don't wanna get gross or do I, okay, so she was 16 apparently signed of a contract at Warner Brothers and then she became an nu Do you guys hear that loud music through the wall? I do. No, it's just you. Oh, okay. Blonde bombshell leading actress reputation as a glamorous, femme fatal. Fem Fatal. I thank you. No, I wasn't correcting you. No, but you were right. She wa she was not made for an academy award in 1957 for Peyton Place. What I'm saying is big time. You know what I mean? Like gorgeous. Big time. Well, she kicked at, well she kicked ass at her career. I wrote, she sucked at relationships.


Oh no, I know she haven't. We all been there ladies. She dated a lot, changed partners often and never shied away from the topic of how many lovers she'd had in her lifetime. By then I wrote, which is fine for men, but if a woman does it, it makes everyone uncomfortable. Bullshit. Fuck the page. You know? And then she said, and I kind of wanna make you read her voice. Let's do it. Are you good? Okay. So it's right here in quotes. All those years that my image on the screen as sex goddess. Well that makes me laugh. Sex was never important to me. I'm sorry if that disappoints you. But it's true.


Romance. Yes, romance was very important, but I never liked being rushed into bed and I never allowed it. I would put it off as long as I could. And I gave in only when I was in love or thought I was. Which again, I know. Think about Jojo. I actually put a Lot of quotes in this just so you, so, So just, if I could do action, I should have had You prep your voice before This week. What If I had discovered it? Ew. Pop fest. Oh my God. Eating a tuna fish sandwich of the count. You can do the boy Thank You. Which again is bullshit. She fucked immediately probably and then dated them and it's fine.


It's fine to fuck immediately. Listen, you get to do what you want is the idea. Like she, She can be like, I, I like, I'd like to screw, but only when I like if I, if I like, if I have to romance, if I, if I'm, I never allow it. Allow it. It's fine. That was my Dre. She's dead. It doesn't matter about You just ruined my story. Sorry. Sorry. Spoiler alert. Fuck. Spoiler alert. She gets murdered at the end of this. Oh, she Doesn't, is that disappointing? Oh, does she murder someone? No, You don Dunno the story. Oh, it's good. I'm excited. Okay, great. I'm glad. Whew. All right. 1942, Mary's her second husband actor and restaurateur Joseph Steven Crane. They have a daughter.


Ended up being her only kid, Cheryll Crane in 1943. Then they divorced in 44. And then I wrote, okay, now this story gets dark. Great. You ready for this? Yes. Her fourth husband was actor Lex Barker. And she married him in 1953. And then in Cheryl's memoir detour a Hollywood story, which came out way later. Cheryl Crane claims that Barker, the husband, repeatedly molested and raped her Bad news Saying that at age 10 he lure her into the sauna, which sounds like a nightmare to begin with. That's like with your stepdad and a fucking sauna and told just Kind of saunas Anyway, because yeah. Have you ever gone to like the one at Burke Williams and then the door closes and you're like, what if it locks forever separate from a creep being in there with you just, and the girl Who died in the cryogenic freezer.


Oh yeah, that's right. What a fucking nightmare. It's a different episode. Sorry. Everything. Yeah. Told her it was up. Oh God. It's like, how gross do you want me to get? He exposes to her himself to her in a sauna, like sweaty dick. It's just got like, what a pervert, perverted, sweaty. Then he starts raping her a lot. But when Lana Turner found out about it, she held a gun to Barker's head while he slept and thought about killing him. She didn't. And in the morning she kicked his ass out, which is great, because a lot of times back then they were like, you're a lying liar. Yes. You know what I mean? I love, Yeah, They divorced, but to avoid scandal, no criminal action was taken against Barker.


Fuck that shit, man. Yeah, That's old Hollywood. I mean, that's fucking current Hollywood probably too. Let's not Talk about it. Let actors are the best Love Hollywood people. It's so fun and light. Oh, and they never worked again. Our last appearance was at EW Pop Fest 2016. So, okay, so Cheryl is 13 and her mom starts dating Johnny Stato. Yeah. Does He sound like a bad guy? No, not at all. You're Wrong. Does he have a big white suit? Like, like S Stato? Like is he in Talking Heads?


Is that that kind of Thing? Or like, he looks like, why can't I think of his name? Who's the guy that hosts Family Feud? Steve Harvey probably looks like that. It, the audience never likes a joke if they're the ones that had to provide the punchline. I've learned that over the years. They think you're lazy, But we're not. And crazy we're, We've just, I've just, yeah, I've pickled my brain. White wine and Yeah. Tell me about Johnny Stomp. Well, he was a, well here, he's a bodyguard for Mickey Cohen, the famous gangster bad guy. And he was an enforcer for the crime family. So in case you guys don't know, Mickey Cohen was like a hardcore gang gangster, like Gangland gangster.


And in her memoir, Cheryl describes him as a Be picture, good looks thick set, powerfully built and soft spoken, and talked in short sentences to cover a poor grasp of grammar and spoken deep baritone voice with friends. He seldom smiled or laughed out loud, but seemed always coiled, holding himself in, had watchful hooded eyes that took in more than he wanted anyone to notice. Cheryl, like Aaron Gibson Businesslike than her mother, Lana Turner, Apparently. Yeah. I'm doing all different characters today. I love it. Thank you. So he is a jealous, abusive man. And one time he got super pissed because Lana was filming another time, another place in London with Sean Connery, who like, man, he's hot, he's hot back then.


And he got super jealous, like showed up in London. And then they, they got in a fight, he choked her and she had a missed three weeks of filming because her fucking vocal cords were screwed up because Wow. That Wow. Like he's a fucking dick. Well, Mafia. They're Serious. Yeah. He later shows up on set with a gun and threatens her and, and Connery motherfucking Sean Connery overpowers him, grabs the gun and beats his ass and sends him fucking running from the set. Sean Connery, Sean Connery, next month on Entertainment Weekly, Let's see. And then later, but then later he holds a razor blade to Lana Turner's face and says that he'll disfigure her and like enter her career.


So he's a fucking dick. Back in La Turner. Lana Turner tells Cheryl, her daughter, who's 13. Ready? This is Lana Turner. I'm going to end it with him tonight, baby. It's going to be a rough night. Are you prepared for it? Super chill at someone's mother. Yeah. Like send her to fucking Mom. I, mom, I'm trying to watch tv. Get out of here. What Would they be watching back then? Like Dick Van Dyke, My mother, the car. There you Go. Dead silence. Like, I thought that was funny. They thought I made it up. Yeah. Isn't that from Arrested Development? Turned it. Okay. When she, when she, he, so Ano San Pando comes over and, and when she told him it was over, you ready again?


I mean, do you want me to start going? I'll go, I'll Go. I'll do it. You do it. He Grabbed me by the arms and said, started shaking me and curse very badly and mean, saying that if I, if I, if he said jump, I would jump. If he said hop, I would hop. And if I had to do anything, I, this is why I had you do it. And everything he told me, he'd cut my face, well cripple me. And if I went beyond that, he would kill me and my daughter and my mother. I'm, this is why I am, this is why you're the actor of family. Here's the thing, the anytime you're doing a voice halfway through, you wanna give up. Oh. And you just power through. Okay. That's my advice to you. All right. I Guess. But here's what I love. He said, if I say jump, you'll jump. And if I say Hop, you'll Hop. That's a hip hop song, isn't it? If I say jump, you say what?


I'm just saying, why doesn't he pick other stuff that's different than jumping and hopping? Like he could have total control over this woman. If I say, gimme all your money, you gimme all your money. Yeah. Or just shut up for a while. Yeah. But instead it's hopping and Jump. Hopping and jumping. Sounds exhausting. Take a nap. So she breaks away and says, don't ever touch me again. I am, I'm absolutely finished. This is so bad. This is the end and I wanna get you out. And then she says, I was walking toward the bedroom door and he was right behind me. And I opened it and my daughter came in. I swear it was so fast. Truthfully, I thought she had hit him in the stomach. The best I can remember.


They came together and then they parted, wait A second, I still never saw the blade. The daughter killed Johnny Stato. Wait, did you guys know about this? What the, at 13-year-old. 13 years old. Fuck fucking stands at the bedroom door. She had come in earlier because she heard her mom getting beat up. And her mom was like, please go back to your room. Like, I'm fine, this is taken care of. And she said she doesn't remember going down to the kitchen and grabbing a butcher knife. And she stood by the door and begged her mom to let her in. Finally, the mom lets her in and she fucking barrels past Lana Turner and stabs him in the fucking gut. And then he, let's see what, let's see.


Oh, single time in the abdomen slicing his kidney and it struck the vertebrae and twisted upward puncturing his aorta. Whoa. She fucking went for it. Wow. This badass little bitch. And there's photos of her and she's this like cute Thing. Cheryl tda. Cheryl. Cheryl, She, she fucking defended her mother. Shit. I mean Right. She was like, Where, why didn't she get the spleen in there? While she was at it? There was, I mean, she hit so many key, She, she knew how to stand. Like it's not just the thing, it's like a fucking thing. You know, it's like a ripping. But Also there's, to me, the first thing I think of is like, this is a child who's been put in danger by these men, strange men that keep coming into the house because of the mother.


And the mother isn't safe and she's gotta fucking like, take action. But it's also Probably this crazy thing of like, you know, this mother who you keep seeing, making these mistakes that are affecting you as well. And you're gonna prove to your mom how much you care about her. Right. And like that you will do anything to take care of her. Yeah. You know, this like sad woman who had to, had to be like through the industry and taken advantage of and bullshit of the fucking having a coke at the counter. Like she probably went through a lot more shit. Yeah, yeah. Right. Sure. She wants to, she wants to take care of her mom. I just like that when we get serious, there's some gorgeous houseless music to play behind her. I mean, I wonder if This just set that mood. Yeah. This is very, this is actually, yeah, we become an NPR podcast where there's like, it's very, there's music in the background all the time.


Ambient music, ambient music. And it's like, it, it it, yeah. Like Jojo's singing in the background. So she fucking, oh, you're dancing a little bit. I thought you were pointing at me to like, fucking finish. Can you go on, wrap it Up? So she fucking stabs him. That's so, and there were all these room, like, there are all these like, you know, everyone who likes to do a, what's it called when you have these conspiracy theories? A conspiracy theory. Yes. That Lana Turner actually, you know, sometimes you gotta work through it on your own. Yeah. Sound it out. Yes. Make it come to you. Conspiracy Theories that Lana Turner actually killed him and like made her daughter take the blame because she was 13 or 14 and she wouldn't get as much trouble.


But then, let's see, so the police arrived. Cheryl admits to the stabbing, she's taken a juvie and then there's a coroner's interest in Nope. Inquest. And in it, so there's like basically a trial to see if she should go to trial, I think was what it was. 'cause she's a minor and, and mobster Mickey Cohen who was fucking big time. Like, and this is When I invent Las Vegas. Yeah. Yeah. And this is like when, when Cel, oh No, that's Bugsy Siegel, Right? Yes. They're all Jews. Are There Fuck anyone, anyone in the mafia here today? Anyone can help us out. Anyone? Anyone? Well, no one. They murder me at the end of this big time guy. Like, and this is when Hollywood and, and the mob were kind of, you know, they needed each other in certain ways and so they were co-mingling.


But he was the person who I identified Johnny's body at the morgue. So he had to testify. Mm. Can you imagine having, like, being the lawyer who's about to fucking question a huge Yeah, he's like later days. But Oh, sorry. Sorry. Go ahead. No, go ahead. Well, I was just gonna say he, was he there to like, speak against Cheryl or were they were just there to kind of state the facts? I think that they, I think that the, the mob was pissed off that she, that, that they, well, lemme tell you what happened. Okay. So Lana Turner testified, and it's like in the, in her best role yet she explained what happened that night, which insinuates that she's fucking lying. Right? You're not. And then so she testifies and that's where all those quotes come in that you read earlier.


So brilliantly. Thank you. You are welcome. Then they, the, the jury takes less than half an hour and decides that Johnny Stomp auto's death was a case of justifiable homicide. And so all these gang members are fucking pissed about that. And that they said that Cheryl was acting on a fear for her life and that, and for that of her mother. And they found that she is justified in using deadly force to stop him. And everyone was like, someone said, this is the, this wall Just falls, falls down. This is just, I'm trying hard to ignore it when the fucking background music is louder than the laughter of the crowd. You're in a, there's a problem. Well, my, the back of my head is shaking. Yeah. So Yeah, I'm Right. There's not a lot we can do. Yeah.


I mean, Just a Life. Okay. So they were like, this is the first time someone has been convicted of their own murder, that kind of thing. They were pissed off about it. Eventually the family of Johnny Sues Lana Turner for wrongful death. They settle out of court, which I always wonder like when you settle outta court, that kind of implies your guilt. Or does it imply that you just didn't wanna go through this huge crazy trial? I mean, they're like, give me two grants, like 2000, $200,000. How much is a lot of money back? Yeah. I, yeah, I'm not sure. I mean, I think it could just be whatever. It's like either you're not gonna win or you don't wanna keep paying for a lawyer. There's all kinds of reasons to do that.


Basically. Give me some money, which makes sense. I mean, if he was bringing money home for his mother and she's like, I don't have the source of income anymore. Yeah. But also you were maybe molesting my daughter. So it comes out later in Cheryl's memoir and she was quiet about it for years and years and finally came out with a memoir that details her molestation by her fucking the second husband and says that Johnny was molesting her. Oh no. I know there were rumors that Lana Turner did it, but she she takes the blame completely. Cheryl does. Yeah. Cheryl takes the blame completely. She had stabbed him and also that he had been abusing her sexually, but this fucking badass bitch, she had some trouble years at a teen, like went to a like insane asylum and like was sent to, you know, boarding school and all this shit.


And it was going very badly for her. And then she, she tried to commit suicide a couple times and then got her shit together and she became a successful business woman and real estate agent. She fucking kicked ass. Had a, and then ended up having a really close relationship with her mom. Her mom. Oh, nice. She came outta the closet and her mom completely, Lana Turner supported her 100%. She's been with this woman for, you know, decades. And she's this fucking awesome, crazy awesome bitch who fucking killed her mom's abuser, right? Yeah. That's so badass. So that's fucking it. Oh, thank you. This rare, the, the applause rarely happens in my living room. So this is so weird. It's very satisfying.


Steven Will do like, do a silent clap and then, and Elvis knows when the, like the last person goes. It's yes. But he doesn't, He Yeah. He'll come outta the bedroom for that. I just like watching you throw down your papers in Total Smash victory. I know. Legal and otherwise I don't even Know if like, that was a good story, but I just Act like it. It absolutely was. Thank you. I mean, what a story that is. It is one of the craziest kind of murder story Hollywood murder stories. There is. I would say It's really heartbreaking in a lot of ways, but Yeah, more so because that audience just didn't respond to us in any way, shape or form.


They gave us nothing and it was almost like a, a dry run for like the bigger shows. 'cause we expected nothing in that Chicago show. Oh. And then they, it's like we paid every one of our dues at the ew Pop Fest. Right. And then we got to go on to just have Beatles style receptions every time we walked on stage. But you know, who was in the front row from the very beginning cheering us on? Who? Steven Ray Morris, of course. Steven Steven from the beginning. And I'm sure he laughed solo. 'cause he does stuff like that. He's not afraid to like laugh when other people aren't. It's like so Try to be the laugh starter. Yeah. 'cause he's like regular comedy, like comedy fan. So he knows like Yeah. How important it is. Yeah.


So thank you Steven. His Steven Is, yes. Steven sent me a text the other day and it had like five crows. There was a Did you, did he send you this? No, it was a flat screen TV that was sitting in the gutter and then like five crows just sitting in front of it. And he took a picture of that and sent it to me and said, these crows are watching tv Steven. I was like, Steven, Steven, you, we spent like seven years of our lives together in the shit. Sweet. I love it. Well, I have some case updates surprisingly, since it's such an old case. Good. We should really focus on what we're here to do. Should we, I I don't think I ended the story very well. So in February of 2024 last year, author Casey Sherman released a murder in Hollywood.


The untold story of Tinseltown's Most Shocking Crime, which revisits the circumstances surrounding Johnny Stomp Auto's death. Sherman suggests that Lana Turner, rather than her daughter, which this was a theory, Cheryl May have been responsible for the stabbing, challenging the long accepted narrative. Gotta blame somebody. Totally. And people are like, there was mixed Yeah. Opinions about that. So that's a book you can read if you want a murder in Hollywood. And then also Cheryl Crane has occasionally participated in documentaries and interviews providing her perspective on the events of 1958. Notably she contributed to the 2016 documentary Lana Turner. Oh, I'm not gonna be able to say that. La Deton.


Yeah. Anyways, it offers insight. Just look up Lana Turner. It offers insights into her mother's life. And the infamous incident. She's 81 years old now. She lives in Palm Springs with her wife Joyce. Nice. The same partner I mentioned in my story. Like, bless her. I hope she's living her very best life. And I love when like old people have retired to Palm Springs. It's such a, it's such a nice place for people to live. Totally, Totally. So fancy. Maybe my dad can park his RV outside of their Yeah, he's, he can get out there at the, at the low. Loves it the low's parking lot and makes some friends. Yeah. All right. Now it's time for this story that I totally forgot about until I listened to this episode.


This is Karen's story. I mean, it's actually funny that we both did stories about children Yeah. In these murderous circumstances. Isn't that weird? 'cause it wasn't supposed to be like that. No, I think but we were doing like Hollywood stories. Yeah. And I think maybe it's that thing of like what, you know, in any kind of fucked up family. Yeah. It it's like people that aren't doing it well and then Yeah. It's like in Stiller in a way more than It's just very Hollywood to have like an old lady that won't leave her son alone and like, you must bring me my pills. Right. Stay here. Don't join a bowling league. Oh my God. Okay, so here's Karen's story about the Wasp Woman.


Hey Karen. I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh yeah. Well the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this Is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God. Once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trod wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable wireless And that's where Visible comes in. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the Go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G Network so you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're Talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible Plus Pro Plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app and you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com plan starting at $25 a month for Their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See visible.com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye.


You love your cat, but you don't love the smell. Of their litter Box The solution. Get a dog, Karen. I tried that and it actually doesn't work. The real solution is pretty litter. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent, lightweight, low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. So this is the kind of cat family I live in. And the Cat ladies, my sister and I are, I was at her house over the weekend and she showed me her brand new beautiful like robotic litter box. And we were both like ing and eyeing over it. And she uses pretty litter in it. And so there wasn't dust everywhere. Even though this robot like mixes it up on its own. It's magic. It's A true test. Yes, and Pretty Litter made it so that the whole room wasn't covered in disgusting Kidd litter dust. So I was impressed. Pretty Litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it. You will love it. Go To pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms And conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Mine is also about a starlett, but she was no Lana Turner. Mine is the story of the Wasp Woman. Does anybody here know that one? Well, nobody does. Then I'll tell you for a second. It looked my first, first. Well, Karen age was gone. And I'm just like, how am I gonna lie my way through the facts of the first page where everything came. Make It up. Make It Up. It doesn't matter. We've already told You that facts don't exist. We just a sidebar. I just saw a clip. We were on a local news in Sacramento news story about, 'cause we did the story of Dorothy Puente, who is an old lady who killed all the people in her boarding house.


And for some reason, I think it's 'cause it's almost Halloween, the Sacramento Local News did a story on, they just kept going a podcast. They like didn't use the name until they absolutely had to. Oh yeah. Is that 'cause they didn't wanna say murder? I don't know. I thought they were being rude. But they were. No, they were just mostly, they were focusing on the, on the story of Dorothy a Puente as opposed to us. But I'm sorry. But they were saying like, oh, it's my number. I got a note. Just 5, 6, 7, 8. Do you believe in love? Oh, we didn't tell you. We, we created a a 5 6, 7, 7, 8 and what? And two. And Improv dance.


Why was I bragging about that? Because, oh, because, because as I watched the clip, they start talking and then I realized like this is, there was a woman behind a news desk holding papers about to talk about the story we did. And I was like, oh God, I hope this is right. Like, honestly worried. They're Like, it was actually, they, they didn't find a dead person. They didn't, It was an live person. It was a man named Dawn who Was a h Yeah. Very nerve wracking. Anyway, all right. So my story is the Wasp Woman murder. And this is the death of a, a woman who was essentially, if you had to boil it down, a b movie star. Her name is Susan Cabot.


I'm assuming it's Cabot. It could be Cabo. I hope it's not Cabot Sounds right. Cabot Looks and sounds right. And she essentially, the background on her, it's, it's just gonna be there the whole time. But what if, what if we listened and it was like, Oh my God. It's one direction. And we had to drop our mics and run out there. Everyone follow us, you guys? Hey everybody. Anthony, You know, I got most of my information for this story from an article by a guy named James Maron who writes on criminal element.com, which was a really good article that I ripped off. And Yeah, But you gave him credit. It doesn't Matter.


It's, yeah, exactly. So basically, here's what happened. On the night of December 10th, 1986, the police got a call from forty six oh one Char and Lane in the San Fernando Valley. Anyone Valley represent Valley Valley. It's where parent is, hipster parents. Two people are like, yeah, I'm in. Sorry. We had a kid and house. So the call caller, breathless breathlessly identified himself as Timothy Roman. And he said that a burglar had broken into their house and attacked his mother and himself. Paramedics arrived four minutes later by which time Timothy was waiting for them calmly outside the front door.


And he told the two EMTs that he had been attacked and that his mother was in her bedroom. And he believed that she was also injured. Let me Guess, he only had cuts down the left side of his body where he sat Himself as a Right. Fell, yeah. Fucking asshole. Give him a chance. We don't know anything about him yet. Sure, sure, sure, sure, sure. So the EMTs went into the back and his mother had been beaten to death with a weight, a barb, a dumbbell. And his mother was the movie star, Susan Cabot. She, oh, now I transition into her. See, I tried to, I tried to make this like good storytelling where, like, that's what happened.


But then here's the person. But then I already started talking about her at the beginning. So it's, now we're back to this part. God damnit, Karen, Unprofessional. Oh, that's what we, You know, Susan Cabot from such films as the Enforcer, the Prince, who was a thief, the Battle of Apache Pass, the dual at Silver Creek, the Viking Women in the Sea Serpent heard Of any of these, All your favorites from the fifties that you love so much. She was also in Machine Gun Kelly with Charles Bronson. Okay, I know that. But I, her biggest role in the one she's known best for is a 1959 film called The Wasp Woman, where she was the lead. And she played an aging cosmetics executive named Janice Starlin, who unwisely injects herself with a rejuvenating serum derived from wasp enzymes.


And it turns her into a lustful murderous queen wasp. Now, if you have seen this, it's fucking amazing because they basically, the fly came out and the fly was a huge hit. So Roger Corman was trying to make a movie and basically get some of the action off the fly. And so when Susan Cabot turns into the Wasp Woman, it looks like she just pulled a black pantyhose over her head that has like two legs, eggs on either side for eyes, and like, honestly, pipe cleaners. I don't Think anyone here knows what legs, eggs are. Legs, eggs. I know. Legs, eggs.


One person is sober. 31. Hi. There used to be pantyhose that came in eggs. I'll tell you about it later. Just super cheap. Be very funny though in when you see now, like I kept pulling pictures. I kind of wanna pass my phone around, but do it. It's just, it like, there's one picture where it's like her clearly turned to the screen like this, except for there's no, there's no definable features. It's just these, these like, these really bad pipe cleaner antenna and then these big weird eyes. Oh, and like kind of fangs. It's hilarious. They Spent the whole budget on crafty and then they were like, let's just fucking throw this thing together. They Were like, Susan insisted on getting blue cheese and now we can't afford a wasp outfit.


She wanted Plastic cups of wine. She had to get her wine cups. Fuck the, the poster from that time as they used to do like the illustrated posters. And it, it's the thing I hate the most. It's a humongous, like giant wasp that's bigger, you know, that looks like it's the size of a bus and it's attacking a man. But the wasp has a woman's face with a bunch of makeup on it. And that's, I hate that the most when, when like horror movies or whatever put a, a human, it's basically like saying I've turned into a wasp, but my face is still here. That's the worst. Because That wouldn't happen. Well, it wouldn't, but also what if it did?


I'm like, then there's your weird face that you took your wasp arm to put lipstick on and shit. Like this face has so much makeup on because You can't go out without makeup. You can't, even if you're a wasp. So, all right, so this is the movie she's best known for. I'm just saying keep it in mind. Okay. She also was, she was gorgeous and very petite and she dated tons of people, which is her prerogative, Bobby Brown, one of which was King Hussein of Jordan. He Dated around, didn't he? What's that? I think he dated A few actresses. Yeah, yeah, I think so. He looked, he had a kind of Clark G Quality and I think he hung out in LA and he dated her.


She actually drove Princess Margaret's Bentley. Like he, I think he set her up and kind of like made sure she had a great life after her b movie career was kind of fizzling. But then he broke up with her when he found out she was Jewish. Sorry. Yeah. Are you fucking, No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What? Have I just started vomiting? Also, do your homework. Like what? Oh, okay. The romance over. You May have Wikipedia Back then you gave her like the most expensive car there is. It should have been real, but no. Anyway.


Ugh. Lot of antisemitism in Hollywood. Yeah. And Jordan, apparently, even though we Fucking created Hollywood, no one's laughing. It's true. That's True. It's not funny. It's true. So when the paramedics went inside, they found what would be a classic hoarders episode inside the Cabot's house. It had been Susan Cabot, her and her son. And they had been living in this house where they said there were garbage bags in every room. Newspapers and magazines stacked in toppling piles along corridors, rotting food everywhere. Ooh. Dead rats floating in the pool. Ooh.


And they had 10 dogs. I, I was gonna say dogs and I live like a goddamn bum. It's crazy. I Was gonna say that. I would pay to go through that. 'cause what year was that? 86. 87. Oh, 80. I would pay, like I would wanna see all her weird shit she saved, but then the end kind of bummed me out and so I'm good. Yeah, you would like, I wanna go to the estate sale. But only after they cleaned it up, this Estate sale, once they cleaned it up, there'd be nothing left. It'd be like wood beams. And they'd be like, do you want, do you need wood? I'm good. So the, when they get back to the bedroom, they find Susan Cabot lying dead on her bed, dressed only in a Purple V-neck nightgown. Somebody remembered that it was purple. Yeah. V-neck blood everywhere.


A large arc of it was sprayed on the bedroom mirror near her bed. There was what? A arc of blood. Oh, okay. A blood spatter. Got it. There was blood spatter on the ceiling above her prone body and further bloodstains on the floor and on the bed. And the killer had covered Cabot's face and head with a piece of bed li linen before bludgeoning a heart of death. Which we all know what that means. Can't it's personal. Oh, right. I just wanted someone to answer. Oh, I thought we All, I sorry. It means they're Jewish. What? Stop it. Stop saying that word. This Is getting very anti-Semitic. Underneath that piece of linen.


Her face was all but unrecognizable. So overkill. He beat the shit out of her face. So now, now they come back out and they're like, Tim, what happened? And he's like, you will not believe this. I woke up at nine 30, I hear my mom being attacked in her bedroom. So I go to the kitchen as I'm, as I'm reading it, I'm like, Hmm, As you do, you Should have said you at least stuck your head in. But he went to the kitchen where he found a ninja warrior. Are you? I was waiting for the other thing. They always blame it. On what? Black people. Oh, A black person. Yeah. Well, he, he kind of went, he said there was a ninja who was a Latino.


Oh Yeah. Come On. You see it's a white person and they'll believe you every time. Well, So he said he fought with the ninja warrior, the, the curly-haired. Oh my God. Mexican ninja warrior in the San Fernando Valley. But the guy knocked him out. Oh. And so then that's, then when he woke up, he called. So they were, so Of course they were just there to kill the old woman hoarder. Like they didn't wanna kill Him. No, no, no. The old, they just wanted to knock him out and Then kill the woman. Hoarder Terribly murder her face. You know how ninjas are. So of course the police were like, something smells fishy aside from the 12 bags of garbage in every room of your home.


So then as they talk to him more and more, I think they bring him in. And then his statements to become increasingly inconsistent. Of course. And, and his wounds are overtly self-inflicted. And when he was asked about his relationship with his mother, he described it as very close. His mother. And he talked about everything he told investigators, including intimate sexual matters. Red Flag. Right. Well, I mean, why? Yeah. What a what? Yeah. What kind of breakfast are you having? That that's the conversation. How is your night? Well, I fucked so many people. Mommy, pass the ketchup.


Ketchup on eggs. Murderer. No, I'm kidding. I love it. No, just like trash. So when the questioning was over, he form, he was formally charged with his mother's murder. He demanded that he be taken home to collect some medication and that he needed, that he needed. And there without any prompting at all, Timothy led the detectives to the murder weapon. Oh. So in his room, he had, they had those 10 dogs. Four of them were akitas that were his dogs. And when the paramedics got there, they were in his room going crazy. Like wouldn't stop barking, going insane. So they couldn't go into his room. Well, when they bring him back after he is questioned at the police in the police department, when they bring him back, he brings them into his room.


And that's where he put the murder weapon. So that he put the dogs at like, it's all a little bit convenient of we couldn't go in there 'cause those dogs were going crazy. But actually, here's a bloody dumbbell that I killed My mother with and a scalpel. Oh no. Yes, dear. So adopted those dogs after this whole thing spoke. No, they, they had such a great life. There was a farmer that came into the San Fernando Valley. Really? And they live forever. See? And here they're today. You come on. Who a good boy, old really smelly dogs. Oh my. They would smell and they're like, I saw murder. I'm all crazy now.


I'm gonna eat your ankle. Okay. So here's my favorite part. And this was something that the p the paramedics noticed when they got to the house is when they were walking up to the front door, they thought it was a 13-year-old boy that was standing at the front door. Oh my God. And then when they got up close, they realized he had a, he had old face. Why 13? Which some of us have. And it turned out he was 22. Okay. And this situation was that Timothy was born with pituitary dwarfism. And so he, the way he was born, he should have only stood four feet tall.


But his mother got him on an experimental drug program. Oh, that's always chill. And it worked well for her in the movies. So he had been taking experimental growth hormone for 15 years and he grew to be five foot four. But the problem was that this experimental growth hormone was something that doctors had come up with. It was derived from the pituitary gland of cadavers. Oh dear. So they were basically injecting him with the hormones from dead bodies. And later on, this was actually a, it was a, the National Institute of Health.


It was like a, a program that they had set up for children that were born with dwarfism only to then realize af 'cause it was an eight year program that they had treated 700 children with this growth hormone. Oh no. Who suffered from growth hormone deficiency. They gave them this, this, you know, medicine or whatever, this treatment. And it turns out that, as we all know, when you use old blood from dead bodies or old, you know, growth hormone or whatever, that's one of the major ways you can get CRTs felt. Jacob Disease. What's that? Which is also known as mad cow.


Fuck. No way. Yes. So Key word here is experimental. Like why would you let your, who in here has a child? Nobody. Why would you let your Kids So many questions. Well, but this is the thing where it's like she is a baby born with dwarfism. As if that's unacceptable. Yeah. She starts putting him on this program that is essentially, you know, and his defense lawyers were like, he was a human experiment dude. Totally. And when you have the mad cow thing, part of part of the disease is dementia. Your personality changes. You have mood swings. You don't know where you are a lot of the time.


Sounds like It's like, get hit on the head or be in an experiment. Experimental, fucking dead blood. This has to go into the, into the triangle. It Can't be a lot of them. They're there, dude, They're there. Keep your eyes peeled. Churches. So then it was revealed. I didn't mean to do a dramatic pause. I lost my place And then laugh about, About then I thought I would use it. Then it was revealed that Susan Cabot, when she put it together, that this pituitary gland hormone that her son was taking, she thought maybe that would make her look young. So she started injecting it in herself too.


So they were both taking this, this drug that was making them insane. Who'd Have thought that a hoarder would be crazy I me and have bad ideas about what to inject into their body. So Page nine. So basically he stood trial in May of 1989. And his legal defense put, initially put in a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity. And they just basically said that the psychological symptoms, symptoms he suffered from extreme change in personality, dementia, loss of ability to think clearly and memory loss combined with his mother's behavior.


Because apparently she was just sitting in this house. It was, it was actually like, and the guy that writes this article, it's a really good article. He equates it to like Sunset Boulevard and all those, there's, you know, a lot of movies where it's like the old aging actress that can't let go of her beauty and her fame like Stopped in time kind Of thing. Yes. And go and like basically locks herself in a house and like goes insane. Yeah. And tries to get people to come in the house with her. Well that's actually what Susan Cabot really was doing with her son. But in like the super bummer hoarder's Way, like not in a charming, interesting, caviar Way. No, no caviar being served here. Old tuna fish cans probably in the way I've pictured It.


Just the cans are being served just, it's Not even true. Do you wanna chew on an old can? We're goats today. Help yourself. Wow. So essentially her Timothy's Tudor came and, and testified at the trial and said that Susan frequently screamed at her son for no reason. And then when Roman failed to take his medication, like he didn't shoot himself up. He literally couldn't add two numbers together. So they were, it was weird. It was like they were basically on this drug together that made them insane. And that apparently what he ended up Timothy ended up saying was the night that he attacked his mother, he doesn't remember doing it.


He doesn't remember going to pick up the barbell or any of the other things. He used to bludgeon her to death, but that she would not stop screaming at him. And he, she had been screaming at him and not recognizing him for like a week I buy it. So yeah, she, she was completely like over the edge and he basically not actually being totally stable himself snapped and just murdered her. I Kind of believe it. Yeah. You better believe it. 'cause it happened. And then I got Snap Snap. And that's what the prosecutor said during it. The trial. So essentially he was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter. So a, after hearing all the stories and all the people basically saying she was not Yeah.


And he was too, he had already spent two and a half years in jail awaiting the trial. So, and then he basically got three years probation. No, the judge concluded her summation by saying that there was no doubt in her mind that he had loved his mother very much. I wish he had gotten put in a fucking and insane asylums could be taken care of. Right. I'll tell you that the episode of, what's it called? It's called like murders. And it's that super cheesy eHow with aj, what's his name? And it's like called RYS and Murders. Anyone got this? Someone do my homework for me. Nobody Knows. It's on YouTube and you can see it.


It's about her, it's about this murder. But the, the guy himself, Timothy is on it and he does that thing where he's like the anonymous person. So he's in black in the rooms all dark w which thank God because it is probably like newspapers and fishbone. But he's Tuna fish cans. Yeah. Just stacks and Stacks. Oh you bet. But he basically said in it, like he's talking firsthand and just basically saying, yeah, I snapped. And it was a really bad situation. You buy it, dude. Yeah, Us usually I'm like, oh yeah, you were crazy. We're all cra like, fuck man. Yeah. That's intense. That's Like, yeah, that's some next level That's Entertainment. Everybody that's show business for you. That's how show business works.


Thank you. Okay. We are back from that story. I feel like my feelings about it changed so drastically from when you were first telling it till the end when I just had so much sympathy for this guy and what he was put through. And now that I understand hormones a little well too. Like you're not yourself when you've got hormones pumping through you that are not Oh, I think there's so many elements in that household Yeah. That were going on. It was a, seemed like a terrible, it was like the mental version of hoarders, but like inside Yeah. It just like terrible interior, not getting outside help, not talking to people outside and just spinning out.


Totally. I mean the, there's everything about, this is a little nightmarish on top of the wasp. Yes. Do you have any updates? No, I didn't say this during the show, but Timothy Roman died in 2003 of heart failure. And that is the only, I mean, it's kind of old, but Yeah. And then this is the first time we, I, we've only done like what two shows before live shows. But this is when we bring someone up to do a hometown. Right. I think for the first time, which is really exciting. And thank God it went well. Yeah. Margie delivered Margie. Great job. Let's listen to Margie's hometown. Hi. Come over here.


Come talk to Karen. Hi. Hi. What's your Name? Margie, Georgia. This is Margie. Hi Margie. Nice to meet you. To meet you. Do you wanna do it up there? Come on, come on. Come on. Yay. Margie. Margie. Margie. It's so cold. I'm getting cold. Which Means it's almost over. Sit here. Does this work? I don't know. Sit here. Come here Margie. Yeah, it works. It works. Margie's Got her backpack on. She's gonna run after this. Hi, back to go. Oh God. Hi. Hi. Hi. Lost your hometown. Where are you from? Oh yeah, I'm originally from Miami, but I live here now in my home Florida. Welcome so much. I love that. So I live here now and my hometown murder is here. Sorry, shaking. No, no. Hometown is is in quotes.


We all are. So I worked in this office with this dude. Oh wait, is this a firsthand murder? Oh yeah. Oh shit. Here we go. Whoever pointed. Good job. Yeah, thanks God. Buckle the fuck up. So this guy, like I was an intern in this office and he worked there. He was a writer there and he kind of would like creep on me. He would like rub my shoulders and like, can I get you a water bottle of sexual harassment? Yes. But when you're an unpaid intern, there's not a lot you can do. That's right. You Just keep so basically Quiet you and stop and don't make money. Yeah. Yeah. So I got the hell out of there, but I stayed in touch with people who worked in the office and basically recently This dude snapped.


So he had this wonderful wife who had given birth to two of his children and they were in the process of getting a divorce. Ugh. While they were getting a divorce, he had a live girlfriend who was now pregnant with his next child. Ugh, honey. So during this divorce, while he's with, with this girlfriend, he gets charged with this sexual assault allegation of somebody else. Oh my God. Third party. So there's this girl who was raped, divorced wife, new girlfriend. Baby's on the way everywhere. And when the rape allegation comes out, the girlfriend's like, no, no, I'm not about this.


So she leaves and he, they have like this apartment in WeHo. So he begs her to come back and he's like, let's talk about this, whatever. So she leaves the baby at her mom's house to goes to the apartment. Wait, that's good though. Leaving the baby behind. Yeah. Baby's great. Baby's fine. Okay. Spoiler alert. So, so she goes to his apartment and is never heard from again. Ever. Ever. Basically. I know. Basically. I'm pretty sure it was like the next day the, her mother was really worried. They hadn't heard from her. So they send the police over there. He had barricaded all of his furniture against the door. He was locked in his bedroom with her body that he had drained of all his blood.


How do you hope? And it had been dismembered. No. So we hope and we hope of all places this year. This year Niho. So yes. So more information keeps coming out. The dismemberment thing is like new information that we didn't know before. But the twist is that he is a graphic novel writer. He had written, listen, he had written, listen, this podcast fucking school, hold on. He had written this terrible gruesome story about a, I think it's like a scientist who does the same thing to his like lab assistant before this. Oh yeah. Like you're like a few years ago he had written a, had gotten published, it did really well.


But it was like this really gruesome, dark graphic novel where he had like hung her upside down, drained all the blood in his bathtub, had dismembered her, whatever. And then he fucking did it and did it. There's no way you're getting out of this one dude. So, no, that's my hometown murder. I love it. And And you knew him. Oh yeah. And he massaged you. Yes. Welcome to LA Yeah. That's what, yeah. Here for Margie. Thank you. Amazing. Do you wanna plug any, do you wanna plug anything? Do I wanna plug anything? Yeah, like your Twitter or your Instagram. Okay. Well my Twitter is Marge Over Matter. Love it. Thank you so much. My best friend John and I and my girlfriend Kirsten, we have a clothing line called Do or Die.


Yay. Kirsten is the one who handles your clothes. Oh my God. Hi, this is Kirsten. Yay. I'm gonna hug the shit outta you from the Printful, you guys. Oh awesome. That's her. She really wants to meet you. So. Oh, we're hugging. Yeah. Thank so much you that microphone. Yeah, we'll see you after. It's your, it's your parting gift. He's like, no way. Oh, alright. Awesome you guys. That's it for us, I think. Yes. Thank you so much, so much For being here. That was so fun. Alright, well yeah, that was a great hometown And fun times we're, I'm of course always being negative, but we had a fun time and we were truly so honored to be there at and be a part of something like that.


Definitely. Should we pick some alternative titles? Yeah. So like, what would we call this episode? This very special episode if we didn't name it Live from EW Popfest, Which I like to pronounce. The ew Pop Fest. Ew. Well there the first suggestion is, I never joke about Jojo. Oh, so good. Which is what I, what I was saying when you were like, is it really Jojo Elvis is here. Aww. That would be so sweet. What if I brought him? Yeah, you brought him and then you had him cue and walk by himself up the aisle like a flower girl, boy. Aw. And then of course, small, nice rv. Perfect. Just as a little perfect button like for this episode. Like that. I like that button. Good times. All right, well thank you guys for listening to this episode of Rewind.


We hope you enjoyed it. Thanks for being at the EW Pop Fest with us it both spiritually and in every other way. And stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


For some of us personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones, neighbors, the communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts. At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if you know, you know choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com and let us know how you feel the difference.