
This is exactly right.


The search for truth never ends. Introducing June's journey, A hidden object mobile game with a captivating story. Connect with friends, explore the roaring twenties, and enjoy thrilling activities and challenges while supporting environmental causes. After seven years, the adventure continues with our immersive travels feature. Explore distant cultures and engage in exciting experiences. There's always something new to discover. Are you ready? Download June's journey now on Android or iOS.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This is the episode where we take you back to the early days of my favorite murder, and we recap our old episodes with new commentary and updates and insights. And in today's episode, we're recapping episode 43, which I'll never forget the name because I didn't know what the word meant. And it was the first time I think I heard it. The episode is called In Arrears. In Arrears. In Arrears. That's right. In Arrears. In arrear. In Arrears. This episode came out on November 17th, 2016. RuPaul's birthday, Rachel McAdams birthday. Danny DeVito's birthday. Three Classic Scorpios.


Gorgeous. I hope they celebrate together. What a great party that would make So fun. But In the meantime, let's listen to the intro of episode 43. Let's start a punk band. Okay. Hey, What should the name of it be? Hard Kill. Okay. All right. All right. Bye. Welcome to My favorite Murder. My name's Karen Kilgar. That's Georgia Hard Start. Hi. We're here to talk about true crime murders and how it feels to be alive in late 2016, Georgia.


What are your thoughts? Oh, let's fucking get into, no, I don't know. Do you really wanna ask me that question? Dude, Let's go to the phones. When you Say late 2016, it makes me think that someday this will be like a time capsule, someone in, hold on. I'm, I feel like I'm talking with my mouth. You know that Like you are talking with your mouth, the whole thing? No, I just ate a bite of something and I'm have that like weird Chewed up food. Yeah, that weird chewed up food thing That you get in your mouth when you eat things. Yeah, I get that. Sometimes at dinner, Breakfast, sometimes. Sometimes lunch. I don't know. Snacks, Time, capsule.


Hello to 2050. I mean, seriously, everything that you do that gets put on the internet is permanent. Remember? Unless the internet goes down and everything, I don't believe that. That's very true. Unless the grid goes down and then I think all of society ends. That's What I really think is, I, I actually don't feel that this is gonna be a time capsule because it's all gonna go down. There's a really great book that I won't remember. Is it called? It's All Gonna Go Down. Yeah. But I haven't written it yet. And it's not based on anything scientific or not, it's not like you're a computer person or anything. It's just kind of like They, they're gonna do account in 2050, and the word dude is gonna appear 4,000 times in my book.


Dude, bro. Dude. So then I texted Georgia, sorry, I went away for a second because it, I had to remember this, but I don't know what you're gonna say. And I'm scared. I texted Georgia. No, it was just about something. But I, in the text, I called you, dude, it was like something congratulatory. And I was like, way to go, dude. And you wrote back, that's so, dude. I know. I saw that later. I did. Did you do it on purpose? No. Okay. I couldn't figure out If you were being, it felt like you were like, thanks. Like it was like you going Yeah. Thanks a lot. No, what I meant to write actually was Thanks, dude. But instead I wrote, that's dude, That's so dude.


That's Dude. Yeah. And I didn't, I didn't notice it till like hours later. So I was like, well, I'm not gonna bother her. It's like, it was like nighttime on a Saturday. I'm, I'm not gonna bother her now. So that's dude. Like, she's gotta know what I mean a little bit. I Looked at it, I was just like, she might be telling me to fuck off right now. Although there's really no reason to anyway. I would never, if I'm telling you to fuck off, it's because I miswrote something. Mm. Oh, because like, you typed in it because you were trying to write Thanks, Dude. Yeah. Ex. And if I put an exclamation mark, it's friendly. Oh, okay. If I put a period, it's not so friendly. If there's no punctuation, You're driving goodbye.


Yeah. You to hell Are we, do we have a, some corners? I have a Question Corner. Okay. Which I Kind of love. 'cause it's, I think it's hilarious. But last week in our very, in a very special episode. Yeah. In the breakdown episode, In the Breakdown when everything went wrong, when, when the grid started to sizzle. Yeah. And in the beginnings of The, and now it's fully aflamed. Yeah. And in 2050 when it's completely down, this won't matter. But I said that the moment I saw what I meant was the moment on TV on Tuesday night when I saw Rachel Maddow face fall, I was like, oh, we're fucked. Yes. But I, instead, I said, Ann Maddox, which is a girlfriend of mine who's like super sweet nuts.


It's someone you know in real life. Oh, Totally. It's like a friend of mine who's a comedian. She's super funny. Like she's great. But I was just like, and I saw Ann Mado, Ann Mado, ma Maddox. And I, I was just like, eh, when I saw Anne Maddox's face, That's really funny. Well, I haven't Seen her in a while. So that's not what happened. Somebody actually tweeted to us, and it was just the, with the quotes around it of you saying, when you kept saying Don Marrow, Oh, that's another correction. That's, I don't know if that's correction corner as much as his like stroke corner. It's, we should have stroke out corner because it's, it happens constantly. And when you were doing it, it sounded right to me. That's every time you said It, that scares me because A, I wasn't drinking, you know, B That was your mistake.


I can't, that was the problem. I said, I said become a, I was meaning to say become a bone marrow donor, but twice in a row, I, I said, don't marrow. And I didn't, I would've kept going If you hadn't said, and you said, don't marrow. And I was like, yeah, I would. I didn't even notice. It's, and those are the kind of things, I feel like such a, it makes me feel like an asshole, but I know that people listening are like, but that just happened. Yeah. Like, it would, it drives me crazy when I no come out, when I listen to podcasts and something happens and then your brain explodes because nobody says anything about, or it feels like people don't notice. I Wanna be called out all my shit all the time. Okay. I wanna be fucking imperfect and okay with it.


Yes. Same here. Me too. Yeah. I mean, I think we're pretty good about that. About being imperfect. Well, being imperfect and, and mentioning it. We are. I think we do it. We do it well. Well, 'cause I trust you. I know that when you mention it to me, you're just, it's not because you're trying to like Yeah. Make me feel small. You're just like, here's what's Actually happening. Good personalities. I know. That's why the other day when you told, you called me out on saying the word fucking all the time. I didn't, I know you didn't mean it like that. Oh, Okay. I know you didn't. If, if I did. Like, but I think no intention, you know, intention. Okay, good. It's very well, That's good. This is, we're we're really building a bridge of love right now. We are. It feels great. I mean, we need it now, Now more than our Time is now. I mean, 2016 Now, more than ever Now.


More than ever. I have a, this is a, this is a very official corrections corner that I really like. Okay. And it's from Milo. I don't know if I'm assuming Milo is a man. And it's, I love this. Okay. So it's misuse of the word psychotic. Oh, okay. Hello Karen In Georgia, I'm a big fan of my favorite murder. But one thing that I have noticed is a misuse slash abuse of the word psychotic. This is all me. 'cause I love, my mom was a psychiatric nurse. Right. So I use a lot of the terminology that she used to throw around. Yeah. But she knew what it meant. And I don't Well, When you say you, you say things psychopath. He was a, you know, he was a psycho, whatever.


Right. Yeah. It's in our vernacular. But I like, I like hearing this. Me too. Okay, so ready, psychopathy, socio sociopathy. I don't know how you pronounce that. One is different from psychosis. People suffering from psychosis are actually less likely to commit violent crime than the general public, and are actually more likely to have violent crime committed against them. That's So Interesting. While there are those who have mood disorders or display psychotic behavior that do commit violent crime, like Richard Chase, Vincent Lee, who, I dunno who that is. And now must know. Yes. Ally, the ways we judge them should be different than the ways we judge people who have more awareness for the crimes that they commit.


That's all I wanted to say. Thank you for your awesome podcast, Milo. Thanks, Milo. Milo, first of all, I hope that this is true and that you are some kind of Psychopath. Milo, you are such a psychopath sending that No. You know, that you're qualified in some way that you're telling us this from a place of education. Because it, I mean, look At, look, Wikipedia, it's, I'm sure it's Correct. I guess we'll have to double check it. I like, I like hearing that Remember when, remember when, like, it was like 25% of people are a psychopath Sociopath. And then you're like, corrections quarter. Yeah. It's only one quarter. Yes. I, yeah. I get intimidated by numbers, but They're scary.


But I love psychological terminology also. There was somebody that wrote to us that, that was offended by, by Something. By something. They were offended By something. They were offended by something. But it was a thing where, yeah, it was, it was almost just like a little, it's a note to be careful of how we are judgemental when people have a mental illness. I was Just gonna say that because we just read a, a hometown story where they said that someone, someone was, found out that they were bipolar. And I immediately didn't wanna say what they were. Because, because that's not an indication that you're gonna be a murderer or that you're mentally For sure.


Ill, well, you are mentally ill, but that you're, you know, dangerous or Criminal. Yeah. It just doesn't need the stigma. Yeah. I know people who are bipolar and they're very awesome people. Right. And I don't, I hate, unless it's something extreme and, and clear, I don't wanna say that that person is, has this mental illness. Yeah. And, and I think as being conversational and reading stories, and especially when we're talking about killers or serial killers, yeah. We can be, we can play it very fast and loose with judgements about them because we feel like, well, they're clearly a villain. Right. But the point that this person was making was a little bit more like, you know, just not everybody that has a mental disorder is a killer.


And that makes people, If you hear the thing that you have, but, but it's as if, like, that's everybody. Totally. We never wanna make anybody feel like that. No. Quite the opposite. Especially with mental, with mental illness and disorders, which we're very big on. Like fucking everyone has them. And some people treat them and some don't. And you shouldn't be scared to treat them because you found out that a fucking serial killer has it. I don't Wanna Yeah. Or like, it's just on this podcast, we're, we're not judging you. No. That's not what we try or trying to do. And we'll try to be careful about it. Yeah. We're judging murderers. Yeah. We get to pick and choose. So we judge and we'll adjust it weekly based on how much feedback we get on Twitter. Just always know we're good people. We're the best people.


Yeah. Al always give us the benefit of the doubt, even if we're being insanely offensive. You're, you're probably wrong. Not us. I just wanna clear that up. Such an official corrections corner This week. Oh, so good. Ann Maddox, shout, shout out Ann Maddox. You're doing such a great job helping us through our political times. What else? Oh, shirt. There's new shirts up. Oh yeah. I love that new shirt. Oh yeah. Okay. Good. Fuck politeness. Fuck Politeness. And then it says Marina underneath It. This is my favorite murder underneath it. Oh, My favorite murder design. It just looks like, kind of looks like the Merino design shirt. It's cool. We, we were talking about this earlier, folk politeness, but also in these very difficult times.


Be careful of the people around you. Be sensitive and try to connect on a human level in a way that you normally don't. Maybe I think it's super important that people around you understand that you care about them. Yeah. And If you are the kind of person who doesn't care about people, do your thing. But I just wanna underline that fuck politeness in our world means don't sacrifice yourself on the altar of politeness, because that could be dangerous for you. But it also, it does not mean fuck the people around you in general. Especially now. Yeah. Especially now. Now is the time to be even more kind of caring and connected.


Just don't like, let people follow you to your car and shit. Yeah. It's a we're talking safety versus, you know, when you're talking to the person at Starbucks, be nicer than you normally would be. Yeah. Because everyone's freaked out. But If you're being intimidated and you're scared of something, you know, it's a kind of a trust your gut type of type of saying. Yeah. You guys guys know what we're talking about. Yeah. But I just felt like I Should underline it. But there also, there's the Mr. Rogers quote of, you know how his mom always said, look for the helpers in any bad situation. Look for the helpers. Well, how about let's be helpers. Be Helpers. Exactly. Right. Yeah. Speaking of being helpers, this is my favorite thing that's happened to me in a while. Okay. So I'm no brag in the Writer's Guild of America.


Look, wait, what? I've, I've been waiting to Lord this over you for a while. This Whole time I've been talking to a Writer's Guild member. So in the Writer's Guild, they have this thing where, no, I do think it's really cool though, by the way. I just wanna say That, that I'm in the writer's field. Yeah. I mean, in the Writer's Guild is a fucking cool thing. Oh, Thanks. Yeah. No, I'm glad I mentioned it. No, but they, they do this thing where normally in every other, like entertainment union, they send you a thing that says, oh, you now, the, your yearly dues are 160 or whatever. But because it's writers, and most of us are freelance, they base your dues on based on how much money you made that year, which is, or per quarter, which is based on, it's so impossible.


The second I, I start thinking about it, I shut down and like, go and sit in front of the tv, like in, in protest. You big Old. I Can't, I can't. It's like math. It's all the things I hate. I get overwhelmed. Yes. So I have been In Arrears and my dues at the wg, I've been in what, In Arrears? Yeah. You Texted me that today. And I don't know what that Means. Oh, it just means you haven't paid your dues. It's a cold word. And you can't, If you do it long enough, they suspend your, your membership and then you can't work. So It's, that's how I, I can't, I, my sparklets membership is, I'm overdue on that. That's why you saw all those empty bottles when you walked up my staircase. You very careful. You don't wanna get into arrears with the sparklets guy. I'm In Arrears with sparklets.


He will kick you in the arrears. So it's such a dad joke. It Was amazed. I love dad jokes. So of, I have a lot of these things in my life right now. But one of them is, is this d the dos that I don't know how to figure out how much I need to send. And I won't take the time like everybody else does to sit down and do it, because I think I'm better than other people. And special, I mean, aren't You A little bit, no. So it's a thing that's hanging over my head. I get a letter today and I'm like, you have to open this. You have to face this. So I read the letter and the letter tells me exactly how much I owe. Oh my God. And I'm like, oh fuck.


Oh, this is the letter. This is what I need. This is exactly it. And I read the rest of the letter and it's like, please send it in in a timely fashion. It's just a, for, it looks like a form letter, except for it has my amount in it. Yeah. And the sign off is stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Fuck. Yeah. So my friend at the WGA who works in the dues department, and who sends out these letters all the time, Your new bestie. My new bestie helped me in a way that she will never know how much it happen. What If she's actually just been using that sign off for decades And she's going to sue us. And This first time it actually hit someone who was, who wasn't like, what the fuck?


Finally, someone could appreciate it. Yeah. Yeah. It was, I, you'll never know how much that helped me. It, It's, it's such a little wink to you. It's ama it's such a compliment. I know. Compliment. But then also it's like a person was like, I'll take care of that. This shit, this podcast, man. I mean, she's not paying my dues. No. Let's be, But that's the real favor. I'm looking. She Should, I mean, you're Welcome. It's thousands and thousands of This podcast. And I, I think la after last week's episode that I, I feel really good about. Yeah. The post-election episode And all of our friends And all of our friends who have been like, I needed that.


And I think we, I think we did what we were supposed to do, which was in like a fucking overtly crazy political podcast. But I like, here's the, here's the general mood we're in and here's what we can do. Which was awesome. It just made me flash on though our reviews for the sugar free gummy bears. Yeah. And then for the banana slicer. Oh, it, it was amazing. Well, now people are posting other reviews. Yeah. And I read the one, I don't have the name, but it's for the vitamin D milk. No, I Haven't seen it. And it is, it's called like something farms, vitamin D milk. And they've, they've posted it on the Facebook page, but it's, you can find it. It's Amazon reviews.


It's the funniest fucking Thing. Just like a, it's, it's like a jug of milk. Right? It's a jug of milk. But people are writing it. Like, have you guys poured this over dry cereal? It's awesome. I mean, you have to read it. It's, some of 'em are really short. One lady wrote this big long story. It's the funniest Thing. I love it. I feel like, I feel like what happened last week was what was supposed to happen. For sure. I'm really happy with it. And people have been so fucking kind and cool. I know. Not on your Twitter probably. Or our Twitter. Oh, Twitter's different. We know it's a big garbage can Of human waste. Of human waste. But on Instagram and everywhere else, people, I mean, that's the thing about this fucking podcast is like, oh, it makes me wanna cry crying.


I might cry. Go ahead. This is me crying. Cry. Right. You're gonna do a dry cry. That's basically what I do. 'cause I'm dead inside. But if it's warrant, I'd be alive from Merinos. Oh. And also over the weekend I went to Vince's, we went to this like charity event, and they had these like free bracelets where you can you, you pick a word and they, and they stamp it into this medal. And it's like your word of in, they said to me like, what's your word of intention? That every day you wanna look at, you know, like, breathe. Or like, you know, it's like one of those like, Dream I intend to breathe today. Yeah. Like, no, I will, You know, those like rocks that you get at like fucking bed, bath and beyond, say like, dream love, build, be happy.


Whatever the fuck. It sounded just, it just know. It just sounded a little bit like you said, dream blood. Well, that's what I got with it. No, I, I was like, okay, can I get S-S-D-G-M? So I have a, I have one of these that says stays sex. You don't get murdered initial. Right. And I wanna give it to someone at the Chicago Podcast Festival. Right. I need to give it to someone. Yeah. Just you mean pick someone? Yeah. You could throw it. You could pick someone, you could slip into their pocket and that you, they never see. Oh, that's fun. That's a fun way. Right. I just wanna, and I know it's such a fucking trivial, stupid thing, but I just think it's fucking hilarious that she was like, okay. And like wrote it down, like didn't know what it was.


Well, and it kind of seems like it's shorthand for some kind of sadomasochistic sexual situation, doesn't it? Ssb d, SSM BDB deal. I have this, I got my, this is, we can cut this 'cause this is boring, but I'm still gonna say it. I had my Goodbye skippers Goodbye. I had my DNA tested on 23 and Me. Oh. Which is like this crazy thing that you get your DNA test, it tells you where you're from, what percentage, and it also tells you what, what DNA abnormalities you have. And the one I have, the initials basically look like motherfucker. Really? It's mt. HFR some shit.


And it just looks like motherfucker. And It just means you're gonna die in A year. It really basically means it's that Abnormality You really fuck. Like you can't, you motherfucker, motherfucker. It's totally fucked. That's Hilarious. Yeah. You should have had that on a bracelet. It's me, the one with MTHF Kr. Well, it's like when you, what's the like, do not resuscitate bracelet. Yeah. Motherfucker. Do not resuscitate me. Just Don't just leave it. It's just Says I'm good. I'm My do not resusci this. You know what, If I'm down here, leave me here. My donor sticker on my license just says, just take it. It's like, I don't even care if I'm unconscious or not. You know what? You can have it someone else.


I don't needs it more than I do. I don't need this liver. Like I really just sit around all day. So just fucking take, give it to someone. Just take, just Give it to someone with a degree in something important. Someone Who's really trying. And we are back. Did you have any idea that your friend Anne Maddox would go on to become such a reality TV superstar? That's right. So she was Tom Sandoval's assistant in Vanderpump Rules. Yeah. Now and she became Ariana Maddox's assistant. I don't think there's any relation there. Okay. But yeah, she's like a hit. And I'm so happy for her. It's like she deserves all of it. She's the sweetest person.


And I love that. I fucking just randomly brought her up in 2016 and now it's like, yeah, everyone knows her. Yes. It's the best. Also, just the idea of you're mistaking her for Rachel Maddow is the, is such a one of those flips that I do where I'm like, it kind of sounds the same. I don't know. Yeah. And she does have a podcast too. I, I should shout out called we signed an NDA. Hilarious. All the assistants, right? Yeah. That's the celebrity assistant world. Such a good idea. Yeah, she's great. What do they do? Do they just, it's like celebrity one, two, and three I to listen to. No, I'll listen to it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So then we also talk about 23 and Me, which I just deleted completely. Good.


Recently you two. I was never on it. You were never on it. Okay. I'm One of those people that I never got Alexa or Siri. I don't, I am as paranoid and as kind of like stay away from me as possible. So any of that stuff, when it first came out, I was like, I don't care who I'm related to. I'm literally the opposite. Or I just like take all of my information, tell me what's wrong with me, please. Oh, you want me to input my like blood work info into this so you can tell me how I can fix myself. Sure. But don't you think it is because I lived 10 years longer with no internet than you. Right. Like, it was not reality for me until my early twenties. Right. That totally makes sense. So it's kind of just like, don't go into that room. Ew. Yeah.


Well you're right, because 23 and me filed for bankruptcy back in March. That's Right. So after having a huge data breach. So now yeah, take your, take your info down. You can download your info so you always have it. Yeah. Like your blood work and stuff, but then like shut it down. But I mean, they still have it anyway, so they Have It. Don't worry about it. Wait. That's gonna be for the future Blade Runner world where there's like a machine walking around with your skin on it or whatever. Sorry, I could be cloned so easily. But why would you like, why? Nobody wants, You're gonna find out. I mean, go ahead. She's gonna be a mess. But Then what if, what If you got cloned and like, they pick you as you're the future waitress of every restaurant or whatever.


Oh, I mean, what If you get picked? I'd eat there. She's a good waitress. She's funny and sassy. Yeah. But like also she does her side work and she, she'll close and be efficient and Sell you coke. Sell all the things you want. Sell from a waitress. That's right. Give you a little bump every now and then When you need it. Alright, well, should we get into your story, your first ES episode? Yeah, let's do it. Yeah. This is, I mean, when I was going back through this story, I was just like, Wow. I think it's one of the last child murder, death of children. Like I, I know I did more in the future, but it's that thing where it gave me that sense of like, If you could track my, the lack of interest or the reduced interest when you get to a story like this where you're like, what happened?


That's crazy. And then when you actually hear it. Yeah. And the reality of what happened that day is so tragic and dark and sad that it's like, oh, that's right. Like when you get to the end of many of these stories, you're just like, this is such a heavy Yeah. This is a horrible child. An innocent child who had no choice in the matter. And it's, yeah. I know you don't like to do those. Yeah, I don't either, but I do them more than you do. Yeah. Well, Let's get into it. This is Karen's story about the International Dunes Hotel murder, suicide.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With Squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Mother's Day is coming up and your mom deserves more than a card that says World's best mom for the eighth year running. Give her Something personal this year. Like an aura frame filled with all her favorite memories. Aura Frames allow users to curate and share their photos and memories with loved ones. Making it a personal and meaningful gift. These frames have been featured in 495 gift guides in 2024 alone, and they're ranked the number one digital picture frame by Wirecutter. And here is why they're incredibly easy to set up, update, and enjoy. So I got my sister an Aura frame, who's a mom. She loves it. It's on her mantle. And I go over there and there's new photos. There's photos of me with my nephews in it. And it's so touching because that means they see me every day, even though I don't see them as much as I want to. I know I'm part of the family, but I'm like part of their daily life in that way. Just by my photo coming up every now and then, which is like really sweet. It's beautiful. I know. Or has a great deal for Mother's Day. For A limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's a URA frames.com promo code MFM Support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply. Goodbye.


You know, Karen, you think you know everything about your mom and tell you, hear the story about the time she dropped your brother on accident when he was a baby. It's true. Yeah. And that's the magic of StoryWorth. It helps you uncover those hidden family gems that never came up at dinner. Here's How it works. Each week, StoryWorth emails your loved one, a thought provoking question, which you get to help pick. And the writing process is a breeze. All your loved one has to do is respond to the email with a story. Long or short, it doesn't matter. It's all about capturing their memories. At the end of the year, StoryWorth compiles all their stories and photos into a beautifully designed hardcover keepsake book. This book becomes a family treasure that you can revisit and share for generations to come. I don't have this problem, but I know a lot of people do. Their family doesn't talk about personal stuff. It just doesn't happen. You and I don't understand that though. No, it's hard to get your mom or dad or grandparents or you know, whoever to open up. Yeah. This is a really great way. Ask some specific questions and they'll tell you these answers that you never would've gotten just by asking them at the dinner table. So Give all the moms in your life a unique, heartfelt gift you'll all cherish for years. StoryWorth, Right now save $10 on your first purchase when you go to storyworth.com/mfm. That's Storyworth.com/mfm to save $10 on your first purchase. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Alright, can I just do my murder? I hate it. Yeah. No, Go. Why do you want Skippers? Keep skipping. Just don't come back. Skip all the way over to other, I really Like my murder, so So, Okay. Come Back for through the, no, This will be great. Well, this will be, I'll just skim this. I'll throw out some concepts. Karen. No, this was, here's, here's the long and short of it. I am doing the hometown murder that William sent in that I balked on because I thought that was so unfair of me that someone, I would've been so livid if I was listening to this podcast, gave a shit about it, heard my name. They started to do it and they were just like, no, I'm not Doing it.


And then, and then they were like throwing children. Nope. Bye. Yeah. So, Because I wanna know, So William, first of all, my many and thorough apologies for jerking you around, but the thing is that once you get into it, it's not like anything saves it. It's not like it gets better. Yeah. It doesn't have a different ending. Or like, there's not cool facts. So Wait, you were correct. I was correct, but I'm, I'm gonna power through it. Good For you. Sounds like life, Right? Yeah. You just gotta buckle down. You're correct. But you just gotta fucking, you Just gotta, you just gotta say the hideous facts. And the hideous facts are this, that basically this, this the, it took place on August 4th, 1978.


So you set the tone. We're in Salt Lake City. It's 1978. So you got, you got a lot of brown, you got a lot of corduroy. A lot of blondes actually. Probably. Do you think there are a lot of sideburns or No, I think there are plenty of sideburns. Good. I think there's blonde hair with brown sideburns, which is a thing that only happened back then. It doesn't happen anymore. Good. Remember Steven? Steven was there. He Knows Steven and Elvis. Really travel and band. So there was, now as many people know it, salt Lake City is a predominantly Mormon. I mean, the whole state is very Mormon, salt Lake City more so.


And there was a man, this man is named Bruce Longo. And he has been excommunicated from the church of Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints, because he's too rock and roll. If You're too rock and roll for the fucking church of latter day science. If your ideas are too big and bold and you get excommunicated, something's going on. 'cause those are people that like, they like a group, they like, they like their religion. They want people in it big and Bold is their saying. I don't know what's their saying. Yeah, I think it's big. And bolding. Big and bold And read all over big And bolden a couple tablets.


That's us. The LDS T. Wait, I can't wait to see that meme. So Bruce Longo, he got excommunicated and so he started his own cult. Essentially That's what you do when you get kicked out of a thing. Yes, that's right. You splinter off, you start your own, you grow a ponytail, you gain 200 pounds and you fucking act like the cult leader that you are. He also changed his name to Emmanuel David, which is a thoroughly religious sounding name. Yeah. It's, and the, I can never find a name of the cult that he started, but, but what it was was everybody in the cult had the last name David.


So that's, it was like, they didn't put together a, you know, 25 Davids or any kind of like catchy. The 25 days. The 25 Davids, That's our band name. The 20, there it is. That's her punk band name punk Rock. 25. Davids. But, but basically he got, it was mostly his family members and a couple friends and they got into it and he apparently was like all cult leaders. He's charismatic, he's very engaging. He has a Ponytail. He has a ponytail. He's kind of large and he gives people a reason. Yeah. You know, he's like a guide. How great would that be to have that, to believe in a thing right Now, if I could meet a 300 pound man with a ponytail that told me what was what goodbye.


I would quit this podcast. I would fucking walk on you both. I'm trying so hard just to let you finish because I just want you to keep going Because you knew I was just like, I was like, Please didn't even know. I was gonna say, I'll not interrupt this. You have To finish the sentence now. Email At Karen. No, I'm also, I like a bigger man. Don't worry, don't worry that I'm being sarcastic right now. No, for sure. Ponytail. No fucking way. No Gross. What are you doing? What are you gonna iguana dude? No. Stop it, dude. Ew. Did You say, are you an iguana Dude? Are you an iguana dude? You know the guys who hung out at coffee shops in the nineties with a iguana on their shoulders?


Like what the fuck? You're a iguana Dude. Yes. Okay, got it. Yeah. And they're everywhere. All right. So essentially he, they would travel all around. They were kind of nomadic and they would live in hotels and they would stay in these hotels. And then when they would go to leave like a couple months later, they would just skip out on the bill. And before Credit cards existed, I think. Yeah. And then that must've been it. Yeah. 78. I think there were credit cards. This was back when women weren't allowed to have their own credit cards. Shut your fucking face. Yeah. I swear to God. I Remember when my mom had credit cards and when she'd go to a place, they had to look her name up in a fucking like Yellow Pages book. Oh. Of like visa.


Oh, there's your name. And To make sure it's legit Just to like charge it. It was so different back then. Maybe I'm misremembering. Are you thinking of the phone book? They would look in a phone book, then They'd call her and be like, is this your credit Card? This is like two weeks ago. So I'm probably wrong. I'm sorry, go on. I'm sorry. So, you know, among the things that this group did was they made a large sword for him in Emmanuel David. They made a large sword There. You acted so casual about that. Among the things is that they prayed to, you know, the different God. Nope. No, they made a big sword. Got it. And he believed, he was declaring now that he was God.


He thought he was God. Jesus Christ. And the Holy Spirit all in one. Hey red flag, you can be one, maybe two. You can't be everything. It's a breakfast burrito. He's just like, I'm breakfast a burrito. Throw it in there on them. Everything. Hey, how about some sour cream? Yeah, Definitely. Yeah. So with his sword, he promised to lop off the heads of thousands. Ugh. So we're not, this isn't a positive cult. This isn't like Sephora. This is bad news. Like he didn't Give free samples. No, not at all. He didn't call you muffin when you went in there. Oh, I love it. That's a true story. It happened to me one time. Okay, so, so the police and the Mormon church were keeping an eye on Emmanuel, David and his group, because he would show up with his followers at Temple Square in Salt Lake City.


And they wouldn't be violent. There would never be arrests. But he, you know, he was there to like tell everybody that he was the real deal. He was a presence. Yeah. And of course he probably brought that sword. And then he, what he would do is he would separate the men in the group from their wives and children, send them off to different cities, give them some kind of a task. Like you, you know, you have to go off and preach in Nebraska or whatever. And then he would keep all the women and children around him. Cult leaders love that. That's their big thing is like, I'm everybody's daddy. So from 75 to 76, he lived at the Red Lion Inn in Missoula, Montana.


While his, his followers were working elsewhere, working quotes, air quotes. But then he had a vision. He decided that the followers he had sent away were actually ar archangels. And he renamed the Michael Raphael and Gabriel and Emmanuel. Then he, he told them that he believed the federal government was about to collapse and that Well, was He Wrong? I mean, he was early, that's all. And he promised that he was gonna save the Republican. Become its new leader.


Hi. Hi. Hi. So he told them to sell. Now this is funny 'cause I didn't set this up because I'm reading from the middle of the page. He told them to sell their karate studio. Wait, what? I forgot I've, I skipped a paragraph. And now I've, I've misled everybody. He Did the thing that every cult leader does. And every religiou that he says, sell your karate studio, they always Try to get you away from your karate studio. I'm sorry, chip chop. Karate studio will not be sold. You've gotta stand by that karate studio. Chip, chop, chip chop. That was the first thing came To my head. And you did karate hands while you said that. I did fucking chip, chop chip. And a chop. Steven Is Basically Steven's on the ground.


So essentially he was basically saying, you have to dedicate your life to me. You have these other, you have there, you have real jobs. You're kind of still trying to hold it down in normal society. Yeah, yeah. Break ties and give me the money. Go to work in other cities. And Later days, latter days. Come on. And I'm sorry I interrupted you. But that was really at first I that later days though. But then I was like, latter days. That's right. Later days, latter days. I see. And then you put 'em together. Did you see that? And but first you held your finger up. Like you had a great secret to tell me. Because I couldn't listen anymore until I said that. Oh no, I can't listen. Come on. No, it was good.


Look. Okay, I'm, this is just all he, A year later he gets the archangels to come back and he says that he has found the tablets that the Mormon church founder Joseph Smith claimed to have found and read. That's Joseph Smith Happen upon them. Well, he says he found them. So once they get back to Salt Lake, he doesn't have tablets. But when they all meet together, he says, I am the tablets now. We're right now we're into the bad. Imagine the feeling in your stomach. You're one of those archangels. Like you're in it, you're you're loving it. Yeah. And then suddenly it's like, dude, you're what? You're not tablets. Oh, that's not a thing.


This isn't good. You just Like, you crossed the line of things. I can't believe. Yes, But not, but once you're in, you're in and you have to kind of keep on playing along. 'cause you've already grown out your matching ponytail or whatever they had to do. I can't find any information about this ge cult. You're just like, well, I did this thing and I I thought this was correct and so I have to keep going with it. Right. Otherwise, Yes. Exactly. Well, and a lot of them were his family members, so they were like, we love him. And he, we believe in all his promises. They said He's not a bad guy. He's not. It's just his ponytail is bad. So, alright, here's the long and the short of it is the government is investigating this guy because they keep, he's, he is being investigated for wire fraud and other frauds.


Assorted frauds. It's Like a seizes candy box of fraud. He's dark chocolate with almonds. With no caramel. Oh, gross. And you buy, no one wants that. Why is this happening? This is the grossest fraud. I could've gotten Grosses. Where's the bar? What's the one you can't have of the seas? Candy box. I don't like that one. But I also Oh, the noot. You don't like noit The white Noot with the nut. Oh, With the chewing. With the chewing and the, I mean and the eating. Yes. I hate it. No, for real though. Is chew. It's too much chewing. It's A lot of chewing. Noot The fuck yourself. Ot. I disagree. I'm as new as OTs. That Compatriot. I'm gonna say, you go fuck yourself. Yes or no?


Yes. Oh, okay. We're opposite. We should split seeds. Can't Opposite. We're not opposite. We are made for each other. We're Made for each other, honey. Except for I can't eat sugar anymore. Okay. So it's one fact of, So in, in all of the ways he's broke, broken the law in all of the mint patty ways and all of the molasses chip ways. He's done it all. And so what he does, he, and so he, they've been living in the International Dunes Hotel in Salt Lake City for a year. This is a $90 a day hotel. They are living in a suite. It's him and his wife.


Rebecca, Yes or no? When you were sorry Rachel. A kid. That would've sounded amazing, right? Living in a hotel. Yes. I get to live In a hotel. It still sounds amazing. That's my Favorite. Yeah. Does it? Oh, I've been in hotels too many times and I just, they make me sad. They make me so happy. I do love hotel. I run into the bathroom immediately 'cause I wanna see the bathroom set Up. Oh, okay. I thought you meant like, 'cause you had to use it. I just run in there To pee from excitement. No, no, no. I guess you're right. Yeah, you're right. You're right. Well, here my thing is they're usually very quiet. Yeah. And the beds are cushy and you can just get into them and watch tv. That sounds like my house. Excuse. I know. But when I do that at my house, which I do a lot, I always feel bad.


Oh, oh, I see. In a hotel. It's like, huh. It's cute. One request a room that's not by the elevators. There's a travel tip. Good tip. Come On. Sorry. No, no. So they've been, so they've been living in this big hotel in Salt Lake City, the whole family. So he has, Emmanuel has a wife named Rachel. And, and they have six children. Rebecca, who's five, David, who's six? Joseph, who's eight? Debra, who's nine? Joe, Joe Shaha. Joe Shaha, who's 10, and Rachel Jo.


Josiah. Nah, it's J-O-S-H-A-H-A. Like aren't those names Haha. Aren't those names from a vc? Andrews book? Some book. It's a book that they're from, Kind of, it's a book that they're from. We See Andrews Rachel, who's 14 is the oldest, and then Elizabeth who is 13. So they're all living in this hotel. The government's circling. And so Emmanuel borrows his truck from one of the people whose last name is also David. He drives up to a canyon and commits suicide by putting a hose from the exhaust pipe into the truck cab.


What A fucking dick. You know? I mean, it is quite selfish because this family that he has every, by all reports of the people that worked at this hotel and people that were anywhere around this family, they completely depended on him. They were like, and they were also a loner family. So they, aside from the rest of the cult, which was also their, mostly their family, they didn't talk to people. They didn't interact. And the people that worked in this hotel said that the children were very quiet. They didn't speak unless their father said they could speak. And they didn't use the pool. They didn't like, they were not loud. They didn't giggle and they didn't go to school. They were taught in the hotel room by the parents. So they didn't go to the Caribbean and get their groove back.


I bet. Nope. This is, there's gonna be no grooves getting got, getting gotten back at, by the end of this, quite the opposite. So he kills himself. 'cause basically it's like the jig is up and you can't just, I'm sorry. You just can't stay at hotels and then leave. I would he have been fine if he had paid the bill? No, because there was other fraud. Oh, there were. Okay. It's just that the articles, I was on murderpedia for the most part on this. Yeah. And everything is pretty vague. And it sounds like it's like, it's like he, he was kind of a problem guy, but he left a trail, the city, but he had left this trail and it was basically like, here's how we can get him.


Okay. So it was just unpaid bills and wire fraud. Al Capone get him on tax evasion. That's right. Kind of thing. Okay. And also, I think he, he really was ripping these people off when they would join his cult. He was like, you know, it's like, sell your karate studio. Give me the money. And you go to Missoula, Montana. Right. To spread the word. So they're trying to get chip chop, get him. It's the old chip chop. All right. So when Rachel finds out that her husband kills himself, she tells the cops, well, we don't have any money. I don't have money to pay for the funeral. They realized something's terribly wrong. And three days later, on the morning of August 4th, she, they were staying at the suite on the 11th floor of the International Dunes Hotel.


And she walked her children out onto the patio and either threw or pushed all of her children off of the 11th floor of this hotel. No. So there were people standing on the street below and screaming at her. So they, so one kid hits and they're like, Oh my God. And they think, at first they think it's like an accident. And then it's six children. So it just keeps happening. And they're scream, they're all screaming at her. And I mean, I, that's part she's fucking Christ. Yeah. This is why I didn't wanna read it before. But I mean, it's that kind of, all I can think of is those people who were, you know, yeah.


There's pedestrians, there's, there were guys that were like maintenance guys that were fixing the road or something. True. Who? There's a truck driver. PTS Fucking D. Oh, yeah. That's so traumatic. Yeah. And, but, and they, she's throwing off the little kids and the older ones are doing it voluntarily. So, so it is like a horror movie. Oh my God. And then at the end, they all start yelling for her to jump off. That's like, they go through so much seeing this and witnessing it and freaking out that they get really angry. They can't Feel good about that too. You know, like they have PTSD, but they also have to live with that.


And they, and that's not who most of us think we are, but I understand why at that point you're like, fuck you. Because they're also down where the kids are hitting and They can't do anything. Yes. They're completely powerless. It's horrifying. Yeah. And the thing was, they didn't have to even yell that because that was her plan anyway. And then she jumped off Jesus Christ. All of her children died except for one. And it was Elizabeth who was 13, and she had severe brain injury, and she was in a hospital. They thought she wasn't gonna live. But then she did.


And she got better, you know, enough, they put her in a foster home. And then when she turned 18, she went back and lived with her uncle who was still in the cult. So the Davids were still an existing religious group. Jesus. And she lives with them now, still believes that Her father is going to come back from the dead, still believes Her father is God. And believes that everything that happened was exactly what would've happened. And says it's what they all wanted. Let's go break her out right now. She wants to be there. No, let's set Her free. She I know, I know. I just am trying To have a, it's, I, it's a solution that won't work.


That's awful. But you're just trying to do something and I appreciate it. Yeah. It's, it's such a horrible story. So it's A terrible story. It's terrible. The craziest thing is now they changed the name to the Shiloh Inn. The hotel is still there. You can go there. When we do a live show in Utah, guess where we're staying? Not there. Not fucking there People, there are people that go there and stay on the 11th floor intentionally. Oh my God. And there have been reports of hearing laughter coming from the first floor pool area when no one's around. But we know they weren't, they never swam.


Right. But still, maybe it's the idea of they get to have fun now. Aww. They're good ghosts as well as a pinball machine in the game room that spontaneously turns on and starts playing. Don't they do that though, To Show you how to play? Like, oh, you Know, that's right. They go into like demo mode. Yeah. I, I don't believe in ghosts, but it's, But it actually ghost this time. But its ghost this one time. This one time. And Yeah, people just hear voices and they, a lot of people think that this place is haunted. What I think is pretty interesting is Danny Elfman has always been a frequent visitor of this hotel.


Danny Elfman, It's, he first started going in 1984. He started at Wingo Bono, right? Yep. Yep. He was touring with Oingo Boingo, and he heard the story and stayed on the 11th floor. He always stays on the 11th floor. What he, he wrote Dead Man's Party inspired Shut the fuck. Inspired by that hotel. They have a Great old movie, If you can find it, called The Forbidden Zone, made by Lingo in the eighties. That's creepy and fucked up. And I wonder if Maybe it's connected or inspired by Sure. Also, it's believed that he was so fond of his young friends. Oh. Because he had ghost experiences when he was staying there, dude.


So that's, he like, he would go there intentionally. Trust A fucking Elfman. You trust Elfman. Yeah. I mean, he wrote The Simpsons theme. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. He would go to stay there. And he stayed there while he composed the music and lyrics for the Night Nightmare before Christmas. Fuck yeah. That's amazing. You just dropped your paper. I dropped it as if to say at least there was one good thing in that. Oh, story That, Yeah. Mm. There's that. So William, we, we owe this all to William. This was his, this was his hometown murder originally. And it, it got kicked all the way up to full, a full grown Two bad.


William stopped listening and fucking went on a murder spree when he, when you didn't finish his Story. He was so angry. He was so mad at me. He was so pissed. All Right. Thanks. Thanks, William. That Was amazing. All right, we're back, Karen. Any case updates? No case updates, but definitely corrections. Of course. So there were altogether seven children, not six children. I, that was a copy paste error for my, of course. Very professional and extensive research that I did 45 minutes before we used to record. And also one of the David children, I pronounce his name very strangely, it was actually Joshua. So it was either like a misspelling or whatever.


But also the name of the surviving daughter was not Elizabeth, I'm not gonna say her name. She is, it's unclear where she lives now. And she went through such a horrible thing. Yeah. You know, like on a slightly brighter note, iguana dudes of episode 1 63 is covered on mfm animated, obviously titled Iguanas and Samurai Swords. So you can go watch that on the YouTube page. youtube.com/exactly. Right. Media. We just Love those iguana guys, don't we? We love to reference them. They're, you know, they take up a very large footprint in our culture because they're out on the sidewalk showing off their lizards.


Yeah. And I want, and is it just a nineties thing? I don't know. Or eighties, nineties. It feels like a specific nineties thing for sure. So Yes, it was a real special before the internet and phones. Yeah. It was a great way to break the ice when you were just kind of standing outside of a restaurant somewhere, Right? Hey, man, I like your goatee and your iguana and your iguanas. Goatee. Yeah. Let's talk, talk about all this facial hair. There's so much to talk about. Also, I wanna say, oh, during the original story, I asked if the Church of Latter Day Saints has a catchphrase, like Just do it. Or I'm loving it, which I can't believe I said that. So funny. And it turns out well, no organized religion has an official catchphrase. Wait, which like what I thought Catholics was.


Amen. Okay. Ours is like the chosen ones, bitches. The LDS church commonly uses the phrase choose the right, especially with youth groups. But I think later days, latter days way better is maybe some of my best work ever. Like I think you've done some of the, your most brilliant comedy around the church of Latter Day Saints Word play, and I don't know why, but isn't that Livet Lovet Learn to Levitate? Wasn't that off of some story we were telling about a Mormon? I Don't, no. I think it was my birthday. And you were like, what are you gonna do this year, Georgia? Anyway, but there's some Mormon stuff going on for me for sure that I, you know, I'm just, I take it so lightly.


The Mormon religion, Sorry. You really do, you'll regret that later in your 23 And Me Clone has to work for all Mormons. I mean, where, where I grew up, literally, we were the only Jewish family and there was one Mormon family, and that was like it. So like I don't have a lot of experience there. Everyone else was bright Orange Christian. Everyone else was wasp, wasp, Spy. I was gonna say, we have, and it's such a, I think, an indicator of what we do and how we do it. One of the most horrible stories, of course, we've ever talked about, truly though the sidebar jokes, some of the funniest, we've been conversationally, I think I was laughing out loud where I was like, oh, I get white.


People like us. I get it. I get it. Because we're Actually, I don't forget why they were mad a little. The people who didn't like us we're mad. I get that course, but also they're wrong. So it's okay. But yeah, we were a lot more lighthearted during the stories back then than we are now. Yes. We thought the room that we were in had two people in it. And the room that we were in had at that time, I believe 40 million people in it. Yeah. So we were gonna get some detractors and some people who like touristed in and said, you have no right. And they're right. They were right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. Yep. They choose the right. They're like Mormons. Anyway, So now let's get into Georgia's story. The Tylenol poisonings. Oof. One of my favorites.


You know, Karen, you think you know everything about your mom until you hear the story about the time she dropped your brother on accident when he was a baby. It's true. Yeah. And that's the magic of StoryWorth. It helps you uncover those hidden family gems that never came up at dinner. Here's How it works. Each week, StoryWorth emails your loved one, a thought provoking question, which you get to help Pick. And the writing process is a breeze. All your loved one has to do is respond to the email with a story. Long or short, it doesn't matter. It's all about capturing their memories. At the End of the year, StoryWorth compiles all their stories and photos into a beautifully designed hardcover keepsake book. This book becomes a family treasure that you can revisit and share for generations to come. I don't have this problem, but I know a lot of people do. Their family doesn't talk about personal stuff. It just doesn't happen. You and I don't understand that though. No, It's hard to get your mom or dad or grandparents or you know, whoever to open up. Yeah. This is a really great way. Ask some specific questions and they'll tell you these answers that you never would've gotten just by asking them at the dinner table. So give all the moms in your life a unique, heartfelt gift you'll all cherish for years. StoryWorth. Right now, save $10 on your first purchase when you go to storyworth.com/mfm. That's Storyworth.com/mfm to save $10 on your first purchase. Goodbye. Goodbye.


When you were a kid, money management meant not losing your $5 bill before the ice cream truck arrived. Now there's Acorns early. Finally, a way to help your kid learn about money without the chaos. Acorns Early is a smart money app and debit card for kids that helps 'em learn the value of money. The app also has tons of interactive courses that make learning about money fun. Acorn's, earlys Chores Tracker helps kids learn the value of a dollar. Just set up chores in the app, set a payment amount, and tick the chore off when it's done. Kids can spend what they earn with their very own debit card. They'll love the new sense of independence and getting to choose from more than 35 customizable card designs help the kids turn savings into a habit when using the app to set savings goals. They can even choose target dates and turn on the auto save features to help them get there. Acorns early. Lets parents pay allowances automatically. No more rummaging around for cash automatically. Send a weekly allowance to your kids' account with just a few taps. Head to Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns early app to help your kids grow their money skills today. Acorns early card is issued by Community Federal Savings Bank member FDIC. Pursuant to license by MasterCard, international TNCs apply monthly subscription fee starting from $5 per month and less canceled Goodbye.


Spring always shows up like a group text. Too many plans, not enough time to respond. Cooking grocery shopping. No, thank you. That's why Hungry Root exists. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped into one. That's right. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Most of Hungry Rich recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. And with over 15,000 recipes shipped Each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. I'm the kind of person who doesn't look for something to eat or start cooking until I'm already starving. So I need these quick little meals more than anyone I know. So you have a quick veggie stir fry, for example. You have a nice salad, a nice hummus, and eggplant pita sandwich. Those are things I can prep and throw together really quickly to just put in my mouth because I'm already starving. And I love that about Hungry Root. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box. And a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code mfm. Goodbye, Karen.


Yes. Let's go back to Chicago. Okay. Which we're going to next week. Yay. In 1982, Metropol Metropolitan area, which is such an eighties germ, isn't it? I don't know why Metropolitan makes me Eighties. Those really tall. The buildings are all staggered. Yeah. Tall, short. Tall, short, tall, short. And it's like it expands upon it. Whatever the fuck. This is the time before tamperproof seals and pills were sold with just a cotton bought tucked underneath the lid. So you went and bought aspirin or whatever the fuck, and you just opened it. And maybe it had been opened before and maybe it hadn't. There was no childproofing on it. No. As you opened it and there was no silver foil, None It, you could open it and then do whatever you wanted and close it back up.


Hey, guess what? If you were a baby, If you were an old, You just, babies could open it. Yeah. This is bef, this is the, this is 82. So it's before there were like a child, one of the things where they can't open the drawers and stuff, you have to childproof your home when you childproof. Yeah. Yeah. This is before that. Yeah. When, when the eighties were like, just eat it all That This was when they used to sell baby knives. Remember that? Where there was just like your, you could get your baby a really cute knife that they could just hold. Yes, I remember that. I still have mine. Do You? That's Your initials on it. And two ducks. Oh. Oh my God. That is the cutest baby. I have to say, my mom saved it.


One of my diaper pins. Oh yeah. You had, you had safety pins. Safety pins on diapers. Cloth diapers. Yeah. And safety pins. Gross and dangerous. The safety pin itself was humongous. Yeah. And so sharp And cute. So the baby would be like, I don't wanna play with that. With what the fuck. Yeah. How are we, how did we Survive? I mean, All right, so let's talk, let's start with Sep. I'm gonna do it kind of a timeline thing. 'cause it's like one and a half days of fucking a shit show. Okay. So 1982, September 29th. The first thing to happen is that Mary Kellerman, who is a 12-year-old from Elk Grove Village, Illinois, wakes up feeling sick.


Her parents are like, you can stay home from school. They give her some Tylenol to make her feel better. She goes in the bathroom to take it. Moments later, she collapses on the floor. She's rushed to the hospital. I know at, sorry, How old was she? She's 12. She's exactly the same age as me. Sorry. Because I was just thinking of like, it's 82, I'm 12. Oh, I thought you meant, meant right now. You were pretending to be 12. Oh my God. What The fuck? That's how old Im right now. Fuck is happening. I did get carded over the weekend, so it's Did you? And I was like, I know you're joking, but fuck you. I, we went to button mash and the guy was carting everybody else.


And then he looked at me and I just shook my head. No. And he started laughing and opened the door for me. Vince does that too. Yeah. He, he, he goes, he like, gestures a Come on, dude. Yeah. It's not, I'm not trying to How good is there food there, by the way? But Mash, oh, We didn't eat. Oh, it's good. Okay. Sorry, sorry, sorry. No, the place is great. She wakes up feeling sick. Sweet. Mary is pronounced dead at, at 9:56 AM Next comes Adam, Janice, he's a 27-year-old poster worker in Arlington Heights. Takes a sick day, doesn't feel good. He picks up his kids from school, stops on the way home at the Jewel, which I guess is a thing. It's like their CVS.


Yeah. And get some Tylenol. And he says to his wife, I'm gonna take some Tylenol and lay down. A couple minutes later, comes staggering into the kitchen. And he dies at 3:15 PM at 3:45 PM Mary Lynn Reiner, who's 27, is at home in Winfield. She had just given birth to her fourth child. Oh, yeah. So she's home recuperating. She's not feeling good. So she takes some Tylenol that she had been given and, and brought home from the hospital after giving birth. It, it's just weird shit. We'll talk about it later. She, she, yeah. So she takes those and then moving on to 5:00 PM So this woman named nurse Helen Jensen, who is the badass motherfucker of the story.


She's a public health nurse for Arlington Heights. And the, the Janice family. I remember earlier Adam, who was the poster worker, had come in the whole, the whole family, the whole Adam family. Oh shit. Elvis is gonna vomit. Oh, okay. Nuts. Welcome to my life. Gross. Right. I mean, I had pets. That's all They do. I know. Okay. So, so the, the whole Janice family is there. Adam dies. And so they all go back to his house to like, to figure out what they're gonna do and start mourning and planning the funeral.


And Adam's younger brother Stanley, he has chronic back pains. Oh. His wife, Theresa gets him some Tylenol. She comes, she gives him two Tylenol. She comes back and took two Tylenol as while she had a headache. They both go down. Oh my God. The brother. They go, what are the chances? They went back to his house where he had fucking fallen 6:30 PM in a store in Lombard, Illinois. Mary McFarland, a 31-year-old resident of Elmhurst, tells her coworker she has a headache. She goes in the back room, takes a couple Tylenol, and within minutes she hits the floor.


Oh, 8:15 PM Stanley Janis, who's Adam's brother from earlier, is pronounced dead. 3:15 AM Mary McFarland's pronounced dead. Nine 30 in the morning. Mary Reers pronounced dead. So everyone's fucking taking the shit and dying. Within hours. At one 15 TOSA Janis, the wife of Stanley dead. So at five o'clock the next day, police discover the body of Paula Prince in her old town apartment. Old town is the town the night before she, so she is a flight attendant. The night before she lands, she's a 30 5-year-old woman.


She stops at Walgreens 'cause she has a headache to buy some Tylenol. You, there's a surveillance video of this. Oh. And some pho, some photographs from it like that you can see online. She, she's not heard from for a couple days. So the cops get sent there. The bottle of Tylenol is sitting open on her vanity. And like she's, she steps away and collapsed. Ugh. So Nurse Jensen, who we were talking about, the badass motherfucker says, I found a bottle of Tylenol and there were six capsules missing, and three people were dead. In my mind, it had to be something to do with the Tylenol. And of course there was no protective ceiling on this or any over the counter drugs.


They just had cotton tucked in there. So I went back to the hospital and we took the bottle with us, and I said, this is the cause. And of course, nobody would believe me. And I stamped my feet. They said, oh no, it couldn't be, it couldn't be like, they had not pieced these things together yet. But I think once, once the brother and sis and sister-in-law of one of the deceased died in the same home, they f they realized it was something was going on. Yeah. So the investigator name posi sees that the Tylenol bottles all have the same control numbers on them. Meaning they're coming from the same plant. He, let's see, medical examiner know.


And the deputy medical examiner named Donahue tells him to smell the bottles. And he, he smells inside of them. And he smells that telltale sign of cyanide. That's almond. What were you gonna say? Bowl gum. Just kidding. I like, because you seemed so adamant, you lifted your finger. No, I knew, but then I, but then I wanted to have fun with it. Go ahead. So cyanide has a strong smell of almonds or bubblegum because You know, in stone fruit, any kind of pit in anything, right. There is a little bit of Cyanide. And If you eat enough stone Yeah. And, But you couldn't really ever eat enough.


Yeah. 'cause it's so hard to eat, but Digest also. And If you breaks down, right. Yes. But I think it's because I had a, you know how I know this is, I had one of those crazy blenders, what, what's it called? Vitamix, where you can stick everything in it. Vitamix. Yeah. A Vitamix. And they're saying like, in apple seeds. Yes. Or, you know, like that there's cyanide in there. Totally. But it's, it's a tiny, tiny, tiny trace amount. But there's also tons of vitamins in there. So when you can throw everything into a a blender, you get way more vitamins. You Know? What else? Vitamin or vitamins are in vitamins. Oh yeah. You can just take some vitamins. Just fucking Take some vitamins. Yeah.


Not related, kind of related. I once, nevermind. Okay. I once say watermelon rind to make myself throw up. So I didn't have to go to Hebrew school. Oh, did it work? It Did. Oh, good. Yeah. And here we are. If only you had studied your Hebrew better, Really? I mean, what would've happened? I don't Know. Married a nice Hebrew. Okay. I mean, we can go deep into this shit If You want. Let's not, Let's, let's not, let's not do it. So he smells almonds. And the medical examiner said that how lucky he was, because only 50% of the, or half the half the population can actually smell the almonds cyanide, which is terrifying and amazing.


Right. And turns out that the Tylenol pills were laced with potassium cyanide at a level toxic enough to provide thousands of fatal doses. Oh. So each one had thousands. So the reason they fucking hit the ground immediately is there was so Much, it was like they were overdosed. Way overdosed. Jesus. So at three 15, Mary McFarland dies. Nine 30 in the morning, Mary Riner dies. Did I already say that? I might have. And so the pills had all come from different plants, supposedly. And had bought, it had been bought at different Chicago store. So the police thought that a single person had bought all the pills at different places, tampered with them, and then returned them to the different stores.


So on Tuesday, October 5th, which is not shortly after, Johnson and Johnson recalls all Tylenol products nationwide. I remember this. Do you remember This? Oh, yeah. I was 12. It was on the news. It was the craziest thing in the world. I, we, in our house, I think my, my parents bought Bayer. Yeah, That was, but they threw it all away. They were like, it was just a whole, I mean, I remember standing in the, in the living room and watching it on the news. And these are, so, everyone should know, these are the ca the capsules that you get that you can open up and there's powder inside of them. These are, that's what these are. So it's not like, you know, the the like gel caps you get today or anything. Like, so anyone could open them up, whatever they want in them.


There's no seal on any of this. So, And there was also a very famous commercial at the time, and maybe a little bit earlier Oh, for contact cold medicine. Yeah. And in the commercial to some fingers pull apart a contact pill. What? And all the little beads inside the pill fall out. And then it talks about all the benefits of this Content. Holy of this medicine. Holy shit. It's like, here, look what you can do. I mean, it's, it feels to me like that that was, it was in the consciousness. Yeah. If not, exactly. Well, someone who is fucked up and evil. See, like, some one person puts that together, you know, like the majority people who see that don't fucking think how easy it is to fucking poison people.


Right. So da da. So Johnson and Johnson recalls all Tylenol products. People fucking lose their minds in panic. 31 million bottles valued at more than a hundred million dollars of Tylenol products are removed from shelves Nationwide. It's so Crazy Nationwide. And Chicago police go through the streets with loud speakers warning residents of the dangers of taking Tylenol. Oh my God. And the thing about this is Johnson and Johnson was totally on board with this. They, they were the ones who fucking were like, yes. You know, because This was back when people cared about human beings. Right. When they were like, how much money is that gonna make me lose if I recall this car?


Mm. It's, we'll just pay the, it not worth it. Let's pay the lawsuit. Yeah. It's not worth it. I don't, I don't need another boat. No. And if, if the lawsuit happens, our insurance will just pay it. But Also, have you ever, I don't know if there's anything else that's ever happened like this where it's like recalls on cars are one thing where you're like, yeah, take your car in, or whatever. Yeah. But like, I don't remember anything like this ever happening. Like a panic of a thing that everyone has in their home And then no one used again for years and years. Yeah. And Years. And they knew that was gonna happen. Yeah. So, all right. I wrote such an eighties thing that Oh, the, the, the driving through the streets with loudspeakers.


I know. That was such an eighties thing. That's like blues brothers. So Vote for mayor, whatever the fuck. Yep. It's a, yeah. Back to the future. Yes. Goldie, Goldie, Goldie, Goldie, mayor Goldie. Yep. I'm gonna be mayor. Okay. So, all right. So I I I, I wrote this whole thing about the guy who they suspected was who? They still there, it's still suspected. He's, no one was ever fucking arrested. Okay. No one was ever arrested. A man writes a letter to Tylenol manufacturer in October, 1982. So like a month or two later demanding $1 million to quote, stop the killings.


The letters are traced back to a tax consultant named James, whose name I don't wanna say, because he's never, he was never arrested and he was never convicted. And I'm scared of people. Well, and also if it's such a nightmare, because if just by chance it really wasn't him, but then everybody thinks it was Yeah. And that's horrifying. Totally. And I wrote all these things that were like, it was clearly him, but then something happened the moment you got to my apartment, and I had a fucking Study. So he, this guy James, had been charged in 1978 in Kansas, city of the murder of a murder after police found the remains of one of his former clients in his attic.


Ooh. Attic. Yeah. Attic. Attic Sounds so wrong to me. But the charges were dropped. Well, it's attic. Attic. There's no D at Attic. There you are. Attic. Did I say it right Now? It sounds, now it makes no sense to me. Dick too many times. Attic, Attic. Attic. I mean, attic. Okay. When you do it on the stage Attic, No one says it like that though, At Tick. Okay. Up in the attic. Okay. Up in the attic. No tea. I know. I just can't, charges are dropped after a judge rules that po the police search of his home was illegal.


So, like, motherfucker, Wait. So they find a body, but it's still, they vacate the Yep. They went in without a fucking search warrant. Oh, shit. A judge is like, sorry. Yeah. You can't do that. Oh. So when he, so they, they trace this, this letter saying he wants a million back to this dude James. And James gives him a detailed account of how the killer might have operated, and described how someone could buy medicine, use a special method to add cyanide to the capsules and return them to store shelves. Like he tells 'em how it could be done. But he thinks, he says he's innocent. And what actually he was doing was when he asked for the 1 million, he gave the bank information for a former employer, and he wanted to embarrass that man and send the money to his bank account and like frame him for it.


Oh yeah. But he is, they don't think it's him, but they, he's charged with extortion and sentenced to 20 years in prison just for that fucking letter released in 95. Oh God. Is this getting boring? Okay. They reopened the investigation in February, 2009. They search his fucking house. They don't think it's him. There's not enough evidence to charge him. Okay. But here's where this gets interesting. And where I fucking last left off two words for you. Ted Kozinski. Yes. One more word, Unibomber. So the Unibomber has some weird connections to this Okay. That I really fucking love, and it's so far fetched and crazy.


But I, I, I love this shit. So I looked at a map of where all the locations were in Chicago. And the map that most made sense led back to where Ted Kasey's family is from. It was within 20 minutes of the tampering sites at the epicenter of the, of the fucking tampering sites is where his family's from. Yeah. All the lines lead back to fucking Whoa. The parents' house. And in the, in that year, 1982, kaczynski's bombs were calculated to commit mass and indiscriminate murder.


He had let a bomb off in 1980 on an airline and a 1981 fire at the University of Utah. And in 1982, a fire promise at uc, Berkeley. So he was active as fuck at this time. And his family is from 20 minutes of where all of these fucking places at, where they were bought. Yeah. And he had stated his motive was a desire to destroy the public's faith in the technological industrial system. And in his manifesto, he expressed a dislike for the manufacturer of drugs and pills. The Unibomber said that. Yeah. Oh, yeah. So yeah.


So we're done here. No, we're not. We know. Okay. Okay. But wanna hear something even cooler that I fucking love. This is so cool. And I had a, I had to check a lot of fucking, I had a, I had a dig for this information, and it didn't, I mean, this was hours of research before I found this information. This is from uni.com UAZ d.com, which specifically highlights the link between the Unabomber and the Zodiac killer. Oh, I know. Which is like, what? But it's also like what? So the Unabomber has an obsession with wood specifically. I know two of his victims were Percy Wood and Leroy Wood Bearson.


And the founders of Johnson and Johnson Company were named Robert Wood Johnson and James Wood Johnson. Hmm. I'm sorry. That's crazy, right? Yeah. Or am I being okay? All right. So, I don't know. I just think he did it. They think he's giving a clue to his location. This is a thing he does, is like, give weird clues and like how the Zodiac Killer does as well. And then do dot There was also a Tylenol murder in Sheridan, Wyoming, and this was like 15 minutes from Kaczynski's House before all this happened.


Yeah. I don't know. It just fucking, it all adds up to this guy to fucking Kki. It's Todd Kazinski. So wait, the other, but the other guy you believe was just trying to embarrass his boss. He was definitely a crook and a conman. And initially I was like, clearly this is the guy. But when I started reading more into this, it, it doesn't, it, it, there's no mo of the Tylenol murders that make sense? Unless they were focusing on one specific victim and trying to hide it by killing a bunch of other people. But that, but, but none of that adds up to the actual people who got killed. There's nobody that they can pinpoint. Whereas Ted Kaczinski clearly, it's like it's all kind of laid out there.


Yeah. The motive is that he was in fucking anarchist, insane person who wanted to fuck companies and fuck the government and whoever got in the way and whatever the victims were, were just par for the course. Well, 'cause he was trying to seed like that panic Yeah. And that like basically Sabotage Unrest. Yeah, totally. And so there's a lot of weird, like, weird similarities. And also, I mean, I know that the fucking Zodiac killer shit sounds weird, but there's a lot of, there's a lot of instances of when he was in the, the time and the place, and there's evidence of him in these places and times. Ted Kozinski. Yeah. When Zodiac was active. Wow. I know.


So, and that's when Georgia went crazy. I mean, you were on the internet for 12 hours and all of a sudden you're like, yeah. And the other thing is that Ted Kozinski is also a Bigfoot, which is gonna sound weird when I first wait, first say It. Tell me more. But there is, so there's this photo of the woman who was the woman who was a, an airline, a stewardess. There's, she picks up her medic, her Tylenol, she's a headache. There's a man in the aisle on the surveillance camera looking at her directly. No. And he has receding hairline and a beard, which both fucking, both dudes, Ted Kaczinski and this other guy both Look like That. They both look like that.


It looks more like Ted Kaczinski to me, honestly. But he, he's someone who would claim responsibility for it. So it's kind of weird. Okay. Mm. So in May 83, Congress approved. Bless you. Do you want some Tylenol? Are you okay? I'm just gonna lay down for a second. And Here Xs for eyes, But nose for eyes. Okay. Congress and X, the fucking Tylenol bill. Everyone has to fucking pull. Was It called the Tylenol bill? Oh, In 83, they have to, you have to pull shit off of your fucking pills before you take them.


The, in 89, the FDA sets national requirements for all over the counter products to be tamper resistant. So that's the why. That's, that's the why. You've always been looking for that. Why Here it is. And here it is. The why. So, but there's no, no, there's nobody. It's just a bunch of people got fucking killed from taking a fucking aspirin. And there's insufficient evidence to charge anyone. Ugh. And no new or promising leads as of 2015. I, there's not, I looked for everything. There's nothing new since then. You know what's awful about that is the panic. How horrible. Like those cops must have been going crazy. Oh. And like those detectives, like it was ev there, they had to be everywhere at once.


It's like, it's not one victim in one place. It's like, and basically in all these neighborhoods around metropolitan Chicago, people are Dropping. So, like, clearly the the person who did this is in this area. And you can't find that. And what I always think about is how awful it must be for those cops for weeks to go by. And the more they keep taking people off the case and keep taking and like, suddenly there's five people on this case when there used to be a hundred. Yeah. And Yeah, that's like, I mean, what are they gonna Do? Yeah. There's nothing they can do. And when your leads dry up, it's just like, oh. And there's no, it's not like people were like doing something to a tamper proof package.


Yeah. It's like they suddenly realized, yeah, anyone could be doing this at any time to any product. It could be any of the family members of the people who died. It could be any of the coworkers of the people whose whose fucking relatives died. Yeah. It could be some rando. To me, it makes the most sense that it's some fucking anarchist fuck the government. It makes a lot of sense. Dude Who sends, who sends in the mail bombs to blow up in people's faces. Yeah. I know this sounds crazy, but the wood, he was obsessed with wood and all things wood. And the John, when I saw the Johnson and Johnson's middle name was wood, I lost my mind. But When you say, when you were saying he was obsessed with all things wood, do you then you gave the example of the names, but was he also, was it like other things like Yeah, there Were a lot of weird, weird like wood types and trees and like, really weird.


Like, he, he was really into like earth, wind, and fire. Like in the same way the Zodiac had his, what's it called? The letter? The, Like the, the lettering. Oh, oh, the, The Puzzler that he The puzzles. Yeah. Gram or Something. Cryptogram. Ted Kaczinski left a lot of clues in the things he did on purpose. Oh, okay. To kind of fuck with people. And they were, and he liked to see it. And wood was one of his things. Oh My God. In the middle. So they were this in this, Andy Lived out in the, in that weird cabin. Yeah, He did. Yeah. And which is by 15 minutes from where the fucking first guy who died of a cyanide fucking poisoning from Ty, from Tylenol died.


You Know what? Case closed. I'm sorry. I'm Sorry. And I, I just wanna go ahead and again, give fucking shout outs to Zo because Oh yeah. These Dudes, I mean, I would, I would, there's nothing in any of the news reports that connect these things. There's, there's also two cops who got poisoned the night before any of this started because they found boxes of, of Tylenol from a manufacturer with powder in the middle. They rubbed the powder on their fingers and they got sick. Which makes it seem like it didn't actually, the guy didn't just go into fucking drug stores and pull this. Like he actually had a connection to the manufacturer.


Right. Which Of course, Johnson and Johnson wouldn't wanna admit. I mean, and also, what If you were the PR person for Johnson and Johnson? Yeah. Or for like, that product specifically, your life is like now just constant living. That is a, I mean, obviously that an incredible tragedy. And just like a random, awful people dropping dead is just the worst, obviously. Totally. But then on top of that, you have to get out in front of like the worst pr nightmare kind of Yeah. Next to like the Exxon Valdez or something where it's just like, God, remember that, oh, this is just massive tragedy. I just keep thinking about how many, you know, how many people who are 30 and under who listen to this, who don't know any of these fucking references we're making.


Well, They can look it up. I mean, what, we can't fucking carry the world on our goddamn backs. We can't Be everything for any millennial. Every millennial. They, if they wanna, they'll find out about it. Okay. I It's pretty fucking cool. Right. It's great. I, you know what's super weird? I thought the, I thought the Tylenol poisonings. I remember reading something somewhere where it was a husband and wife. There Was a woman who ended up shooting two people who they suspected could be. She was in that area at the time. She was very mentally ill. Oh, okay. And they looked into her and her husband. But the guy, the other guy I mentioned, his wife also might have been, they suspected was complicit in it.


But I, it, there was no, there was never anything tying them back. And don't you wonder about like, when they pulled those Tylenol bottles from those fucking houses, like the fucking fingerprints that could have been on them that then were ruined. Oh yeah. Because everyone touched them. That's right. This nurse, This nurse though, man, they Didn't know. She knew. Fucking high fives to her high Fives to nurses. Who are the ones that, you know, they're the, they're, they're the brains behind it all. They're The badass motherfuckers of the medical fucking world. BFF Badass. Want you to get that put on the back of a leather vest and then just ride your motorcycle all around town Doing it.


It's a moped. Is that okay? Okay. And then it's not, it's fake leather. No, it's fake. Cool. Is That all right? Yeah. As long as you gun the engine and stuff. This has been a wonderful episode. Yeah. I mean, in terms of tragedy, I'm sweating. Karen, what's one good thing that happened to you This week? Fuck. I know. Forget about this. I know. This is, I like that we don't think about this. 'cause it has to be something Boom, boom, boom. Think about it. What is it? No, don't. What's one good thing that's happened This week? I mean, it's been a tough one and It will continue to be, I guess it has to be different than my, than anything I've said already.


One good thing. Why don't you go first? You fucking asshole. Oh no. Oh my God. Okay. Ow. I guess. Jesus Christ. Yeah, right. It's hard. All I can think about is food. Oh, well that's good. That's valid. Oh, Oh, Westworld. That's a good show. That's help me. Yep. Okay. I see nothing. No, there's nothing. Oh, Westworld counts. Okay. What did you think of another one? No, I mean, tattoos that people are getting of my favorite murder shit. Oh, That's fun.


Mine would be the show that I did last night at Largo. Oh, that was really awesome. And it was me, blank Patch Pat. It was Pat Oswald's night. So it was Pat Oswald and friends. Bobcat Goldway. And then Fred Arman was just hanging out 'cause he was in town. So I had him come on stage. Oh, first of all, I should say this, my set started, they introduced me. This one woman started screaming no. And then as the applause died down, she screamed Murder. No. So loudly. No. Like, so loudly. You're embarrassed. And I was like, you've had seven beers. Like, it was one of those kind of things where it was like she didn't know I was on the show.


'cause they don't ever advertise who's doing it. Oh, that's cool. So I think she was just like so delighted. I don't mean to accuse her of being drunk, but it seems like she was, It was me, Karen. Oh was, Oh my God. That was so supportive. I, it was really funny though. She was really excited. But then I, as I told you, at the end of my set, I had Fred come out and pretend he was my comedy coach. That's hilarious. And we just did a bit that we didn't even, it wasn't even like we made, we just said, that's what we're gonna do. And then we just kind of improved it. And it was really funny. That's amazing. It made me feel much better. I wish I had been there. Next time. Next time you'll tell. I wish I knew about. Well, you can't ever get into Largo shows.


Like It's, I can't ever, or Oh, other people can't ever. Oh Well, yeah. I just never think of inviting people. 'cause it's, they're always so packed. No, I'm kidding. I can't get in to anything. Well, What I realize now is I can get you in. I'm like, that's Why I don't ask you to come anymore. If you guys would go to iTunes in, in your sadness and grief and just fucking leave us a review, Maybe that might help. It might make you feel better. Maybe It'll make you feel better. Thank you guys for listening and being fucking cool people. And you know what, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Bye. Bye Elvis. Want a cookie?


Want a cookie? Cookie? He said yes. My, yeah. Okay. So horrible story. Do you have updates on the Tylenol poisonings? It Is such a horrible story. And of course I love it even more because still remains unsolved. I, it feels so solvable to me. And I am almost convinced it's Ted Kozinski still. But there are a couple of recent developments. In November, 2024, there was a collaboration between law enforcement and a biotech firm in Texas. And they have hope that access to new DNA technology could solve this case.


Which seems very likely to me. Unless of course everyone takes it down, takes their Oh Right. Is the, nevermind. This is the biotech that like Oh yeah. People, it's like, you wanna know who your relatives are and you wanna help solve cold cases shit. But then BlackRock will sell your identity to the right outer space or whatever. Okay. Well, in an alternative 2025 where things are Okay, yeah. This is getting solved. Yeah, That'd be amazing. So Whoevers there right now, please like send us a fucking telepathic message. Please Tell us it's gonna be okay. James Lewis, one of the main suspects in the poisonings died in July of 2023. And the badass Helen Jensen, the now retired nurse who figured out it was the Tylenol that was killing people, which is so incredible.


And did she did it so fast the same day. Yeah. She prevented so many people from dying. Yes, She did. She told the AP that she hoped that Louis' death would be the final coda to a tragedy that has haunted her and the victim's families. Of course, for four decades. She said, quote, his death is a conclusion, not necessarily the conclusion everyone wanted, but it is an end. I'm 86 now and I'm glad I got to see the end before I die. End quote. So it seems like she probably thinks that he, he did it Right. It would be so horrible if he didn't though that, you know, that thing of just like, then just the name goes around and Yeah, but He, I mean he, he pointed at himself about it too. I mean, who knows what was going on with that guy. Yeah, Right.


There's also a documentary, A CNN original series documentary called How It Really Happened, Tylenol Murders that you can go check out that will tell you the whole story If you didn't think I did a great job of it. Which is like, Fine. I think you did a wonderful job. Thank you. I think this was a wonderful episode. Me Too. Originally entitled In Arrears, which was about somebody working at the WGA who helped me with my union payments that I was In Arrears on. Which means, because In Arrears means debt, you're in debt behind. Behind. Got it. Okay. You're, I never, never heard it. You owe some payments, you're ires. But If you were naming it today, I do think it's a good one because it taught me that word and I appreciate that.


Yeah. Maybe today it should be. Are you an iguana dude? One of the great lines of Georges of all time. Thank You. There's also dry cry because I can't cry. So you offered the suggestion that I dry cry, which is a, I can totally do. It's a great idea. Yeah. Just get your face going and then see what happens. Also, 25 Davids is is not a bad name either for this episode or for a band. I love it. Oh my God. There was, I told you this at least three times before, but there was graffiti on the highway overpass in Sacramento that I used to drive by all the time that said too many Daves and it was a band. That's so good. And it was a punk band or like an alternative band in Sacramento. Too many Daves. It's true.


It's so, especially in Sacramento. It's so true. God, there's so many Daves. Oh my God. Well thank you guys for listening. Thank you Daves especially for listening. Dave, Thank you so much. And stay sexy. And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, The search for truth never ends. Introducing June's journey, A hidden object mobile game with a captivating story. Connect with friends, explore the roaring twenties, and enjoy thrilling activities and challenges while supporting environmental causes. After seven years, the adventure continues.


With our immersive travels feature. Explore distant cultures and engage in exciting experiences. There's always something new to discover. Are you ready? Download June's journey now on Android or iOS.