
Hi Everyone, it's Ashley Flowers here with an exciting reminder that we are going back on Tour Crime Junkie is hitting the road starting next month, and we've got stops from coast to coast, from Los Angeles to a couple different spots in Texas and all the way down to two cities in Florida. And we're trying to hit everywhere in between. My best friend, Britt and I will be diving into a case I've never covered anywhere else before, and we can't wait to connect with all of you in person. Tickets are going fast, so don't wait. Head to Crime Junkie podcast.com to grab your tickets today, And I can't wait to see you soon.


Whether you're searching for your next place to buy or rent, or you just wanna scroll through some dream homes, you should use the Redfin app. Redfin makes it fun to search all the homes for sale and apartments for rent in your neighborhood. And if you find a place you love, Redfin makes it so easy to go see it in person. You can just schedule a tour right from the app. So whether you're looking to buy or rent, Redfin's got you covered. Download the Redfin app to get started.


Make this new year a milestone in your child's education with I-X-L-I-X-L uses advanced algorithms to personalize your child's learning experience, ensuring they receive the right support at the right time. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Crime Junkie Listeners, get an exclusive 20% off an IXL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash Crime Junkie. Visit ixl.com/ Crime Junkie to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price


Every 26 seconds. A burglary takes place in the US according to FBI Data Protect your Home before it's too late. With SimpliSafe proactive security system, SimpliSafe helps stop threats before they even have a chance to break in. SimpliSafe has been a constant for my family for the past nearly seven years, and having that confidence that my home and family are protected 24 7 means I've lost zero sleep worrying about our safety. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hi Crime junkies. Surprise surprise, a little extra. Ashley Flowers in your feed today. But I'm coming to you for a very special reason. I recently got the opportunity to interview Anna Kendrick about her new movie on Netflix, woman of the Hour. I'll tell you right up front you guys, 10 outta 10, highly recommend. Now, our interview was originally for my SiriusXM Show, Crime Junkie af, which if you didn't know, you can find in the SiriusXM app or in the Crime Junkie Fan club, but this interview was just too good. It was like so right up your alley that I begged SiriusXM to. Let me share it with all of you because it turns out Anna Kendrick is just like us because, 'cause along with talking about Woman of the Hour, which by the way is her directorial debut, we also talked about her personal experiences, what led her to this story and her interest in True Crime as a whole.


So whether you're an OG Crime Junkie, or you just found us, because you're a fan of Anna, this conversation is one that you don't wanna miss. And if you're here because you're an Anna Kendrick fan, hi, me too. And welcome to your ultimate True crime destination where you can hear the true story behind Woman of the Hour and the stories behind hundreds of other true crime cases. So take a listen right here, right now, or if you want, you can catch a video version of this conversation on the Crime Junkie YouTube channel. And after you listen to this interview, don't forget to listen to the episode of Crime Junkie titled Serial Killer Rodney Alcala to hear the details of the case behind Anna Kendricks Woman of the Hour.


I'm gonna link to it right in the show notes for you. I promise you'll love it, but you're gonna love this too. Enjoy Crime Junkie. Ash. Hi Crime Junkies. I'm Ashley Flowers, and if you're watching this, you'll notice I'm not in my normal place. I'm in a very special place with a very special guest. Most of you'll recognize her from her work. She's multi-talented in many ways, from being an Oscar and Tony, nominated actress to an author, singer-songwriter. And you are now starring in Netflix's Woman of the Hour, and it is your directorial debut, Anna Kendrick, you guys, and for my daughter who was giving me a guilt trip before I left, she would think I was so cool that I was meeting Poppy.


Oh, oh my God. I love that. Wait, how, how old is she? Oh, she's Two and a half. So you, Oh, okay. So this is a tricky age because when parents are like, oh my gosh, look, it's Poppy, and they introduce a child to, oh, it's such a bummer. It's like floods of tears immediately because I don't have pink skin and pink hair. And it's what a bummer. It's just, it's awful. They're like, that's not poppy. I'm just gonna let her listen. She's gonna be thrilled. Oh, great, great, great, Great. So I'm so excited. First of all, women of the Hour was incredible. I got a little sneak peek. Thank you so much. I truly loved it. Start to finish. Well, I feel like a loser fan girl in, in my merch right now. I know In, but it's, But it's such cute merch. Like I get a lot of merch and it's usually like, oh, you ruined a perfectly good shirt.


This is so good. Thank you. This so cool. Anyway, sorry, go ahead. Thank you. Well, so yeah, speaking of being a Crime Junkie, like how did you get to this place? Because this is a little bit of a departure. You've done some like serious stuff, but I mean, like, this is like serious in like a serious way. No, I was like, I, I don't even think I've ever been in a movie that was this genre or this kind of intense of a movie of the Thriller stuff that you've done has still been kind of lighthearted. Yeah. Yeah. I, and I am very aware that most people know me from one of a couple of like lighthearted musical franchises. So Poppy. Yeah. Poppy or Pitch Perfect or whatever.


And so, yeah, I I, I even got some, not pushback, but my, my friends were questioning the decision. Like I, I sent a filmmaker friend the script and I was like, do you think this is crazy for me to do? I was mostly thinking about, Hey, here's the story. Here's the very limited budget and timeframe that we have, and I would be jumping onto this movie, I'd be pitching myself to direct this movie, and it starts in six weeks. So do you think that's just a terrible idea and I'm just setting myself up for failure.


And, you know, he, he was like, well, I, it's a lot, but mostly he was like, I confess, I've been hoping you would direct something for a long time. And I, I'm surprised that it's this really, and he was like, I, I think, you know, once I got it further into the script, I could see a lot of themes around moving through the world as a woman Yeah. And trying to stay safe. That makes sense to me. But, you know, he was really kind of referencing the opening scene of the movie, which, which is dark interesting because I love that scene and I fought for that scene, which I Heard, which I'm so glad that you did because like I, I can see why many people would want to remove it, but I think it, it takes away from what the story Is.


Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and don't get me wrong, I, I understood why he was going th this. Yeah. Because again, it's, it's not really what I'm known for and it's not the kinds of film sets that I've been on a lot. But, you know, I think that even my relationship to True Crime Yeah. Really changed a few years ago. 'cause I went through something really shocking and traumatic for me, and I really couldn't figure out what had happened. And you know, I don't know if you relate to this, but I'm sure many listeners will, that you really beat yourself up and go like, how did I not see, like, how did I not know that that was coming?


How did I not get myself outta that situation sooner? You know, all the ways that we really put all that shame on ourselves. And I told him, I was like, I know that this isn't necessarily in my professional wheelhouse, but this unfortunately feels like familiar territory to me. And that question of whose shame is this? How much of your shame do I have to absorb here before I'm in harm's way? I think that question hangs over a lot of our lives more often than we realize. And that felt central to the kind of emotional center of the story.


And I've always been kind of, I don't know, I guess maybe I would consider myself to have been a more casual consumer of true crime. Yeah. And then when, you know, some things went down in, in a long-term relationship that I was in, I really, I really got kind of obsessed. And, and I think that there's a way in which we can kind of sublimate our own stuff by feeling like, if I can just get to the bottom of why that guy or that person did that thing, maybe I could uncover some universal human truth and I could make sure that I never found myself in a situation like that again.


And I don't know how true that is, but it really changed how I consumed true crime. But at any rate, you know, the subject matter of the movie is like really gripping. But I, I also hoped to be bringing in some of that emotional DNA to the entire movie, which you did A great job of. You said it's outside of your wheelhouse, but girl, it is not outside of your wheelhouse. You did incredible. Oh, that's so awesome. And I feel like I just, like my Crime Junkie brain just like jumped right in. But do you actually, for those who don't know what Women of the Hours about Oh yes, Of course. Oh my gosh. Do you wanna tell them like what the story is based on? Yes. So it's funny on other outlets, I'm sort of more vague, but I guess I'm here.


No, I don't, I don't have to write, I was like, obviously we're talking about Rodney Alcala, like welcome to the show. Yeah. So, so it is based on the story of Rodney Alcala, who was a serial killer in the 1970s and in the middle of, you know, really being able to operate without consequence for over a decade. Unbelievable. He went on the show, the Dating Game, and won the dating game. And so that piece of, you know, the story, that dating game piece is really used, you know, as a kind of framing device for the movie because it, it's really evocative of that question of like, who can you trust and who's really behind the curtain?


You know, how much can you really know about a person before you know that you're safe? We have a Crime Junkie life rule that you never know anyone ever like truly, I mean, Girl, tell me about it. And yeah, I mean I, I sort of describe it as the story of Rodney Alcala, but it is really meant to be the story of the impact that he had on the people that were unfortunate enough to come across him. So the aim was always to really center the women's stories. The women's stories. Yeah. Yeah. And I think you did a really amazing job of that. And you had this, this scene like, I was like crawling out of my skin when you, the scene where you're like actually on the date with him and you're walking to the car and the It's the whole number scene.


Yeah. Where he's like, toma your number again. Like, why can't you remember? And I was, I was just, My husband like didn't quite get why I was freaking out so much. Oh, that's so interesting. Oh, he and I talked about this all the time. And the way you were talking about it earlier, I'm like, you Eric, you, he's this like six foot six dude. And I'm like, you move in the world a way that like, I cannot. Yeah. And you, like, you cannot, I appreciate that you empathize with being a woman, but you can, you have no idea what it feels like that when I'm going on a walk, I'm not enjoying the walk because I'm constantly like looking here and looking there. And that car passed me twice and here's the license plate number and like, it's just completely different. But the, the, the way that I thought you did so well in capturing just the uncomfortable position, I think nearly every woman has probably been in at some point Yeah.


Where it's like, I don't feel safe, I don't feel good. Like why can't, but we, you don't also don't feel comfortable saying that. Yes. And you're not totally sure if you're making it up. Yeah. Like, oh, maybe I'm just being paranoid and the way that we kind of second guess ourselves and, and try to just sort of like be pleasing and I'll just get myself outta this situation. God, that's so interesting because there are several moments in the movie that while we were shooting one of the men on set would sort of say like, Hey, should we do another take of that? Like, I, I, I don't know that it's super clear, like, what's happening in this scene. And I would sort of be like, well, women are gonna know what's happening.


They're gonna get in this scene, they're gonna, and I think most, and I think most men will, you know, follow what's happening in the movie. But yeah, they don A, There's like 20% of men who don't follow what's happening. That's fine with me. You know, I would much rather The lesson probably isn't for them. Like Exactly, don't be the creepy man. That's your own lesson. And it feels like there's this kind of secret language of women and part of that is it's a fucking secret. Yeah. So wait, am I allowed to curse? Oh yeah, for sure. It's, it's serious, right? Like, fuck, I dunno. So, you know, sometimes that means that maybe it won't be a thousand percent clear to some men, like what's what, what the dynamics are at play. But I, I think it's very, very clear to women.


But I think that's like the beautiful part about you having stepped in the role as director is have having a woman be the lens, like the lens through this story and telling it from your perspective and being able to like hone in on those like nuances that I don't know that someone else would've captured. And I just thought you did it in like such a truly incredible way. My Gosh. That's so nice. That's the nicest thing. How did, so how did you decide that you wanted to direct something? Because this is your first Yeah. I mean, you came out with a banger, but I, I mean, I always feel a little embarrassed saying this, but I think I had told myself, I mean, certainly I told everyone around me and I had told myself I just wasn't interested in directing because I think that it's vulnerable to want something and you know, you might not get it or you might get it and you might fail.


And so I just was constantly telling myself like, oh, I don't know, God directors are crazy. I'm not doing that. And I really found myself getting kind of obsessed with this script and maybe getting a little controlling, you know, 'cause I was attached as a, as an actor for about two years and I was just sort of like, okay, let me know when the movie goes. Two years. Yeah. Yeah. Oh God, that's so common. Yeah. Like you just sort of like the attach yourself, no, I can't to things. And you're like, well, let me know if it comes together wild. And, and then the other thing that happens is occasionally something that's been moving really, really slow for a long time will out of nowhere very quickly be coming together at lightning speed and basically going, okay, well we got the money together and we have a window that we could shoot it in.


And if we don't, if we miss that window, we might, it might fall apart again. And at that point we didn't have a director and so we kind of scrambled and we were trying to find someone, and we certainly weren't looking at first time directors. It was like, well, we have $3 and a roll of duct tape and it needs to happen right now. So we were really mo mostly trying to find like, pretty experienced people. And I guess I, oh god, I feel weird saying this, but I think that I also started to feel like, wait, I'm sorry, I've been thinking about this movie for two years and someone who's gonna come on and like, tell me what the movie is for and I'm gonna be like, you just got here.


And you know, there were also certain details from the true story that felt really important to me. And I had always thought like, well, if it were my movie, this is how I would do it, but it's not my movie. That's okay. And, you know, very quickly I got to do like a new draft with the, the screenwriter and make some changes. And I just, I, yeah. Was That hard conversation being like, I want it? Oh, it was terrifying. Oh my God. I, I mean, I think like even in, in the pitch that I did, I kept saying like, if you guys don't think I'm the right person, that's so fine. It's totally fine. I just wanna do what's best for the movie. It's, it's okay. Like, if you don't think I'm ready, I love that.


Like, please tell me What people think a girl boss is, is like just coming in and like owning the room and what girl being a girl boss is, is really that, it's just being like, listen, I'm like, Listen, here's the deal, here's like what I bring to the table. Here's it's me. I was, I was even going like, here's what I think I bring to the table. Here are the areas of deficit like that I have. Like, I wanna be honest, like, like why project false confidence. Because then I was like, well also if you hire me it means like you have to, to support me. 'cause I was honest, you know? I love it. Yeah. So how did, how did the story find you originally? Well, okay, so it originally found me because it was, the script just got sent to me and, and I had that moment that maybe a lot of the listeners have where you go, oh, right, this guy, he was, yeah, he was a serial killer and he went on the dating game.


And that's like mostly what you remember or what you know about it. And you know, obviously that is a fascinating true crime story. So I was interested from the get go. And then when I read the screenplay, it was just, it was, it was really beautiful. I know that's a, feels like a strange thing to say, but there was so much beauty in the world of these women and you really fell in love with them in, you know, a very limited window, really. You know, I mean, some of the actresses in the film, they have a very limited window of screen time to make you fall in love with them and be absolutely invested in what is gonna happen to them.


And it, I'm just blown away by the writing and by the actresses in the film. 'cause you are so desperate for each one of them to come out of it on the other side. And, you know, the movie is like chilling. But it's, it's heartbreaking too. I, there's one scene in particular when you talk about them having such a short time to make an impact where this girl's like unpacking her new apartment. And I remember like, just feeling so much like, God, I remember being like, you know, in my very first place and you're in a new city and you feel like such a, like a big kid with your whole life in front of you. Yeah. And I remember that just being like the emotion as I was watching that and being like, oh God.


So even in like, you just get like a brief moment with each of those women. And I, and I, it was just done so well. Yeah. And you know, I I'm sure that the listeners are very, very into as they should be, like the details and accuracy. Factual accuracy. And there are so many details in the movie that are lifted straight from the, the true story. But, you know, just the way you're talking even about that scene scene with the apartment, you know, it just reminds me that part of the objective was also to give each woman that we meet, like quite a different personality and quite a different kind of entry point to how they meet this man, how they interact with this man.


Because again, like emotionally it felt important to kind of establish, it wouldn't matter what your personality is and how you meet a person or how careful you are or how sweet you are or how tough you try to seem like. None of that guarantees your protection from someone if they're determined to harm you. Yeah. And even though there, I think there are really, really interesting things in the movie around like the ways that some of these women manage to survive. It also feels like an exercise in at least putting the shame where it belongs, which is in the hands of a person who's harmful and never, I remember actually at one point, oh my God, I forgot about this.


Oh, this is maybe a little spoily, but, but also we covered the episode. I know the story that, you know, I play the the Bachelorette Yeah. Who's on the dating game. And so I survive. And I remember at 1.1 of the producers asking me if my character should have like, some kind of really clever plan that got her out of danger. And I was like, you know, in most movies I would say, sure, blind Luck isn't a great way for your heroine to kind of, you know, survive a situation. But it would also feel like a disservice to all the really brilliant women who didn't survive.


Right. You know, sometimes it is just blind luck. Well, and and, and the truth of it is he did go for so long and he was successful at taking the lives of so many different women. Yeah. That to say, oh, like this person, to your point, Outturn. Oh, she just needed to outsmart him. Yeah. It's no Like, it's, it's the one person in the parking lot who just like scares him away. And you're like, and you just think your lucky stars. Like, why me? And, and not the other person. Completely, completely. Which is Wild.


I've been trying to cut back on coffee. So I've been looking for substitutions that I can work in throughout the day. And I give myself one cup of Joe in the morning and then for the afternoon I've been trying rise mushroom coffee, which sounds wild. At least to like my Midwest self. It did. But it's been a great find. And for my, like, I hate mushroom people. It doesn't taste like mushroom soup or anything. They have a bunch of different products. Even hot chocolate. The benefits are awesome. Rise Mushroom Coffee is a custom powerhouse blend of six functional mushrooms crafted to fuel your body and mind all day long. It helps with all day energy, sharper focus, healthy digestion, and immune support. It's been a nice little boost for me in the afternoon when I get to that like, post-lunch 2:00 PM crash. And with over 150,005 star reviews, you likely won't be disappointed. Try Rise Mushroom Coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash Crime Junkie. That's RYZE superfoods.com/ Crime Junkie. Don't just wake up awaken with Rise.


Coming to ABC and Hulu. Amanda Riley was a mother wife speaker At her church and Then she got diagnosed with cancer. A beloved young Christian woman fighting a battle undeserved. We thought she was God's gift, but she was a liar. Why would somebody fake cancer from the number one smash it podcast? It was only a matter of time until Amanda's whole world came tumbling down. You're not gonna believe this, Amanda. New episodes Thursday nights on a, B, c and Stream on Hulu.


So you said that your true crime fascination, you, you had been into it before, but always like, like for me, I always say like, crime junkies are born, not made. Like I, since I was little, like, did, when did it start for you? Like, Gosh, yeah, I guess I can't really remember a time that it wasn't there. I mean, you know, this isn't really true crime per se, but I remember sitting in like the dentist's office and they would have those books about like, like disa like natural disasters or the Titanic or something. Like, there is just something about the, the grim and the macabre that is, that is always kind of called to me. And so yeah, that's always sort of been there lurking.


And then it, you know, ended up being something else for me. You wrote in your your book about you being in New York for the first time, which like when you were like a kid A kid. Yeah. And I am like, you were like towing the line. You were about to be your own true crime stories. Like running around the city of New York. I got you. Were like, what, 10. I know, I know, I Know, I know, I know, I know, I know. Like my, yeah, my parents. 'cause I, I, I was a stubborn little child And I was like, I wanna be an actress And I wanna audition for Broadway shows. And, you know, they worked full-time jobs and so they, they drove me to New York for a couple auditions and then we were like, girl, if you really wanna do this, you can't live life.


We like we, this is, you need to figure it out. So my brother and I, who's like two years older than me, he, he And I would go down on like a Greyhound bus and like just audition for stuff in, in New York City, which yeah, I, I, I don't know. There is a like a, an overconfidence and a trust there that I think also comes from growing up in a place where I grew up in Maine and you know, like no one locked their doors at night. When I moved to la God, I really am like a walking true crime. This is awful. No, when I moved to LA my roommates were constantly having to remind me to lock the door girl. I just wouldn't lock the door.


Just wi yeah, just wide open. Because also in Maine, if you lock your car door at night, it'll freeze over. So like, we don't like anything girl. I mean, I lived in like in Indiana and it's not wild out there, but like I know That's crazy. We had ice. That's really crazy. It's crazy. Like, but I think about that all the time when you're like, to go back to what we were just talking about, like I remember I went to Vegas when I was like 22 and like me and my roommate just like, we, like didn't wanna pay for a cab. So we like caught a ride with a guy who had a hook for a hand. And I like, you're Not just true crime, you're like a creepy ghost story that's like a classic campfire ghost story.


I don't know. But yeah, I'm like walking down alleys and it's like the stuff that it truly is luck. Yes. That's like sometimes That's right. It's truly just luck that saves you. It's a miracle we're both here today. No, Completely. That's absolutely right. So how Did you, were there certain things that you pulled from your own life? Like situations you've been in where you felt like that? Or like how did you even begin to prepare for this character? Yeah, so I mean, there are things in the movie that are like, there's a couple little Easter eggs, but you know, for example, my character, there's that scene in the opening when we first meet my character where I'm having like a very bad audition. Oh my God. I love that. And the casting directors are, yeah, they're, they and they were so funny.


They were so wonderful in the day and while we were shooting it, I was like, Hey, will you guys do this? Like, I, we just saved these couple lines with me. I'm probably gonna cut it, but I don't know, it might be interesting where they ask me if I'm willing to do nudity. Yeah. And then this guy makes a very, like, very specific and weird remark about my body. And that happened to me verbatim when I was 19. No, yes. Verbatim in an audition. Yeah. Crazy. Absolutely crazy. So there's also a degree to Which I like, I li I want the version on Netflix where like it pops up be like actually happened. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. My god. No, but like, there's also a degree to which I really had fun making a a a period piece and like, you know, playing up the kind of seventies of it all.


Yeah. But also, like, some of this stuff happened not that long ago. You know, like some of the little like juicy little tidbits where you think, well no one would say that now. And I know, you know, nine 19 was not recent for me, but yeah, it was not like relegated to the 1970s, Two seventies, like it was five minutes ago. Holy Crap. Yeah, there's a, there's also like, this is dumb, but there's a sign that's on the door when I'm about to go out on stage that says like, check your lipstick. And that like, that's fact stage it at talk shows that stuff of like last chance to check your makeup that's like written under the mirror.


That's right before you go out into like live tv. So Yeah. Just like a bunch of little Easter eggs like that. I, well like how do people know that though? Like if they don't know the biz, like this is all the insider baseball. I wanna know. Well I Guess like, you know, you mostly get away with it by not saying it, but now I'm saying it on a big podcast. So I, I'm obsessed. Well, whatcha gonna do, Whatcha gonna do? I'm obsessed. Stay Mad. So how do you, when you think about being in something like this for, was it really six weeks? Like Yeah. Well, yeah. So I mean I was like thinking about the character for two years. Right. But then like was, oh God, I'm responsible for all of it for like six weeks. And then, and then you have about six weeks of like hard prep.


So you're like finding the locations and, and actually like really mapping out the movie. Yeah. And then we filmed for 24 days, which is not enough time. Oh my God. You did that whole thing in 24 days. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. That's Intense. It Was a lot. It was a lot. It makes me hot. Just thinking about like, how much we were running around. Is That normal? No. No. Oh my god. No. I mean, it's normal for like, teeny movies that take place in one location. Wow. But yeah, it, it, it was a lot. But I also, I think I am like maybe a little bit of an adrenaline junkie because I would, I was like, oh, my favorite animal is me when I'm, when the schedule is slightly behind where like the way that, like, I get a weird rush of dopamine where I'm like, we are gonna, we're gonna finish this day.


We're gonna get every shot that we need on this day. Goddammit. I'm, so It's like very exciting. How Did you think about coming off that and like, but and more specifically, like even out of the space like that you're kind of living in like a dark world for a while. Yeah. Do you take a break from it? Do you have like a true crime detox? Are you, are you ready to like jump back into the next True Crime project? God, I, I think that, you know, like when I would go home for the day, I would probably just put something like mindless on, on, on YouTube. Like something like upbeat or something. What's your mindless, what is your guilty pleasure right now?


Well, this is, this is very silly, but I think that at the time that we were filming the movie, I didn't know of the try guys. But when we were filming the movie, the try guys had like a infidelity scandal thing. They're like, YouTubers. I was like, what's the try Guys? I, I Don't know. That's, that was my point. And so I was like, wait, what is this? And I like watched a couple videos and I was like, I don't get it. But then, but then got it. But then I started watching it and it was like, okay, this is fine. This is just like guys being silly and I don't know, one of them like cheated on their wife, so fuck that guy. But you know, I don't know, whatever. So I would just like put that on his background noise to fall asleep to the try Guys. Or putting you to sleep at night. I know, I know.


I love it. It is like the most random rabbit hole to just be like, find this. 'cause I, I like can't even think about like finding like, oh, what's my nighttime, no, you know, comfort show. I was like this, this is it. Great. I don't have that. I know a lot of people, they say it is like a comfort thing to watch the same thing over and over again. It drives me nuts. I can't, oh really? I can't watch the same thing over. Not even like the Office. You don't have like a show like that that you're like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll just throw it on. No, I mean, I think I'm broken. I don't, I don't know. Like everyone's like, yeah, I've just got my, I don't Wait. Do you watch any movies? Like more Than Once? Because Rebel Wilson has this thing. She has never seen a movie more than once. I never, not once. She says her favorite movie is a League of their own and she has seen it twice in her life.


That's her favorite movie. That's crazy. I think I've seen maybe some movies, well my daughter's movies aside, I've seen movies I like, like Tops two times. I cannot rewa. Like I know what's gonna ha there's No, someone needs to study your Brain and Rebel Wilson's brain and and figure out what's happening there. Because honestly I kind of wish I was more like that. Like, I wish I was more like, yeah, I'd wanna watch something new. Something new. And then there's just like a laziness thing where you're like, oh whatever. I'll just turn on that thing again. Again. I've heard it such A, I've heard it's like a comfort thing. Like, you know what to expect like in a world where everything's crazy and you got a zillion things coming at you. Like the comfort of like knowing exactly what's coming next. I guess that's probably it. I, I don't know.


For me it might just be, and you're not Missing anything Down the middle. Laziness. 'cause I'm like, I, I just can't think of anything else to watch. So I'll just rewatch 30 Rock. Fine. Oh, I love 30 Rock. I know. It's so good. Okay. That's fair. I, my, I'm like very into, I always said I was not a reality TV person, but I'm like doing the Love is blind thing right now. It's so good. Are you watching this season? Okay. I just started it. Oh my God. I'm like, I think I am. I I'm till I got to like the first reveal. Okay. The like Taylor and what's his face? I dunno. Whatever. Oh no, I can't even look. You have right ahead. You, You could look at your facial expression because it's gonna, I Was literally like, I was texting Kate nonstop. I was like, I felt, I was like live tweeting love was blind, but only to her.


Totally. You gotta have that friend though. It was good to be like, I'm gonna watch this thing and you have to watch this thing so that we can text about it. Oh, I love it. So do you think you'll do another true crime Thing? I would, I mean, I would be really, really open to it. I, I think that it's really fertile ground psychologically, so I don't know. Well, as I'm saying it, I'm also like, I've been known as like musical Sally for the last decade. So it's done. You Well it wouldn't be, it certainly wouldn't be the worst thing in the world for me to be like, oh no, oh no, I'm pigeonholed as like the murder girl.


That would be fine with me. 'cause it's nicer. I Don't, I think at this point you can't be pigeonholed. I think this whole thing you like prove that you can do whatever you want, which is like the best place to be. I wouldn't mind. I mean I, I really found it rewarding to, to dig in to the case. You know, I was really, really fortunate to have Matt Murphy, who was the prosecutor in Rodney's 2010 retrial as a resource. He was so, so generous. Like he was not, we did not have the money to pay him. So he was not getting paid, but he really made himself available and, and not just as a kind of factual resource, which he often was, but there were times where just speaking to him was so emotionally grounding because again, he's someone who really obviously prioritizes victims first.


And you know, even just speaking to him would kind of like sometimes like really recenter me on what was important about telling the story. And, and Matt introduced me to Detective, well now the honorable Craig Robeson. But at the time, detective Craig Robeson, who, I mean, was the guy who cared enough about what was happening to actually take it seriously. 'cause as I'm sure you know, as I know, you know, really the story of Rodney Alcala is a story of law enforcement negligence and incompetence. And it makes my body temperature go up every time I even think about it.


Like it ugh. Like really, really makes me so upset. And I think even speaking to Craig Robeson and Matt Murphy, it was kind of illuminating for me because I mean, you think about okay, a serial killer who's been operating for over a decade, this young detective comes on the scene and kind of saves the day. And the prosecutor that keeps him behind bars and connects all the dots and you know, realizes that he's a serial murderer. I, it it's kind of like a ready made Hollywood story. But we don't really get into that in the movie because it would also feel really emotionally dishonest.


Yeah. Because when I walk away from, you know, months of research about this case, the feeling that I'm left with is heartbreak and rage. Yeah. Really rage. So They got to be the heroes. They were the heroes. Yes. And they were And that matters. But, but Because so many people Yes. Failed before them. That's right. And they're just as angry about that as anybody. Yeah. And that's where like I'll always say, I mean there's the really good ones can recognize and acknowledge when there are bad ones. And I, I even had a moment where I was like, oh no, like Matt has really been so helpful to me and I am not sure that he knows that.


Like the movie is not pro law enforcement. And I was like, oh my God, oh my God, is that gonna like bother him or hurt his feelings or is he gonna be angry? And then, I mean, he just put out a, a book and actually one of the chapters is about Rodney and Yeah. And he's actually going off more about law enforcement than I am in the movie. Yeah. So yeah, we can appreciate that for sure. I love it. And you said Matt didn't make any money, but like I was surprised to learn you didn't make any money on this either. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, I I think that, you know, we're we're both sort of steeped in some really valid ethical questions around true crime. And I, it believe me, this was never a, a moneymaking venture for me.


'cause you know, all the resources went to actually just making the movie. Yeah. But it wasn't until the Toronto Film festivals where the, the movie premiered and it's this big film festival for someone to buy movies. And that is where, you know, eventually Netflix bought the movie. But it wasn't until like the week before Tiff that I thought, oh, oh, the movie's gonna make money. Like I was just So you and I counting your pennies To Like pay everyone else. Like, lemme know when the movie happens to like, oh God, I'm responsible for this. And then I was just making the movie, making the movie and we just barely made the deadline to get into Tiff.


And then it was like, oh, oh, there's like money gonna be exchanging hands. And yeah, like I sort of asked myself the question of like, do you feel gross about this? And I did. And so yeah. So I'm not making money off of the, the movie the, the Money is going to or has gone to Reign and to the National Center for Victims of Violent Crime, which was a charity that Matt Murphy recommended to me. So, And we've, we've done work with both of them. They're like both incredible organizations. Yeah, I was gonna ask you like how you got connected with them, but that's perfect. Yeah. Yeah.


So yeah, I think that there are, it's still a complicated area, but that it's Yeah. That felt like certainly like the least to that I should do. Well I, I like, I, it's a huge, it's a huge thing to do and it's like, it's a, it's a weird place to navigate and like, I mean, as someone who's like still trying to figure it out, I think that, I think these stories have to be told and I think that there's probably a better way than it's been done in the past. Right. And it's like, how, how do we, how do we do right by the people who are in them? How do we, It's a, there's a lot Of a lot of heavy questions that I don't know.


It's not black and white. Ethics is never black and white. It's a little gray and it's, Yeah. And you know, again, like when I've shown the movie to friends, there are immediately like a handful of questions that they wanna know. Like, wait, wait, wait, did that really happen? Did that really happen? Like, you know, one of the ones that comes up a lot is like, wait, was he really working at the Los Angeles Times in like 1977? And you're like, yep. With his real name. Yep. With his real name. Like he'd been in jail for horrible crimes already at that point. And they, you know, constantly let him out really based on vibes by the way. 'cause parole boards were just like, yeah, I dunno, he seems chill.


I think he's reformed unbelievable men. And Then yeah, he like, you know, he changed his name in New York for a while, but then he like got a job at the Los Angeles Times under his real name. So Yeah. So the point being, there's, there's certain things that are like, oh my God, did that actually happen? And then yeah, there's a degree to which I, you know, the names of a lot of the sort of players in the, in the movie are changed as kind of a nod to the idea that like, I couldn't possibly capture the, the essence of a real person if I had a hundred years, let alone Right. A 90 minute movie. And, you know, as always, the idea was mostly to be trying to reach a kind of larger emotional truth about the danger that we walk around with and all the ways we try to stay safe.


And there are things in the movie that frankly feel like they could save a life. You know, IIII was watching that other Netflix show, worst Ex Ever. And I was literally like, oh my God, no. Do what Coy did. Like, please, please. And she, she survived. She, she's okay. The lady I was yelling at the TV as though I could like crawl through the screen and back through time Yeah. To, oh my God, it's just, ugh, it's so stressful. But I, I think there are like these tidbits that we get from these stories that remain in our subconscious and, and can aid us in our most challenging moments.


I think it's, you know, you had talked about earlier trying to like understand and can I, you know, can I gather all these tools to protect myself? And I, I've always viewed it as, I think I read it in like Tina Fay's book she was talking about if I can be so hypervigilant, like surely statistically it just won't happen to me. Like if I'm always on the way. And I think that's a little bit of like, the way that I have viewed it, the way I know a lot of our listeners view it is these stories often happen to us. And so if we can, you know, and it's not, it's not the shame and it's not them, but it's like, unfortunately I live in this world where I have to, you know, hold the keys a certain way and check in my backseat and look here and do all the things.


And if I can pick up all the tips and tricks Yeah. Maybe I'm like this much Yes. Like less likely to Have that happen. Yeah. And I'll just, I'll take that 2%, even if it's only 2%. 'cause the, the hypervigilant thing is fascinating because again, I, I think the case that really captured me when I was coming out of this really abusive situation was the Chris Watts case did, Don't get me started on family annihilators. I I, oh My God, I'm about to like, I, it's like my life dream to like just fund a study at some university because I cannot wrap my head. And I, I feel like not nearly enough has been done to understand like how someone goes.


And it's not zero to 60, it's not, but it feels like it.


Coming to a, B, C and Hulu, Amanda Riley Was a mother wife Speaker at her church and then She got diagnosed with cancer. A Beloved young Christian woman fighting a battle undeserved. We thought she was God's gift, but she was a liar. Why would somebody fake cancer From the number one smash it podcast? It was only a matter of time until Amanda's whole world came tumbling down. You're not gonna believe. Thisk Amanda. New episodes Thursday nights on A, B, C and Stream on Hulu.


Ladies and gentlemen, we are now boarding group A. Please have your boarding passes ready to scan. If your phone is cracked old or was chewed up by your Chihuahua Travel Companion, please refrain from holding up the line and instead simply go to Verizon and trade in any phone, in any condition from one of their top brands for the new Samsung Galaxy S 25 plus with Galaxy AI on unlimited Ultimate, and a watch or tap also on them service plan required for watch or tap trade in and additional terms apply See verizon.com for details.


I mean, yeah, unfortunately I could sit here and talk about Chris boss all day, but we'll just very briefly, like the more that I try every transcript I read, every recording, every text message that he ever sent to anybody that's ever been made available to the public, I just, it's frustrating. Be, I mean obviously it's more than frustrating. It's enraging. But his Did You get really sucked into that One? I girl I, it became, it became crazy. I forgot that I actually like, forgot that I went from being kind of a casual true crime person to like obsessed. And I was reading an old journal and I mean old it, it, this was again right after I left my abusive relationship.


It, it like coincided with when I learned about the Chris Watts case and I was even aware at the time 'cause I wrote it down like, oh, I, I, I think I'm sublimating my own trauma and just trying to figure out what happened in Chris Watt's mind so that I can understand what the fuck happened here. Whoa. Because how did you go from the most loving, the most wonderful and to so abusive making me feel crazy, all these things overnight. Like what happened? And one of the endless frustrating things about the Chris Watts case is I I I don't think he would be able to give you insight if you put him in therapy for the next 50 years.


Like I, no, I just, he is so asleep to himself and, and his family suffered the consequences of that. Yeah. I I think there are certain people who just will put themselves above everyone. But here's the rub in my opinion. Yeah. I think that a guy like Chris Watts and a guy like my ex, I think they genuinely experience themselves to be the victims. Like, I agree. I don't think that they're like, ah, screw it. I'm gonna kill my family. I don't care. I think that they're in such a state of like this kind of toddler esque terror that they're just like, no, I just, I'm in a bad situation and I don't wanna feel bad.


This feels so bad that I'm allowed to do whatever I have to do because this feeling is so bad and I'm such a victim here. And like that's their only way out. And like the idea of like being caught in an affair makes you feel so bad. Do think it's idea you annihilate your family. Like I, oh my God. Do You think it's the idea of being caught or that they're in the way of what he thinks is happiness? I know that there's different, the, believe me, I know there's different theories about, I, I believe you've been down the rabbits, But I, I don't know. My theory is that it was less like, no, you're standing in the way of what I want and so I'm gonna wipe you off the face of the earth. It was more like, I need to be seen as a good guy and a guy who leaves his family is not a good guy, but a guy who, his family whose family disappears is still a good guy.


And I can't be the guy that had an affair on my pregnant wife that is so intolerable to me that again, everything that it was his, his shame around having an affair, which by the way, that is an asshole move. But like, so what dude, you can get like, so, so so your wife, so Nan's friends think you're a dick. So what, like she would've gone on to live a beautiful life. It's, oh my god, your daughters. Yeah. And it's all just like, oh, I don't wanna deal with the shame of people knowing that I'm not a good guy. So I'm enacting that shame on my family. Is It, do you think it's a little bit of when you care more about what the world thinks of you than what you think of yourself?


Probably because, I mean, because I can't imagine, like, I can't imagine having to live with that. Even if everyone thought I was amazing, I couldn't live with myself, but he would rather live with live with the Lie. I mean I, I I think it's just like, well I did, I think from somebody like that, from many people who've committed terrible crimes, I think it's possible that their perspective is I would've been such a victim and almost like I did what I had to do to survive. But to them, someone thinking that you are kind of a dick who cheated on his wife is akin to Annihilation.


And I mean I think that sort of plays out in the movie. Like Rodney was diagnosed with a number of kind of contradictory disorders over the years by different doctors. Again, I can't know him and I am not really fucking interested, but I dunno gun to my head, I'd say just psychopathy and sexual sadism. And that's really just an accident. Right? And statistically, we're not that likely to meet an honest to God psychopath. We are incredibly likely to meet people who are emotionally incapable of dealing with their own pain and their own shame and having them enacted on us. And there's some stuff in the movie that feels more like that.


And maybe that's not a perfectly accurate representation of his psychology. Again, there's part of me that's like, I couldn't care less. Yeah, whatever dude, you're pathetic. You're rotting in hell fine. But that moment of going, oh, you feel like a victim right now where he's And I like crying. Exactly. Stop it on the, the beach. I feel very scared. And so I know that I need to absorb all this shame for you so that I can actually survive the situation. And I think that that's a situation that women know really well and probably know it on the day to day in much, much smaller ways where it's just like, you've almost been trained.


You couldn't ruin my day, you could ruin my month. Like, you know, there's a whole storyline with my character and her neighbor and you know, he kind of pressures me into sex and it sucks. And it's a really weird piece of the story. And yes, of course for women, there is that question of like, are you gonna physically harm me? But there's also the question of like, are you gonna psychologically torture me every time I step out my front door 'cause you're my neighbor. And like, I don't know, maybe it's easier for me to just go, okay, I guess we'll have sex and neither version is good. It's all awful. But like these are the choices that faced faced with what's less awful. Yeah. Yeah. That what's the one you can live with and live with on a daily basis?


And if I stand up in a meeting and say that I think Brian's idea isn't that great, what are the consequences gonna be for me? Yeah. Around the office and like making those bargains every day is, is also part of the fabric of the movie. How did, I don't know. And whatever you are, are not comfortable talking about how did you get out of your relationship? Because I think that's such like a, it always is. I like, I think about the takeaways in the movie, but I think you're somebody that people would look at and be like, she's fucking Hannah Kendrick. Like, but you got outta a situation. Yeah. And what did it take for you? I wish I had a simple answer. They never are. Like I, I, I know I think that those stories are always like really messy and complicated and uncomplicated and yeah, there were kind of steps along the way, but certainly there was a, there was a day that we were having a conversation and you know, it felt like I was always just trying to kind of, you know, while walking on eggshells Mm.


Trying to sort of go like, do you not see what you're doing? You know, like I just thought like surely he's reasonable. Surely he can be reasonable and, and he can see what's happening, you know, which wasn't gonna happen. But, you know, I was obviously holding onto some hope for a while, but there was a day that I really, I almost did a kind of version of the end sequence of the movie where I just stopped pushing back and, and it was almost like I went into, and I know that you've been there, that everyone listening has been there, where it's like, you almost go, okay, at this point I think I just need to go into like, like information gathering mode.


I'm actually not going to push back at all. I'm just gonna kind of agree with everything he's saying with his whole worldview, with all of it, just so that he'll keep talking and I can almost like get myself the information that I'm subconsciously avoiding seeing. And like just listening to him sort of describe where his, like worldview was coming from, or like his mindset was like, oh no. Like it was, it was just kind of so much more illuminating than any, you know, argument that we'd had because it really was like, okay, I'm creating a really, really safe space for you and you're talking crazy friend.


So yeah, that's when I, like, we went into couples therapy the next session and I was like, I think we need to cut contact for a while. And a while was many months, but, but you know, then it, you know, it was messy, it's complicated, whatever. And then, yeah, it was done and I put his stuff in storage and, and that was that. Do you still have a weird storage locker somewhere? No, No, No. I actually, I would've liked to burn it down at him. You know what's funny? There are so many times where I'm like, I should've, Ugh. But then I'm like, that would've been a gift to him. Oh know. Yeah. He would've eaten up love. I don I don't, I don't even know who we're talking about. He would've eaten would The victim.


Oh baby. He would've been, Yeah. Well, I love it. And I, I I thank you for ending on that story because I do, I, I think it's so important when talking about the stories, talking about the shame, all of it. Like it feels, I think people are waiting for like these big moments or like the actual, like physical abuse or all these big things when it's like it's in their daily life and it, and it, if relationships aren't making you better and making you happy, like that's abuse in and of itself. So thank you. I just think that was really beautiful and I like, haven't paid attention to my notes. I think we're out of time. I'm on your Schedule, so I don't know, do You, I think you're the one on like this, this giant pressor amazing movie that's coming out.


Do you wanna tell everyone where they can watch it? When they can watch it? Yes. So it's on Netflix starting October 18th, so I, I think that's probably already happening depending on when this airs. Yes. And yeah, it's Woman of the Hour and that it's on your, it's on your Netflix right now. You guys run, don't Walk. It is truly amazing. Start to finish. You guys are gonna love it and If you make it through the first five minutes, you've made it through the worst of it. I'll say If you these, these are crime junkies, they're like, no disclaimer needed you guys. Wonderful. This is made for you. You're gonna love it. Enjoy it. Thank you so much. This was so fantastic. Thank you for my merch. Oh, You're so welcome. Yes, merch.


Alright, well thanks again to SiriusXM for letting us hang out in their studio. I feel like a real grownup big kid podcaster now. And don't forget to follow the show. Add it to your library. You can also follow Crime Junkie and we're gonna have brand new episodes the last Friday of every month of CJAF. But if you can't wait until then, you can hear Crime Junkie Radio on the Sirius XM app for your 24 7 True Crime Fix. You can follow me, Ashley Flowers on Instagram and Ashley Flowers Crime Junkie on TikTok, and make sure you also follow Crime Junkie at Crime Junkie Podcast. I'll see you next month. Crime Junkie. Yay, Ashley. I hope you guys enjoyed that conversation half as much as I did.


Anna was truly you guys. I, they say never meet like your heroes of the people you love. She is a pleasure. She's everything you think she would be in person. I always love knowing that she's truly a treasure. So make sure you follow her. Go watch the movie and please, please, please go check out the episode. Serial killer Rodney Alcala if you want to hear the Crime Junkie version of that story. It's linked right in the show notes.


Ladies and gentlemen, we are now boarding group A. Please have your boarding passes ready to scan. If your phone is cracked old or was chewed up by your Chihuahua Travel Companion, please refrain from holding up the line and instead simply go to Verizon and trade in any phone in any condition from one of their top brands for the new Samsung Galaxy S 25 plus with Galaxy AI on unlimited, ultimate, and a watch or tap also on them. Service plan required for watch or tap trade in. In additional terms, apply See verizon.com for details.


Every morning is a new beginning, a chance for a strong start, and it starts at breakfast time from delicious old-fashioned and quick oats to instant oatmeal that microwaves in 60 seconds. Quaker oatmeal helps start your morning on a good note and as a good source of fiber with a hundred percent whole grains, the whole family can feel good about the goat. That's greatest oatmeal of all time. Try a delicious bowl of Quaker oatmeal today. Quaker. Bring out the good.