
They say opposites attract. That's why Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want it Soft. You wanna sleep cooler, but they like to feel warm. Sleep number does all of that. I sleep at 75 and my husband now sleeps at 35. Two completely different beds, but we're right next to one another. JD Power ranks sleep number number one in customer satisfaction with mattresses purchased in store and now sleep number Smart beds starting at $999. Price is higher in Alaska and Hawaii. For JD Power 2023 award information. Visit jd power.com/awards only at Sleep Number store or Sleep Number dot com


with no fees or minimums. Banking with Capital One is the easiest decision in the history of decisions. Even easier than deciding to listen to another episode of your favorite podcast and with no overdraft fees, is it even a decision that's Banking reimagined what's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member ft IC


State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability, Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Hi Crime junkies and happy Crime Junkie Thursday. I love this new little summer thing we have going. I hope you do too well today. Let me give you the spiel just one more time. Mondays are Crime Junkie days, but for the rest of the summer, we wanted to celebrate five years of the Crime Junkie Fan Club by celebrating you, our fans. And to do that, we wanted to release some Fan Club Vault episodes to you. We've been making bonus episodes almost as long as we've been making wide release episodes. And every single month in the fan club we do one full length episode, one mini episode, and one piece of bonus content. And you might ask, what does bonus content mean? Well, today I'm gonna show you.


Now I don't need to tell you that I'm obsessed with Unsolved Mysteries, right? Like that's a universal thing built into the DNA of all crime junkies. I feel like I love me some Robert Stack, And, I love me, the new Netflix reboot. So much so that back when the first season of the Netflix Unsolved Mysteries came out, Britt And I did a recap type episode about the whole series, case by case And I thought, what better time to share this bonus content with you Because PSAA new season of Unsolved Mysteries is coming out on Netflix at the end of this month. So this is your time to catch up. Listen to us chat about season one and If, you enjoy it. Watch the new season of Unsolved Mysteries. Join the fan club and come listen to us.


Talk about the new season If. you sign up for the fan club directly through our website. You can use code free summer and new members get to join whatever tier you want for free for the rest of July and all of August. All right, so here you go. Here is your Unlocked Vault episode, Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. And. I Am Britt. And personally, I am incredibly offended that you are not also the host of Unsolved Mysteries on Netflix. You're right here. You Don't have time, but you could make time. Listen, I can't tell you how many times I told Netflix I have a trench coat. Like if that's what you're waiting for. Exactly, exactly.


And it's not like they found someone better. There was no host. Oh. So that's actually part of what I wanna talk about. We wanna give you guys the Unsolved Mysteries Recap, Crime Junkie style. You are watching it, we're talking about it. You are talking about it. Let's all talk about it together.


So Britt, I am, what I'm thinking is I kind of wanna just get your thoughts on this series as a whole first and then we can kind of talk about each episode. So to be fair, I was way more of America's most Wanted person than an Unsolved Mysteries person. So I was going in a little bit maybe less biased than someone like a diehard like you. Okay. But the lack of a narrator was super jarring for me. Okay. Right. And like obviously no one could ever hold up to the late great Robert Stack, But no, I mean they tried to replace him, it did not work. So they had to bring him back, Right? But like there's still like no one kind of like telling spooky story, which is half of the like, I hate to say fun, but like half of the allure maybe.


Maybe you, the episode is someone kind of like leaving you on those like cliffhangers. And maybe it's also like a little bit of like millennial bias. I miss the commercial breaks where you're like, oh, Oh, I didn't even think about that. And then like your local grocer is like, Hey, we have bananas on sale this year, this week. Like I, this year I kind of missed like the, the nostalgia factor of having like a solid commercial break. I mean even in like shows from, you know, a few years ago that are Netflix, they still have those kind of like commercial break moments. You just don't get the commercials. And this felt way more stylized towards Netflix, which obviously they produced it, I get that. But the nostalgic in me, like I really wanted some of those like gaspy moments where I could run, you know, get a Capri Sun before it started back up again.


So I actually kind of agree with you, like, I mean I, I grew up on Unsolved Mystery, so I have that like appreciation and miss the nostalgia of it. But I definitely was in America's Most Wanted Girl. I've said it a thousand times, John Walsh was my boyfriend. We spent every Saturday night together. But I, I don't know, maybe this has always been big. I'm about to say something that might sound silly, but like, I feel like nostalgia is very in right now. Totally. And it might always be totally, but I'm just like finally at an age where like I have something to be nostalgic about And I, think here's my like quick hot take on Unsolved Mysteries. If, you would've called it anything else. I would've loved it. I would've given it an 11 out of 10. It was wonderfully produced. The stories were super compelling, so well told, loved like the compassion for the victims and the families.


And really, I mean, unsolved Mysteries has always been about trying to solve cases. I think I read somewhere that of all the cases they've covered, they've actually helped solve like 260 of them. I love the mission of Unsolved Mysteries. So 11 out of 10 If you would've called it just like Netflix's Mysteries. However, I, what I was waiting for, what I was wanting was that kind of, you know, the same, same thing, same appreciation and same storytelling, but that like cheeky campy vibe that it had is what I miss so much. To your point, having that narrator to walk you through the story and tell you about the cases and having Robert Stack ask you like maybe you can solve a mystery. Well, And like, and again, like coming back to what you said, like I appreciate hearing the stories of people involved or people close to the case or you know, the victim's family and and friends.


I appreciate them maybe having like a, a louder voice or a more prominent voice in the episode. That was amazing and that was something that maybe we didn't get as much of in like the old school one, but it's a Double-edged sword, right? Because Exactly. We don't get that because we have one case per episode where as part of what I missed about Unsolved Mysteries is they could take a case that no one else could cover because there wasn't an hour of content. So they would do like three cases per episode. And I think that's what made it so great. And I think that's why, you know, I mean so many podcasts still use Unsolved Mysteries to even talk about the crime cases we're talking about now because Unsolved Mysteries for a lot of cases Was were the only ones talking about it.


Exactly. Because again, they were like, okay, we just need to fill 10 minutes of content, not an entire like 40 minutes of content with each story. The Episodes were almost told in like vignette styles. So you have yeah, multiple stories within one, you know, 43 minute television episode. Was there a lot to go off of? No, but that's why Unsolved Mysteries could cover it, like you said. Yeah. So I'm a little bit not concerned isn't even the right word. I am, well maybe it is. I'm a little bit concerned that as we continue to go on, it's still gonna just be these bigger cases. Now granted, most of the ones from this first batch of episodes they, they put out were fairly unknown. So if they can keep that up, I think that's really awesome because again, that's like what I, what I loved about it, it is you could tune into Unsolved Mysteries and hear a case that you had never heard about and it just like blew your mind.


But these cases, I mean, true to that, they did blow my mind. So I think we should kind of run through the six episodes that they did. Maybe we'll call it Netflix's Unsolved Mysteries. Yeah. And for, again, for the 11 out of 10, how much I loved it, I, I wanna talk about the episodes and all the things that I loved about them and talk about theories. So, you know, we split up the episodes. I'm gonna do one through three, you're gonna do four through six. Let's dive in. So like I said, part of what I want to do with our review is to give you a quick overview of the cases, let you know if there has been any updates, what the internet is going crazy over, because new theories have emerged in some of these stories already.


but we are going to be skipping over episode one, both because we already did a full length episode on this case, but also because certain parties that were mentioned during our episode on Ray Rivera sent us a letter through their lawyers threatening legal action because they believed that our episode suggested that they may have had something to do with Ray's death. So in an effort to stay safe and to be on the up and up, we aren't going to talk about this case until our lawyers have worked with theirs to sort this out. And I know that isn't a lot, but that is really all I can say about that.


Okay, so episode two onto episode two.


Your furniture helps make your house a home. So you should treat it like part of the family. The high performance fabric from the Ashley store is the perfect way to show your sofa and refiners some love. It is stain resistant wear and tear proof and treated with UV protection to keep colors from fading in the sun. I got these massive blue chairs for one of the apartments at the audiochuck office. And I am obsessed. Two could cozy up in this thing. One would fit perfectly into an apartment as an accent piece. And two chairs can hold their own in a grand room of a house. And the fabric cushion covers are removable, washable, and quick drying, making it easier to clean and maintain your beautiful furniture even when it feels like your kids and pets are trying to constantly destroy it like mine. So when spills dirt, muddy paws, or sticky little fingers make a mess. Don't stress the Ashley Store's High Performance Fabric has your back shop in store or online@ashley.com. Ashley, for the Love of Home,


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X card, what's in your wallet terms, apply lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


So in episode two, which was titled 13 Minutes, we learn about a woman named Patrice who went missing. And again, we've all seen it, but I'll just give you like a short recap and then we can kind of talk about the things that stood out to us. So Patrice drops her son off at school, goes to work, she works at a hair salon and literally in a 13 minute window, hence the name of the episode, she goes straight up missing, which Right off the bat blew my mind. Yeah, I mean we talk about this a lot. I feel like it's more common than we even believe where like these things happen in almost these unbelievable windows of time. Impossible. Yeah. Yeah. So when police get there, once they realize she's missing, something's amiss, they realize that money had been taken from the register, but not from her purse, which did have cash in it, but the purse was actually rifled through.


And this is something that I got stuck on for a long time. Like if you're there to steal the money, steal all the money, no. Right? Like it's a robbery for a reason, but Is it like, and that's the big thing is, is what was the motive for this crime? And that's something that to this day I don't think the public really has an answer to. One of the things that I thought was super interesting is, you know, they make a big deal in the episode about where her car was parked. So normally she like backed in, she was right on the side of the building, but the day that she goes missing her car is like kind of in front of the building. So the one thought I had is maybe the rifling through her purse to get the keys again.


I don't know if you're gonna bother to take the register money. I don't know why you don't take the purse money, but maybe they were looking for the keys. Yeah. Or even like the purse in general, like credit cards, cash, whatever's in there. Like why not just like throw it over your shoulder and take it along? Yeah. And that is to me like what makes this looks like a staged robbery because again, I'll just take everything outta the cast register and all I need are the keys. And that's what this person leaves with. So she's missing. And do you wanna talk about Rob? I mean where to start? Honestly, I mean we should start by saying this dude probably should have passed on doing the documentary because even though police ha have openly said like he has an alibi, it seems to check out.


So Sketch, We're looking at other possibilities. Yeah, he looked so bad and there were like a couple of quotes of his that I literally like had to rewind and write down because I was just so like taken aback by them. Like there's one time when you know they're talking about her being missing and, and people are like, you know, they didn't have a great relationship. Pistol is saying pistol is her son. Pistol is saying, yeah, they fought all the time. But when Rob's asked about this by producers, he basically says like there's no point in arguing. All that does is drive divisions in relationships. Like, oh dude, hey, Well a have you like anyone who's ever been married ever is like, no, you just, like sometimes you fight like, and to me that's the natural answer is like, yeah, we like fought about random stuff and you know, things don't Get me started about like loading the dishwasher.


It's like You and Justin are still fighting about that. We don't fight about it. We just cannot be in the kitchen when the other one is doing it. That's, that's it. That like, because you've Learned that If, you do it together, it drives a division in your relationship. Like, I mean basically that's probably like a point in like Rob's section, but like we fight about dumb things well all the time. Yeah, but Here's the thing is like when I ask you about you and Justin fighting, you had something immediately that came to your mind. One of the other things that stood out to me is when Pistol is also talking about how, you know, his mom was talking about divorce a couple of weeks before she went missing and these issues again and again it's posed to rob all of this and he's like, I, this is new information. I never knew she was interested in divorce. Which might be true. Like if someone is looking to leave someone and you don't necessarily like give them a heads up, I don't know.


Right. But one thing he said is quote, sometimes there were issues but I don't remember the issues. Oh no honey, I remember every issue. Yeah and you, you know, you remember everything always. But ev like in any relationship, especially like when someone were to go missing, like I would just think back to every fight I had with Eric and be like that it didn't matter. Like why are we even wasting our time? It it, to me it seems like something you would kind of fester on and you would at least remember again, we could not get over the dishwasher. No, I don't wanna kill Justin over the dishwasher, but my God, I know we thought About it, but it was like a thing that's like been in our relationship for, you know, eight years or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. And so this is something that starts to come out in the documentary is this division, this disgruntled relationship between Pistol and Rob And I at first, you know, when you start I'm thinking that Rob's gonna like defend himself and he just is straight up like basically no, like I hated that kid.


He was awful. He was terrible. The like, I mean, just says horrible things about him. I I don't think he's going anywhere. I think he's, I mean the, the kid's mom is going missing and this is the part that stuck out to me like crazy is within 24 hours after Patrice goes missing, he changes all of the locks in the home. Which, and Like it, it kind of reminds me of like when kids go missing and like the parents never move away. Like you never, like you always wanna be that home base for the person that you love who went missing. You know, like yeah you don't change your phone number, you don't change your cell phone number, you don't change your address.


Like you stay in this home even though you know the area that you're in is only going to remind you of your loss. Like you never want to discount the idea that like if they come back, I will still be exactly where they left me. And I'm sure If, you were to like pose that to him. He would say, well she could just knock on the door, like I'd be right there, whatever, which I listen, you can, I'm just, I'm just trying to like play devil's advocate but I under no circumstances understand that happening within 24 hours. Like you don't know where she is. Maybe she did just up and walk away. Maybe she left with a friend 24 hours and you're like changing the locks on your home and It's incredibly too soon in my unprofessional opinion.


Well and it's a home that you share with her son, your stepson and like the amount of like cruelty, I feel like I could feel when Rob was talking about this and he was just like, listen, like, like good riddance, like someone else can take care of him basically. Like I didn't wanna have to be looking over my shoulder and worrying about this kid too. I had enough going on. Don't you think he had enough going on? His mom is missing. He never let him come in and get his stuff. Like again, I just was like, is this guy hearing himself? I don't know if he's a narcissist, I don't know what it is, but like he says the things out loud and clearly thinks that they're like super reasonable whereas everyone else hears them and is like, what is wrong with this guy?


Yeah. So she's missing for literally years. No one knows where she is. No one has contact with Her, no one has contact with her. Rob and pistol have like almost no contact with each other. Pistol goes to live with his biological dad. But eventually after a few years, Patrice's remains are located in a wooded area not too far from where she was abducted. It's kind of interesting the woods that Patrice was found in, she was not the only person to be found in those woods. What? Yeah, so prior to her case there was a case of a young boy, he was like 11, his name was Levi and he was abducted like in 97 after like riding a bike from one friend's house to another disappeared and he ended up being found in those woods and he was shot, I believe to death.


And then Patrice is 2004. And then in 2008 there is the case of this woman named Meredith Emerson. And she actually is someone they like briefly brought up in the episode because one of the suspects in Patrice's case is Gary Hilton and he is like for sure convicted of murdering Meredith who were found in the same woods. So I think that's one of the reasons they're like kind of connecting the cases. Yeah. And If, you guys want to hear an entire episode on Meredith and Gary Hilton. That's actually one of the first episodes we did in our new series Park Predator. So I highly recommend it. It might give you a little more insight into this guy who was a suspect and you know, just kind of into the area at the time because it's hard to tell if any of these are connected, not knowing how Patrice died.


But they're far enough away that I think it's unlikely this might be like the Lincoln and Park of this area. It just like seems that mm, again over the course of a few years, like multiple bodies have popped up there now we don't know how she died. They're keeping that information like for law enforcement only, I assume to like rule out people who might confess or whatever. Right? Right. But they did make a huge point in the unsolved mysteries segment of noting that her ring wasn't found. Like this is the piece of evidence that they're looking for. It was found nowhere on the floor of the woods, which doesn't mean it wasn't there, it wasn't picked up, it wasn't taken away. It's still there, you know, who knows, right? But now that the ring is gone is robbery back on the table as a possible motive.


I mean, but that's the only thing I, I don't know. Yeah, neither do I. And again, was it like a personal thing that someone wanted to take it? Was it a money thing? Was it again to try and throw off the scent of something in a robbery? It was weird. It's something that everyone is looking for, I assume in pawn shops, in people's homes, whatever. But this is like the standout piece of evidence that Unsolved Mysteries released. But after we find out that Patrice is dead again, we get some weird comments from Rob who basically just says maybe they're not that weird, but he says, I have no comment for people who think I did it. So he doesn't really like defend himself, he's just, which I know you're tired of me defending Rob, but I kind of get at some point because it's like I've Said everything I can say, I'm not gonna say anything else like believe me or don't.


Yeah. Like put up or shut up kind of thing. But just as I'm about to defend Rob, it got weirder. His like last farewell. Do You wanna talk like, what was that? That's all I have to say. I think, Yeah. So for anyone listening who hasn't seen it, or maybe it was days ago and you can't remember, so Rob's last farewell is he asked the person who worked at the funeral home to take all of Patrice's bones and lay them out and like basically reassemble her so that he could come and say goodbye.


And what he says is quote reassemble her, lay her out for me. And when they do that they like give him a moment alone and he picks up her skull and just like carries it around with him for a while, is what he says. Like, which is what he says. Which is like the, honestly one of the wildest things of this episode because he flat out says It, oh is it the wildest thing? Because, well first of all before I go to the, the next bananas thing he did is he had a line at the end of that where he says, you know, he kisses her goodbye, he puts her skull back with her body and he says quote, that's the last time I saw Patrice anywhere near intact.


End quote, I rewound this twice. What a weird thing to say. That's the last time I saw her intact. It really is like, what does it mean? Why is he saying it? Why is he like saying it out loud to like on a micro, like there are so many questions intact. Like what did you ha when did you ever see her not intact? Like that's, that's my question. And again, we don't know how she died. I don't know if she was ever, Well like the last time I saw her intact, did I see her? Did You see her un intact later? So he has her cremated, he gets her home and then he says that he sleeps with her ashes like she was his teddy bear.


It just, which makes my stomach turn a Little bit, again, I don't know what it's like to lose a spouse. I don't know the kind of grieving, but like you just walked around with her skull, now you've got like a build a bear of ashes. That's a phrase. It's weird. Yeah. One that I never thought I'd have to say. Yeah. There's just so many questions as like his reasoning even for some of these things, even again coming back to defend him, even if he had nothing to do with anything, this is all, well We said this all time time, right? I mean police are saying he has an alibi. Like we're really not looking at him anymore. I, I don't feel like I heard the words like we've totally cleared him, but what they said was like it would be really improbable that he could do it.


So I mean if we're going off what police say, like I don't think he has anything to do with it, but this kind of shows you that reinforces like how many episodes have we done on like bad husbands and we've said before, being a bad husband, being like a kind of a gross guy does not make you a murderer. Well and On top of that, like you coming back to another thing that we say a lot too, like you never know how you're going to respond to the loss of someone close to you if and when that happens. Yeah. And here was something I found interesting though because again, he says he is sleeping with these ashes like a teddy bear. But when the producers ask to actually like see them, granted it's been years, I'm sure he doesn't sleep with them anymore, but he like has to go to his hall closet and is like, oh she should be in here and is like digging around and like there's this box on the floor that looks all beaten up and tattered and he even tries to point up like, oh this is how beaten up it looks and you can tell that whatever, whatever, You know, it's old and it's been here for ages, whatever.


Yeah. but he pulls out this box from within the box, it looks more like it was made out of plastic or water or something. It's black. So out of this cardboard box he pulls out this other thing that looks completely pristine and to get her ashes out he actually like in front of camera has to like cut open that black box. Which Is wild in the moment. Yeah. Because I'm like, okay, so you've been, you've had these for years and years and years and not that you need to look at them, but for someone who carried around the skull and was sleeping with them, I find that very surprising. You would kind of expect it to be, you know, like on an urn, on a shelf, on a mantle somewhere displayed Not at the bottom of the closet floor. And that's what's so upsetting to me is because he clearly, you know, whatever he did with them before, however he treasured them before now they're sitting on the floor in his hall closet and pistol has said like he won't like share them with him.


He's never been able to see his mom's remains. He's literally like getting joy out of keeping it from her son, which he even kind of alludes to when he's like doing an interview. And I. Yeah. It's kind of like a spiteful thing for him. It's so Bizarre. It is so bizarre. But again, police have said he has an alibi that seems almost irrefutable to break. He had a receipt, right? Like a timestamp for receipt from getting gas and then some kind of like automated thing at his work when he like comes in and out. Now the thing I don't know that I tried to look up but couldn't find is, is he on camera? Were they able to verify that it was him who got these receipts right?


And who was driving the car that went through? I don't know that answers to that. But again, we, all we can do is trust that police did their due diligence when they investigated him. And we cannot legally say anything beyond that. Like we have to hope that they did a good job. Now one of the pieces of evidence, like something specific that I had looked for over and over is in the episode they kept talking about Patrice's car. How it used to normally on any other day that she worked it would be like backed in on the side of the building right by the side door. Right. So on the day she goes missing, it's like in front of the building and there were witnesses that came forward that said they saw this like blue sedan and they all think it's like a different type of sedan.


And maybe there were people, maybe they weren't, maybe it was a man, maybe it was a woman, whatever, whoever it is, they think this blue car could be the key. Do you know how hard, I tried to find out what kind of car Rob drove at the time Patrice went missing. I Feel like that's why we're recording this episode today and not four days ago. Yeah, but I, I can't, I don't know. I mean I honestly would like anyone in her life because one of the witnesses said, no one said they saw a man matching Rob's description to be completely clear. Right? They see like a long haired, one person says it's a man, one person says it's a woman, but it actually matches Patrice's description and then like an older woman, which they gave no explanation for who that older woman could possibly be. I mean, again, maybe this car isn't related at all, but I can't think of a scenario in my mind blue car totally aside where the position of her car makes a ton of sense unless they like whoever came had to have come on foot, used her car to take her away somewhere and then came back and just dropped the car off.


But like why even bother In like a completely different area and setting? Well yeah, I just don't, I can't think of a scenario that that makes a lot of sense. Like I think some people had brought up like, oh maybe she was in a hurry or maybe she was coming back and I'm like, I don't think there's a scenario where Patrice was driving. Do you? No, I don't think so either. It just seems completely unlikely for that to be the scenario. But I mean there's, so this is gonna be a theme in like every single episode we cover, but like there's so many unanswered questions. Yeah, it's hard to say yes or no either way, you know. Yeah. So I don't know. Again, unsolved mysteries, we don't know why her car was parked there. We don't know who is in the blue car if the blue car is relevant.


We have no idea what happened to her in those 13 minutes and beyond that day. We have no suspects, no persons of interest. Just a lot of unanswered questions. All righty. Episode three. Okay. So when I started this I knew nothing about this case. Neither, neither did I. And I did not see this coming based on the title of the episode, I literally was expecting like some kind of crazy bloody massacre of an entire family. Yeah. And like I don't do well with those sort of like spooky things.


Yeah. So I was like bracing myself hardcore. Yeah. So we like open in this cute little French town by the way. Mad hard to take notes when also reading subtitles. And again I knew like nothing going in and I'm like, again this is like a whole family. And then I'm like oh my gosh no this is a straight up Robert Fisher situation. Except this dude couldn't even be bothered to spare the dogs and before he like up and left. Yeah. So basically what we find out is the house just goes like quiet shutters are closed. The family gets all these weird letters from from the parents who are like, Hey we're spies in the DEA so we're not gonna be here anymore.


The kids' schools all get letters that are like, hey we're in Australia. And they put a note on the door, it's like, hey, just don't deliver mail. We're not here right now. Which buys so much time. Yeah. And police are coming back day after day because there's this nosy neighbor, thank God for nosy neighbors who's like, something's not right. Something's not right, something's not right. So they finally discover the mom and her four kids and their two dogs buried underneath the house and it's almost like a crawl space, kind of like underneath a porch or something is like the best way I can describe it. If, you haven't seen it Like for like Midwesterners maybe like kind of like a Michigan basement but even a little bit different 'cause it's under a porch instead of the building.


Yeah. Like I mean I would have to crawl on my hands and knees I think to like go under there like nobody even If you were short. It's not like you can just stand up and walk and go in. But they find all five people and the dogs like wrapped in trash bags and buried in the ground. But as they're uncovering all of these bodies, guess whose body isn't there? Dad's dad. Yeah. And it becomes pretty clear, pretty quick that he's on his own and he had inherited this rifle from his father when his father passed away. And we kind of learned that his whole facade of like who he was, who he put off to, everyone who his kids like thought they were is all kind of a lot.


Like he was almost in financial ruin and was going to be discovered. Which is what we see so many times, So many times like over and over again. And it's, I understand like situations are dire but God, why kill your family because of it. I cannot get past it. And it's all like with these family annihilators, it's all like the psychology of it, right? Like it's, they part of them thinks that they're saving their family this shame or something. Or it could really be, I mean I think it's different for each person. Some people think that they're saving family shame. Some people it's all about their own shame and they don't want Their almost fixing the problem by making it disappear. Yeah. Like, okay, I don't have to answer to my family because my family isn't here anymore.


Right. One thing that I had a hard time picking up from the documentary is I really couldn't tell where his friends like stood on the matter because at the beginning of the episode I feel like they spent a lot of time being like, I knew him, he couldn't have done this. He he had a bad back. There's no physically, there's no way he could have like gone under that what what we're calling a Michigan basement and buried them. Like there's just no way. But Then they kind of waffle a bit. Yeah. But like, but yeah and and then towards the end of the episode, like in a, you can tell it's a separate interview. They're like, this is, I just can't believe it. I, this is so hard to believe. So they almost have come to the realization that listen, this is real. Right. And it's hard to argue with the evidence because he is seen after his family dies and you know, they finally realize what's going on.


He is seen on camera, he's using his credit card, he's buying dinner, he's buying gas, he's at a hotel, they catch him on hotel footage like parking and then just kind of like walking off into the vast open. But I have to think that that was so planned. I mean in my opinion it almost has to be And I. Think we talked about this even in, you know, Robert Fisher, like you said, a really good example is like you don't just do this without knowing your next like three steps. Yeah. And I, you know they said it I think in the episode, And I think it's something we've talked about too. And we did a little research on family annihilators is that often family annihilators will take their own life as well.


Or like in the case of Robert Fisher, like he went on the run but he was like really trying to hide it literally felt like this guy was leaving breadcrumbs almost like I want you to know where I'm going. But, but he wasn't found. So it was it like was it specifically to lead them down the wrong Path. Now what I found interesting is I was reading in Newsweek, there was this question posed on Reddit and it said quote a man in his fifties with supposedly a bad back moving four dead bodies worth of dead weight and two dogs outside placing them in trash bags and burying them the way that he did is close to impossible to do alone.


Ever try moving a 50 pound bag of wet leaves or grass into a trash bin. And on top of that he did it all over the course of a night minus one sun end quote. So this kind of poses the question of was there another person, right? Like was he acting alone And, and like to answer this Reddit user's question, I just had to move my 34 pound daughter from the floor to her bed in a span of three feet at the age of 31. Very difficult. Well Yeah, I mean, and again you have four almost adult sized teenagers and some in their twenties And you aren't, I mean not that I'm spry by any mean, but you have a back injury like impossible.


Yeah. And so to, to have it all done in one night seems a little bit improbable to do alone. But I also found in this same article, so again this is on Reddit, take it with a grain of salt. Apparently there are a few users that have been quote discussing alleged sightings of the deceased family members after the dates that they were believed to have been killed. What? Yeah. So I'm gonna continue to read. So quote one person who claims to have found a French blog posted by Xavier's family speculates up to nine people saw Ange, the wife alive after the date. Police said that she was killed.


Some of these people state they spoke to her and she was normal. Some say a bit agitated. She was seen walking the dog after the fourth April and was also seen with Anne and Bertrand, the two youngest kids end quote. So, okay. Yeah. So I, I don't know what any of that means. And I can't verify a French blog. So again, Reddit grain of salt. But was this some sort of like, I don't even know what they're implying. Some sort of like family suicide pact or like, or maybe the mom helped them or him or I, again, I don't know what this means. It's just is saying that maybe the timeline isn't what we thought it was. Maybe there is someone else, whether that's a family member, whether that's an outside person.


'cause one of the other things I can't get over is the fact that they said there was no blood. How is every person killed execution style but there is no blood. Yeah. It just seems not only unlikely but impossible. In the same Newsweek article that I had, I found it super interesting because they had said that specifically the bullets were found inside their bodies, meaning that they didn't like leave but there wasn't exit wound. So what that is suggesting is that the bullets would've had to like exit their skulls but like hit something and bounce back in. So in this article they theorized, well what if they were killed in a bathtub?


And that would explain like the no blood, it would explain the exit wounds, but the bullets still being inside of them Watched in them. Right. But what it doesn't explain to me, And I guess we don't know the levels of sleeping pills in their system. But it doesn't explain like this isn't, you didn't just kill like one person or even two like little kids. How do you get five adults in like I guess one of them was gone. So four adults in a bathtub presumably one at a time and not wake anyone up, not startle anyone. There's no, I just, well And again, like coming back to the fact that this is like a crawlspace Michigan basement situation. The bathtub would've at least been on the main floor above that if not, you know, a second floor.


I don't remember the outlay of the building, but like again, like you said, one at a time in the bathtub, bang, take them down at least one flight of stairs in theory to this crawl space and then do it all over again with no one stopping you. And well Even If you, like even If you made it like, again there was a silencer I guess, but even If you like killed them in the tub, cleaned up the blood, moved them out, moved the next person in the tub. Like it's still, I mean you can do Do well and no blood and and like no blood trail like If, you shoot them in the tub you Yes like the majority of the blood is going to end up in the tub that you can rinse and clean out. But like you have to move them then, but Yeah, you'd almost have to wait for them to like bleed out in there.


Exactly. It doesn't make any sense. Again, unsolved mystery, like I don't, we don't know. There's been no sightings of him. No confirmed sightings. One of the things I thought was super interesting was the fact that he told his one son he could go back to university and then he like called him back. So I had gone to this like training with this guy named Richard Walter who was like this world renowned crime assessment hero. Oh my gosh. He is And I. Remember one thing specifically I learned from him about family annihilators and he said that often what you'll see is a family annihilator. If they have a firstborn son, they have a very hard time committing the act and they still will.


But like often you'll see that The You see like more communication or more connection or more like information. Well I'm saying like not even that. No, just like the carnage is totally toned down. So whereas they might totally like bludgeon their wife or their daughters or even younger sons, like the amount of damage to the body specifically to the face you will see will be far, far less because they see that firstborn son as like an image of them. Right. And so when I heard this whole thing, I kind of wondered if he sent Thomas like off to university because he like was trying to spare him, but then like after everything was done he realized he couldn't. Right. Or even it was just like the one that he was dreading the most or he like, you know, never wanted Thomas to wake up or He was kind of putting it off.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So, so crazy. You know, he's still on like France's like most wanted men list. No one has seen him. No one knows where he could be. People have talked about Latin America, people have talked about Europe, who only knows this guy could blend in anywhere. He could be anyone.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. I've heard it before. Comparison is the thief of joy and it's so easy to envy other people's lives. Personally, I catch myself doing it almost every day, especially when I'm scrolling on my phone. Just seeing everyone's lives through the pictures and videos they post. It really does feel and look like they have it all together on their Instagram. But I have to remember in reality they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just. fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime Junkie today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ Crime. Junkie


Buying jewelry is a dream scenario whether for yourself or a loved one, but the shopping process can be overwhelming, leaving you unsure about such a significant purchase. That's where Blue Nile steps in to provide the confidence you need with thousands of independently graded diamonds and fine jewelry pieces. At prices far below traditional retail Blue Nile offers exceptional value. Their high industry standards give you the peace of mind you deserve when making a serious investment. Whether you're seeking a classic white gold tennis bracelet or some stylish diamond huggy hoops to elevate your everyday style, Blue Nile expert team is available 24 7 to guide you through the process. From technical questions to budget suggestions. They are here to help you find the perfect piece that fits your needs. The best part you can shop with confidence. Knowing Blue Nile backs every purchase with a 30 day return policy and a diamond price match guarantee buying jewelry is so timeless and classic and for me so overwhelming. But truly every time I've shopped with Blue Nile, it's such a streamlined process. The Blue Nile expert team are like my very own jewelry concierge, making sure I get exactly what I want. Experience the ease and convenience of shopping at Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to Blue Nile dot com today. That's Blue Nile dot com.


Okay, so episode four is the death of Alonzo Brooks. And basically on April 4th, 2004, Alonzo goes to this farm party with some friends about 50 miles away from his home in Garner, Kansas. And like as a farm kid, like I totally get exactly what kind of party this was. It was in this abandoned house in this tiny town called Lacing, Kansas. And he was one of the older guys there. He was like 23. And on top of that, he was also the only person of color, which will come up later. And he went to this party with one of his friends. That friend went to get some supplies, got lost and basically was like, you know, I'm gonna go home, just ride home with one of our other friends and whatever.


But Alonzo never made it home after the party. And the next morning his friend call his mom is like, Hey is is Zoe there? Which Zoe is a nickname. Just like broke my heart 'cause it's so cute. I know. Hey, is Zoe there? And his mom was like, well he should be. She checks his room, he's not there. She checks the basement, he's not there. And then like this huge network of friends who were at the party who weren't at the party, just people who knew Alonzo calling each other being like, Hey, where is he? Have you seen him? Have you heard from him anything? And there's nothing, even the people who were at the party after the friend who took Alonzo there, like they were like, well we thought he left before us. We thought he was gonna go home with someone else.


Like no one actually knew like when or how Alonzo left this sort of barn party. And That's like the thing that stood out to me the most is I was like, Crime, Junkie life rule. There's a reason this is a rule. Like you come together, you leave, leave together, together. Because I understand like I, I, you know, I heard all of them say like, you know, I, I got stuck somewhere or I got lost or I was gonna leave early. And he said he had a ride. And, I get it. Like, but once you get passed off so many times, like no one is looking out for anyone at that point. Right? And, I think we talk about this a little bit in some other episodes, but you know, that's kind of like, at least to me, like a girl code. Like you do not let your friend walk home by yourself. You do not let your friend walk to her car by yourself. And, I feel like it's getting more prevalent now across the board between like genders and stuff.


But like in 2004, like especially in Kansas in the middle of the Midwest, like they're in the middle of nowhere and guys are tough guys. Like they don't need someone to make sure they're gonna get home in like that's the Perce you're saying that's the perception. That's the perception, yeah. Like as someone who grew up in a similar area, a little bit younger, but with the same sort of like attitude of people. Like I totally get that. Like yeah, it would be very surprising if like one of the guys I grew up with would be like, are you going to text me when you get home to another guy? Like that would never happen in this timeframe, in this area, in this mindset. So I don't wanna fault his friends too much because I think that's just where they were in that moment.


And based on this episode they've, you know, drastically changed their mindset and their feelings on that sort of situation. So they all kind of band together, go back out to this house where they had this party and they start looking for him and they don't find him. But on the property where the party was, they found one of his boots and within walking distance across the street, they found another boot that belonged to him along with his hat. And at this point, you know, Alonza's mom is like up to 11, she calls law enforcement and she's like, my son is missing what next? Like what can you do?


What do we need to do? Et cetera. And they're like, oh, you need to wait like 48 hours. Like we've heard a million times. And she's like, I'm sorry. No, I know I'm filing a missing person's report right now, so you're gonna take it And I love that about her. She just fights from the very beginning. Yeah, She's sassy. I like her. Oh, she was, she's like my favorite person a hundred percent. So law enforcement like goes out, they search for him, they bring out, you know, tracking dogs and helicopters and even really early on the FBI gets involved and there was even a dive team who went through a sort of creek that ran through the property and they find nothing. And even a ton of people get interviewed, but no one knows anything.


Like people from the party. They're all just like, I don't know. And law enforcement is basically like, well he must have just gotten drunk and started walking home. But at this point we, we know that Zoe doesn't have any shoes because we found his shoes on the properties and on top of that, he had recently messed up his ankle and had like a pretty significant limp. And Ashley, you know me, I mess up my ankles constantly. And I personally cannot imagine like walking any considerable length of like, I'm just gonna go home 50 miles away on my bum ankle without shoes.


No, not happening. No, No. Like I can, you've seen me, I can barely make it through an airport sometimes. So all that happened again, like at the beginning of April. It was like April 4th, 2004. And this entire time his family is like, you know, can we help? Can we do anything? And law enforcement is like, no, no, we're fine. Like we're doing everything possible. But finally on May 1st they're like, okay, fine, you guys can go out and search this property. But it's definitely more of like a, we've already looked, I don't know what you're gonna find. Like we've been there, we've been through everything. Like, but did they though? Oh, well, and that's the kind of the question is like in, in my opinion in the documentary, they're like, yes. Like we pulled out all the stops to like make sure we checked everything.


But the family was like, okay, but you didn't find him. But the thing is like his family finds him right off the bat and in the creek just like steps away from where the party was. And so there's this whole debate on like, how thorough was the law enforcement search. Yeah. Like yes, we know there were like dogs and helicopters and stuff and even law enforcement was like, well, like maybe he like fell into the creek and floated away or floated back. I feel like I'm out of my element. Like clearly this is not my expertise. I don't, I've never conducted a search, I've never found anyone. Right. But I don't, I I understand the family's frustration because if I went there, like again, like you said, steps away from where this thing happened, And I find my son and you said you looked here that I, I'm not any less angry.


Even if there is some explanation, which I do not understand, which I hope was explained to the family, but it sounds like maybe it wasn't. 'cause they're still upset. I get why they're Upset a hundred percent and obviously an autopsy is performed and the me can't really determine a clear cause of death. There's no, you know, penetrating injuries based on not only the body, but he was also completely closed. So like there's no like rips or tears indicating, stabbing just so crazy. Indicat, there's no bone fractures, there's no evidence of drowning. There's no water in his lungs or airways. There's no evidence of a gunshot wound. Like obviously strangulation is still a possibility. Well Yeah, but it says hyoid bone intact.


Well, And that's the thing, like the Emmy said that there were no broken bones, so I would assume that that would be Included in that. Yeah. Yeah. But the decomposition of his body is severe enough to not really be able to determine if there was like, you know, like bruise marks on his neck or anything like that. Mm, That makes sense. But I mean, here's the thing, like you said, supposedly law enforcement was crawling all over this place and even the divers said like if he was here, the water wasn't even that deep when we searched it. Like we would've found him very, very quickly if he was here.


And on top of that, his personal effects are completely intact. He had papers and like paper dollars in his wallet. They weren't, you know, moldy, they didn't even look like, like water logged. And even the people who found him said that his body wasn't bloated like he had been in the water for almost 30 days at that point. So, So then we have to kind of assume that he was kept somewhere else, which, which would make sense. Like if, if law enforcement did the search, they said if someone knew, okay, they're going to be coming in and searching, so let's make sure there's nothing for them to find. And what we've seen, I mean this is not the first time I've seen this where a body is found in an exact place someone has searched because the perpetrator knows like, hey, they kind of already like checked this area off the map.


So if I put a body here, it's unlikely to be found. Or if it is found, it's probably gonna be a long time. But they weren't counting on the family being so relentless. Right. And, I brought up that he was one of the only people of color at the party because there have been some rumors that maybe a white girl at the party had flirted with Alonzo and he flirted back and some of the guys at the party, you know, didn't like that, took him out, jumped him and and actually killed him. And a lot of members of the Brooks family believe that Alonso was a victim of a hate crime. And even some of them have stated that while at the party he had been, you know, called derogatory terms and had even been told quote he wouldn't make it out alive end quote.


Which again, maybe this was hard for people to believe a few years ago, but in the climate that we're living in now, to me this isn't hard to believe at all. I mean exactly. Literally here in our own state in Bloomington, I don't know If, you have read about this Britt, but I have, I have. Yeah, There, there was a group of white guys who got into it with a person of color and they tried to lynch this person like in 2020. So we can't act like this stuff doesn't happen. Like people don't get mad and stupid and racist and mean And then it didn't happen 16 years ago. You know, if it's happening today, we have to believe and have to know that it was happening 16 years ago, 25 years ago, 40 years ago, 400 years ago.


As of March, 2019, his case was officially closed by the Kansas Bureau of Investigation with a statement that there was no evidence that Alonso was a victim of a crime and there was no reason to continue the investigation, Which is bananas. Because like if you're saying he's not a victim of a crime, then there you need to have like a logical explanation for how he died then, then tell me, tell me exactly how he died. Tell me how he wound up there. If there was no foul play, it's not fair to just say, nah, we don't think so. We're gonna close it because we just have this like feeling. Right. And as far as I could see, his death certificate still says his cause and manner of death are both undetermined. So if they're undetermined, you can't rule anything out, you know, and but the thing is, the FBI is currently offering a $100,000 award for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved with Alonzo's death and have officially federally reopened it.


Thank God. Yeah. So anyone with information is encouraged to call the FBI at 8 1 6 5 1 2 8 2 0 0 or 8 1 6 4 7 4 tips or to even submit online@fbi.tips.gov. And the family also has a Facebook group Justice for Alonzo Brooks. And there's actually an independent filmmaker working with the family on a documentary just about Alonso called The Mysterious Death of Alonzo Brooks. And I will link to both of those in our show notes.


Okay. Ashley, you gave me one of the UFO ones and you know, that is like not my jam. Yeah. I'm all about it though. Yeah. So I, I watched it, I watched it a couple times. It's interesting, but I'm just not, I'm just like such a skeptic about these things. I am very, you Don't, it's real excited About it. I don't know. So this is gonna be quick because again, like I'm not a huge fan or even like convinced about a lot of things when it comes to, I didn't realize you were not a believer. I mean, I I will say like in the past couple of months I have become more accepting of the theories.


So this happened back on September 1st, 1969 in Berkshire County, Massachusetts. And like not just in one area, like across the entire county. Multiple people had potential interactions with UFOs. The episode goes through like a handful of people by a handful. I mean like a lot that I like had to race to write down, you know, some of them are driving and there's like a huge flash of light and then it's gone. One was like a kid who is at a neighbor's house and felt like he needed to go home and he started running home and the neighbor like observed him running in place and then disappearing.


The kid remembers being on a ship with another person from the community. The other person remembers being on the ship but doesn't remember seeing this other kid. I just, I don't know. Well, What I thought was so interesting is of these accounts, it seems like a lot of them involve kids. 'cause if I'm remembering correctly, and, and granted I didn't take notes 'cause this was one of yours, but I, I watched it twice, if I'm remembering correctly. They mentioned something about kids, like multiple kids being on the ship, And, I know that some adults, yeah, had some kind of interactions or at least saw something, but it seemed like it was very, whatever had happened was very focused on kids and like, If, you could bend your mind for a minute and pretend you think aliens are real.


Like what is it about kids that they're like going for? Is it just that they know something about our culture and like we wouldn't believe them? I mean that's kind of like my only explanation is like, or Like maybe their, they know that their minds are more malleable at that age and like they, that's what they want. That's maybe like, yeah, like maybe they're more receptive on top of the fact that like, if they were to experience this and tell someone who would believe them, What are your thoughts on, so again, I want to believe it's real. I kind of believe it's real. What are your thoughts on it being the whole town in on a conspiracy theory? Because one of the things that's, that to me is bananas is that like everyone in 69 just kind of assumed no one would believe them.


So no one talked about it. The newspapers didn't even report on it. It's literally like it never happened. And then like, like could a small town get together and fake something like this? Well, here's the thing. It's actually been like acknowledged as a historical event in this city since, and one of the children, one of the boys who is said to have experienced this phenomenon, like even raised money with other people in the area to erect a monument commemorating the event. It's since been torn down and he's like petitioning the city to like reelect it, but it's still technically on the books as like something that happened in this city as of right now.


Now whether or not the people who lived in this town and like I say city, when they talked about it, it reminded me of the town that I grew up in, which was tiny. Like everyone knew everybody. That's what I'm saying, it reminded me of like a little Stephen King town. Exactly. And like one person even said like, If, you usually got roast beef and got a chicken sandwich the next day. Like people would talk about it like it was very, very small and everyone was connected. I don't know, it's just such a, again, like I'm such a skeptic. I was probably not the right person to like recap this episode because I'm just like very, very excited About it. Oh, I'm so on board. Like I, I either need a big conspiracy and this whole tiny town is in on it to like make their town some kind of like tourist stop or whatever.


But honestly, what I really want to be real is I want this to be real and I'm, I'm so down to believe they got abducted. I just, I I'm, I'm unwilling to believe that we are the only life form out there we had earlier this year. We already talked about it. Like the government was like, hey, yeah, lots of UFOs we see all The time. Well And I was gonna say, I was gonna say the only reason I'm giving this like 14 grains of salt instead of one is because of what like the Department of Defense put out with videos. I can't believe you trust them of all people and like they're the biggest like liars I know, but like this was a reenactment and that was supposed footage. Like I will give them like, and like maybe, maybe it was just a distraction from Coronavirus.


I don't know. But like someone higher up than a couple of people in Massachusetts said this happened. And I don't know. It's just a little bit more confirmation that like it could be possible. I'm not saying it's real. 'cause again, huge skeptic over here, but aliens it might not be fake. Aliens Are totally real. We can move on to the next one. They're real.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms, Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.


Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here, creator and host of the top true crime shows Crime Junkie and The Deck. Now you may be used to hearing my voice every week, but you can now watch some of these stories and more unfold on the Crime Junkie YouTube channel, more true crime content, more best Friend content. You'll find bonus Crime Junkie content plus full episodes of Crime Junkie af and you can even check out our full length episode of the deck because the case I needed you to see is one that you need to truly do more than just listen to. So if video podcasts or something you enjoy or you're looking to add even more Crime Junkie content into your routine, be sure to go check out our channel and subscribe to Crime Junkie podcast on YouTube.


Okay, so the last episode that Netflix released is the Disappearance of Lena Chapin. This one was crazy. Yeah, so it kind of starts out with, you know, her sister stopping by Lena and her boyfriend's house asking where Lena is and her boyfriend's like, oh, like she ran off of someone else and they're in Florida now. And her sister's like, okay, but her son's here. That's weird. All of her stuff is here, all of her pictures. But she was like a huge like picture person. All of that's still here. And she felt immediately not okay because not only was her son still left there, but her son was actually with their mother Sandy.


And at that point, like everyone was sketchy of Sandy and they were sketchy of Sandy because Lena was not the first person to just up and leave or disappear from Sandy's life. Sandy had a husband who disappeared when the girls were younger and Gary was actually the brother of Sandy's second husband Albert. Yeah, it was so funny at the beginning of the series when her daughter was explaining, you know, she liked to go for men. I can't remember what the first thing she said or or the ones that have brothers. And I was like, that's oddly specific. And then we learned why And then she was like, and then she married a brother and then his brother. Yeah. I'm Like, oh gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, Gotcha. Yeah.


And you know, Albert was like this really laid back dad and like So laid back in fact that he couldn't even put away his boob for the, for the interview with Unsolved Mysteries. I'm sorry, I love Albert. I Loved him too. He seemed like the sweetest, the girls loved him but like I, He would, he like reminded me of my papa. Like he reminded me, I would be lying if I said to you that the entire time I was like, that Albert just, but your shirt button your shirt. So Sandy leaves Albert for his brother Gary and Gary has a different kind of stepdad. He's kind of more of a drill sergeant, he's more structured. He's, he probably buttoned his shirt, I don't know, but we don't know. Gary probably bought his shirts but he like had the girls on like cho schedules and made sure that they were like, you know, kind of progressively like improving their life through like different experiences.


If you will. And he would also be kind to them in the way that like If, you complete your chores, we can go get ice cream. Like there is like a, a reward for your hard work. And. I appreciate that honestly seems pretty legit. But less than three years after Sandy married Gary, she starts having an affair with this other guy Chris. He's younger than both Sandy and Gary, he's more well off and Gary is really hurt by this affair and on top of that he finds out that Sandy was actually passing bad checks under his name. Not cool, but then Gary goes missing.


Mm. And he was reported on May 13th, 1999 that he had been missing for a couple of days and you know, law enforcement comes out, they check his place and Sandy and Lena actually show up at that time and you know, law enforcement is like hey this is what we're here for. And Lena was like, oh yeah, like I should probably have reported him missing. They searched the entire house, find zero evidence of Gary even having ever been there. Yeah. He's like been like wiped from his own property basically. Yeah, like there's none of his stuff, none of his clothes, nothing but there is a checkbook that belongs to this Chris guy and he actually moved into the house like days later and law enforcement, you know, asked Sandy to take a polygraph and she's like, you know what If, you find a body, I'll take one.


That Was the thing that stood out to me the most. And like of Course that means there's a body to find Exactly. But of course what we end up learning like later in in the series or in this episode is like she can only be that bold and brazen because she knows there will never be anything found, knows exactly what Is happening. Exactly. And you know, the police interview the kids and everyone is just kinda like, I don't, I don't know except for Lena, she gets really defensive and you know, she even told her sisters like not to talk about things, not to say anything, but one of her sisters Brandy remembers that when they got home from school that day that Gary first went missing, their mom was like, Hey you know, I think, I think the cat had kittens out in the field.


Why don't you go look for them? And they all go out and she was finally like, I have chores to do, I have to get stuff for my chores. She goes in the house and she finds her mom like scrubbing what looks like diluted bleach off the floor and her mom's like, get out, get out, get out. And that's it. But Lena actually told Albert three button Albert that her mom had killed Gary, she had used hast strings, which I would consider like a twine to tie him up in the bedroom. And not only that, that together she and her mom had burned Gary's body and she even says on the recording of the conversation like, what was I supposed to do? And Albert was like, no, I get it. You were just a kid. Like you Were.


Oh I know freaking Albert. He's so sweet. You are taught at a young age to listen to your parents and you that's what you were doing. Like it's not, And and Albert, I think your fault Albert has to realize what a scary person that her mother is. A hundred percent. And who knows And I mean, again, as the series goes on, we learned that this woman would honestly have no qualms with like taking out one of her kids if she felt like they were getting in the way. So I mean I think it's, again, it's Gary's brother, brother who you know, betrayed him slightly. But like I love the compassion that he shows for her in that moment when he's just like, listen you, you had no choice. I, I understand. Right? And Lena was only, you know, 13 when Gary went missing and immediately after Sandy lawyer is up and actually gets Lena to retract her statement.


But you know, she eventually tells her sister Brandi everything about how Sandy killed Gary and Brandi even brought it up to Sandy and was like, Hey, what's going on? And Sandy and Chris, her new husband, you know, take Brandi out in the middle of the field and threaten her life because of, you know, what she quote unquote claims to know about this. For me this was one of the most like gut wrenching points in any of the episodes that I saw when Brandi is literally talking about how her mother, her own mother who she earlier told stories about her putting her to bed every night and being there every day is driving her out to a field where presumably her boyfriend is going to shoot her daughter.


I mean I, and when she talks about like getting in the car and just like the only thing I could think to do was just to hold onto her because he can't kill herself. 'cause being close to her was the only thing that would save my life. And it wasn't immediate. She even says like I Oh my God, Clung to my mother for I minutes. I Have no before She said don't shoot her. I have no idea like how Brandi went on like, because again they go home together and she knows from then on her mom is willing to kill her. Like how do you not walk on eggshells? How do you live in that environment and grow up normal, whatever normal is, I just wanted to like reach out and hug Brandi. I physically like cannot even comprehend what that has to do to a person As if that wasn't like as jarring and as evident as we could find for the potential guilt of Sandy.


At one point in time, another one of Lena's sisters, Robin was posting missing persons flyers around town. Yes. And it was later found out that Sandy, their mother was paying a younger sister like it was five A poster. Yeah. Five Poster To take them down. I Couldn't like What kind of mother, What's so interesting is I, I felt like I knew nothing about this case coming in but something about that resonated with me. So I don't know if I heard that in another story or if I had heard this story in passing at another time, but I think that is so bananas and so outlandish. Like also if she's missing and you did something If, you got rid of her in a way, Wouldn't you want to just keep the missing posters out there so people are looking for quote unquote her when you know where she is already and Even if she doesn't know where she is, like it also, it's just a bad look all around.


Like what does the missing person's posters have to do? The only way a missing person poster works is if the person is actually walking around and someone's going to spot them. If that's not the case with Lena, Why, what's the point of taking them down? Yeah. Other Than like, other than like a power move, right? Right. So there was eventually a civil suit heard in the wrongful death of Gary against Sandy and Chris, but the taped confession that Lena gave wasn't admissible at all. And the sisters as well as law enforcement truly believed that Lena was aware of what happened to Gary and had maybe even helped Sandy and Le would not only put her mother in prison for the murder, but Sandy was also obsessed with Lena's son Coulter.


And once Lena was missing, she petitioned the courts to grant custody of Coulter to herself because Lena had abandoned him. And the courts were like, well you know, she's not here to defend herself. So Sounds about right. Which Is so bananas. I mean it is, as someone who has worked in and around family law, it's not crazy but in this case it seems completely outlandish. Sandy and Chris were found guilty of wrongful death in civil court in order to pay $7 million to Gary's daughters. But there have never been any charges in the disappearance of Lena and based on the documentary, Lena's sisters seem to be completely estranged from their mother and continue to seek answers and justice or anything on the disappearance of their sister.


And they even conducted searches on the property where Sandy and Chris lived when Lena went missing. But they've never found anything even using like ground penetrating radar with zero luck. Sandy and Chris have divorced back in 2014 and she's remarried now, but she still has custody of Coulter Lena's son and from what I could tell researching, there are no updates on Lena's disappearance or whereabouts. Yeah, this is one of those crazy cases that I think that I, I pray that Unsolved Mysteries brings a ton of attention to because I, I just can't believe that the case stands where it does it.


It seems like there's so much, it seems like it's so clear. It's one of those cases where like we have a recording of somebody who's saying exactly what happened but like because of, you know, legal loopholes we're not allowed to use it. It's, it's just all so unfortunate And I hope that this case really does get the attention it deserves. 'cause I, again, I don't think I had any clue about this case before Unsolved Mysteries, right? And hopefully this puts a little bit of pressure on to, to get things moving in the case again because I mean they ended on such a strong No I feel like they really book ended this series with two cases that were just so unbelievable. Definitely And I'm, I'm really excited to see, you know, there was supposed to be 12 episodes and what I heard is they broke it into two segments.


So we should be getting episodes seven through 12 someday TBD And something that was at the end of every episode, which I'm sure you noticed Ashley was if anyone has any information on any of these cases they usually post something specific to the case. But you can also go to unsolved.com and submit your information there And hopefully we'll be back with more review stuff. If. you guys like it when the next episodes drop and we'll see you then.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production so what do you think Chuck? Do you approve? Oh you guys podcasters worst nightmare. We just recorded one of our longest episodes ever. It's like two hours of our recap of the second half of Unsolved Mysteries And. I found out that my audio was totally wonky. I have no idea what happened. The ghosts, the tsunami ghost that Britt talks about in this episode might have taken over my computer. I feel terrible. We're trying to make it the best we can.


I was gonna rerecord, I pulled the fan club and said listen, do you guys want the content now as is it is not up to my standards and I'm so sorry or do you wanna wait a couple of weeks and we can rerecord? And the majority of you were so sweet, so kind and said no we like don't wanna make you do additional hours of work, we just want the content. We just wanna hear you and Britt, I love you guys for that. Thank you for being so supportive. We have tried to clean it up the best we can so it's still listenable. I promise I will like triple, double, quadruple check my audio in the future. Thank you for being understanding. This is just an extra, it's not your full length episode that you guys pay for.


So I hope you like the extra content. We're a little delayed in Unsolved Mysteries but thank you for being gracious. Thank you for being kind and sticking with us and supporting us. And I will keep bringing you extra content. And I will keep making sure that it's like actually recorded properly because that's my full-time job. Thank you guys. Hi Crime junkies, I'm Ashley Flowers and I'm m Britt and this is super delayed but we've been very busy. I mean we were making new episodes for like every other week, right? Yes. Yeah. Constantly making new content. But that doesn't mean we don't wanna give you what you asked for even though it came out a while ago. We're back with the second installment of Unsolved Mysteries and honestly I needed a minute to break these down because the ones that I have for I don't know about, we always split 'em in half the ones that I have.


I swear like Netflix didn't even cover half of like the actual stuff. Oh wow. Yeah. So let's dive in and break down the last six episodes of the new installment of Unsolved Mysteries.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.


Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here creator and host of the top true crime shows Crime Junkie and The Deck. Now you may be used to hearing my voice every week, but you can now watch some of these stories and more unfold on the Crime Junkie YouTube channel, more true crime content, more best friend content. You'll find bonus Crime Junkie content plus full episodes of Crime Junkie af and you can even check out a full length episode of the deck because the case I needed you to see is one that you need to truly do more than just listen to. So if video podcasts are something you enjoy or you're looking to add even more Crime Junkie content into your routine, be sure to go check out our channel and subscribe to Crime Junkie podcast on YouTube.


Alright Britt, so let's dive in. The first episode was about John Wheeler who everyone called Jack. This dude was super smart, we're talking all of the Ivy League schools. He actually helped set up the Vietnam Memorial and he worked like really high up in government, like for the Bush administration, dude was connected and in 2010 when the story takes place, he was actually working in intelligence and national security for this like private firm quote unquote part-time. But anyone who knows a guy like that knows like there is no such thing as part-time, Right? Like you yeah They'll never be part-time. So Christmas rolls around and it's a normal Christmas.


Like everyone says he's happy, like the family has a great time together, they all come together even though he travels a lot for work. Now he was supposed to spend the few days after Christmas with his family, his wife said this was our time to like really see each other. We catch up on all the movies we haven't watched all year. This was our time. But a couple days after Christmas he tells his wife I have to go into work like something really important is what he said. It's all he would say to her. And he says that, you know, for a couple days he's gonna actually stay in downtown like Washington DC but the thing is he doesn't quite do what he says he's gonna do and no one can really piece together why he makes the decisions he does or where exactly he goes after this.


So on December 28th he takes the Amtrak to Washington, like the whole time he's like emailing from his phone, you know the Netflix documentary. They're like the guy was glued to it. Like it's so easy to track him like He's working the entire time and we can see that, Right? And a lot of the emails he was sending was actually to his wife because they were fighting this got left outta the Netflix documentary but I don't think it's necessarily, you know, I don't think she did something to him, which might be why they left it out. But they were fighting about him like leaving their family time and going into work. Yeah He like completely interrupted their like staycation, right? So he's like emailing her to try and, and and make up for all of this or whatever, try and make things better, smooth things over.


So we know he makes it to DC But the thing is, instead of staying downtown, like he said he was going to, we know that by seven 30 he is actually in Delaware where they have a second home. So his wife's in New York, that's where they spent Christmas, he goes to DC for work and then he goes back to Delaware at their second home. But his wife had no idea that that was the plan. Now the Washington Post says that he makes some calls to a cab company in Wilmington, which is like near the town where he lived. But like there's not a lot of details around, you know, why he's in Wilmington when he goes to Wilmington if he end up getting a cab.


Like this is the fuzzy pieces that are hard for me to put together. But what we do know is that 11:30 PM that night, the house across the street from Jacks, this was like in construction just being put up. Someone sets a smoke bomb off If, you read news articles, there's even talk of someone saying that potentially they were actually trying to set it on fire but everything in Netflix and a couple of other places says at least it's like smoke bombs. No one knows that night where Jack is but he's not like reported missing. You know his wife can't really get ahold of him but nothing concerning at this point but it's just Right, right. Interesting to make note that I think in the documentary they make it seem like he was for sure at his Delaware home across the street from this.


but we don't actually know that for sure The next day, so this is the 29th at 8 45 in the morning he gets a cab to Wilmington, Delaware and he asks the cabbie to stay at this place called Hotel DuPont or or take him to Hotel DuPont but he wasn't planning on staying there. It sounded kind of like maybe he was gonna meet someone there, but no one really knows why. Again, this was another thing that was like left out of the documentary was this like early morning trip. Now at nine 30 we know he emails his work and it's interesting because he doesn't have his phone at this point. If he took the cab to Wilmington, I don't know if he's making this email from Wilmington again, the Netflix documentary made it seem like he was doing it from his home.


But everything that I found, we don't actually know where he's sending these emails from but the emails are to his private company that he works for saying that he had a home break in the night before, lost his cell phone, lost his security badge that like gets him in and outta work, lost his key fob and lost his briefcase. But interestingly what they do make note of in the documentary is that he doesn't like tell police there's a break in. He doesn't report anything missing and he doesn't even mention it to his wife, Which is super weird. Which Is super weird. Now something I found in my research is that apparently he also emailed his therapist saying that he felt quote dazed boxed in a corner end quote after his fight with his wife.


Now there are fewer emails this day and that's because we find out later that he doesn't have his cell phone with him. The cell phone is actually found at the house where the smoke bombs went off. Now again, they like aren't connecting all these pieces like at the time but when when people go to the house like make sure everything's cleared, nothing's on fire, the house is okay, they find this cell phone sitting right outside and we learn later that that's Jack's cell phone. So that's why he doesn't have it. So as you know I have a million questions but do we think that he was maybe lying about the break in because he had lost his phone at some point?


Maybe So I think everyone wants to say yes like, like he knew he left his phone if he was the one that did the smoke bombs, which even his wife, like a lot of people think that it was him once he realized he lost his phone, he was like staging this whole thing. The problem is If, you watched the documentary, none of that stuff ends up getting found. It's not in his house, it's not in any of his houses, it's not in his car. So he said he had lost his briefcase security badge, key fob and phone. The phone is found across the street but none of the other items are found at all. Yeah and he has like again a really high up job in security and, and his firm works with like the DOJ, you know national defense.


Like These are important things to have not only on your person but like make sure they don't get into anybody else's hands. Yeah. So we don't know a lot about what else happens that day. Again, he, we don't have him with his phone to track him, but we do know that by 6:00 PM he walks into this local pharmacy by his home. Now they don't say if he walks there, did he get a cab? I don't know that we actually know but he walks in and talks to the pharmacist who is like the guy who normally fills his prescription. So they're like acquaintances and he asks him, can you give me a ride to Wilmington? So he wants to go back to Wilmington where we didn't know in the documentary, but If you research outside of this.


We know he was that morning. Now the pharmacist is obviously like I can't dude, like I'm in the middle of working literally At work. Yeah, right. But he offers to give him money for a cab and he says no I don't need money. Like I have my own money. So then why ask the pharmacist for a ride? That's a great question. Now the documentary on Netflix says that he did find someone in the pharmacy to give him a ride and they actually show some security footage of him like walking out with what looks like a younger man. I searched high and low. Of course you did. To figure out who he left it because I think that person holds so much of the answers, right?


Because the thing about this case that everyone points out is even at the pharmacy, even though like you know, he's missing his phone, some weird stuff's going on when he is at the pharmacy, he's walking normal. The guy he talks to says he's talking normal, he's coherent. There's no like erratic behavior or anything that would cause anybody Yeah. Any sort of concern. Yeah. But then 40 minutes later after he's done with this ride with this stranger, he shows up in a parking garage on their surveillance footage, like completely disheveled. He's holding one of his shoes. He has no winter coat, which he didn't have before but it's like freezing and snowing outside and He's not wearing one of his shoes. Yeah. Holding one of his shoes and one and the, what I read is that one of the shoes is like broken.


So what on earth happened in that 40 Minutes between point A and point B, right? Yes. So he's like going around in the parking garage looking for his car is what it is that he he needed to get right. And the people, the attendants are asking him like, well where's your parking ticket? 'cause he couldn't find his car and that's when he tells the attendant, well my briefcase was stolen, it's in there. And what it turns out is his car isn't even in the parking garage at all. It's like in a completely different one. So he's just like mixed up. Yeah but it's worth noting though because at first I heard that and I'm like, oh this is like super bizarre. But everyone on the documentary, like everyone in his family said that it was actually super normal for this to happen.


He was terrible with directions and he was actually known for like going to work in his car and coming home in a cab 'cause he forgot where he parked. So I feel like that's very me. So I I I'm like sympathizing. Yeah. So even though it's weird that you know the shoe steps going on and you know he does have his coat, But the actual interaction and situation of like him being in like the completely different garage is not outta the realm of possibility. Yeah. I don't think that necessarily is a sign that he like had some kind of mental break. But it is worth noting that something they talk about over and over in the documentary is that Jack was diagnosed as bipolar. He'd been on medication for a long time, usually his wife said he was pretty good about taking his medication when she saw him.


She didn't feel like he was on, you know, the brink of anything. But it, it's worth noting right? Because even though nothing happened in front of her, what everyone wonders is did he have some kind of episode that led to this strange behavior because from the parking garage his behavior gets even weirder. Well and you kind of wonder like I never ever want to blame a victim's family obviously, but like could the stress of like him having to go into work and upsetting his wife trigger something? Yeah, no And I don't think that's blaming them but I, I think that's just how we all react to different stressors. Yeah. Like he had the, like we know that he's coming off this really relaxing like holiday and then this surprise work thing possibly happened and he has to disrupt that and it's a change of his routine.


It's a change of his plans. He's upset his wife now. I mean like you said, he even reached out to his therapist so we know his emotions aren't a heightened place, you know? Right. So I, I think it's totally possible that he was in some kind of state, but if it was as simple as that, this wouldn't be an unsolved mysteries episode. Right. So from the parking garage he disappears for a little bit and then he reappears in this building in downtown Wilmington where he was trying to go. So he got there somehow and on Netflix they think that maybe they found a guy who gave him, or like a cab driver who gave him a ride. Like I think they said in the documentary he like heard that someone else was going there and he like jumped in the car with them.


Which when I first heard that to me was like again thinking maybe he's like in some kind of episode I was like, oh maybe he just heard someone was going anywhere and went there and Was like, I'm gonna go. Yeah, No, but no. Yeah, knowing he was there earlier in the day makes it seem even more deliberate. Like it wasn't just, I'm gonna get in a car and go anywhere that isn't here. He wanted to go there, Go back almost. Right. So he goes to this downtown building and in the Netflix documentary they tell you he kind of like roams around. He probably slept in there but there's more information in the Washington Post. Apparently he's asking people how to get to Philly or ways he can get to Philly. He tries to speak to a managing partner at a law firm but before they can actually like get him in with the guy he just like leaves and then he's requesting train fare from people.


but we know he has money or At least had money because he told the pharmacist Well and here's the thing, he ends up being found later with his money. So I know he still had his money. So he spends like literally overnight in this building in like the basement tunnels of this building. At some point he trades his suit jacket for a black hoodie it looks like on camera. I don't know where he got it. Dunno where his suit jacket went. Dunno if that ever got answered. And at some point the next day he leaves, we see him walking east toward historic Rodney Square, which as I kept researching, I found out it actually was like a really dangerous small city, like a dangerous area.


So he's like walking in that direction and then we just never see him again. And the next thing we know a day later, so this is like the 30th that he walks away the 31st, he shows up in a landfill in the same clothes we last saw him on. The problem is he is like beaten up but beaten to death. Not just like had a heart attack and died there. but he though he did have a heart attack on his autopsy as well, but I think probably as a result of the beating that he took, he had like broken ribs. His face was destroyed. The thing about this is, you know when they, when people first saw this, they're like, oh this is some kind of mob hit, this is connected to his work or something like that.


But they couldn't find any connections. Then they were like, oh this is a mugging gone bad. He had an episode, he ended up somewhere bad and someone took advantage of that problem is, this is where he said they find his money on him. He was wearing a Rolex and his West point class ring. Like there's no motive for a mobbing or a robbing. If he has all this stuff still on him, it Does not make sense. And when they look at his body, they rule it a homicide by blunt force trauma. And of course, you know a lot of people are asking, well you know if if he's in the landfill, maybe he was in, you know, the truck from the dumpster and he could have gotten all these bruises that way.


Which was my initial thought like maybe it's just like, you know, he was in the dumpster and got put into a compactor or something and then went to the landfill. Like maybe these are posthumous but no, ruling it as a homicide means that they aren't Right. Everyone like concludes there. It's not even like this is something that people argue about, right? Like I think we've seen that in cases before where you've got one side saying one thing, one side saying another multiple autopsies. Everyone's on the same page. Everyone says there is no way he could have gotten his injuries from being either in the dumpster or in the truck or dropped in the landfill. He was dead and then dropped in the landfill.


So who would've wanted to kill him? How does that line up with the psychotic episode he had? Or maybe he didn't have one at all. Why didn't they take the stuff that was on him? There's so many questions and they actually tracked down the dumpster that he was like found. I mean it was a miracle how they did it. Like they, they were swabbing all these dumpsters for DNA. They tracked the truck and they found the one that he was in and and you know, it sits super low. Like he could have crawled in himself if he wanted to, but no one can figure out why he would've wanted to. So did someone put him in there Right? And with his injuries, like was he unconscious and someone thought that he was dead or close to death and dumped him there or or like you said like did he crawl in there by himself?


It's so Strange. Yeah, Now it gets stranger because when they find his body, police learn who he is and of course they call the police where he lives in Delaware to say, Hey you know we have a homicide and and you know they're, they live in your town and they say super strange that you're calling us, we are going to that guy's house right now because someone reported a burglary. So meanwhile like in his home, now mind you, this is the home that's across the street from the one that got smoke bombed The second home in Delaware. Yeah. So his neighbor had like come over and this is when you know Jack's like roaming around. So this is all happening kind of at the same time neighbor walks by and sees that his window's open and they're all like friendly.


So he wants to like go in and let him know. Well his back door is kind of like a jar and when he walks into the kitchen there's stuff everywhere. There's like broken stuff in the sink, there's spices everywhere, there's comet all over the floor, his west point sword, there's footprints all in the comet. And so this guy reports that something must be going on. His jack's not there, it looks like there's been some kind of disturbance. So they're investigating this and then you have to kind of go back and wonder, so is what's going on at his house? Was there a burglary or did he have some kind of episode And I think like, Right Or was it him in the state of not control? You know, I Think him having bipolar feels like the easy cop out for this.


You know, anything we can explain, we just point to that but it doesn't add up for me. Yeah, there's still a lot of things that just don't quite align with it enough for it to be like the end all be all. Yeah, I mean I think that he was definitely in that home on the 28th because everyone, even his wife believes that he's the one that set the smoke bombs off. He did not want those people building the house. They were in this big legal dispute. He had even purchased like black clothes and a ski mask like right before they found a receipt for it. So they think that it was planned. We know his phone is found outside of there in the Netflix documentary. They suggest, you know, maybe he realized he dropped his phone and he had some kind of like freak out and that led to some kind of break.


But again, I, I think that the mental break is like an easy thing to fall back on because just the pattern of events after that doesn't make sense. So say he has a break, tell me how he ends up murdered by a stranger who doesn't take anything. Is he hit by a car? And if he was like how did he get into the dumpster again? Like even that is Oh yeah, great point. Yeah someone would've had to put him in there Or he wasn't dead yet and he crawled there to die. Die or for safety, It's just, there's something missing. It's Another question like every time you come up with a solution, every time you think of like, oh I bet it was something like this. Five more questions pop up.


Yeah this is one of those cases where nothing fits a hundred percent. I feel like we have a lot of unsolved cases that we talk about, but in most of them I can say like this scenario, like everything fits. We can't prove it but it makes sense in this case. I can't think of a single scenario that explains everything that we have and that we've seen. I don't know how you solve a case like this with evidence that we have And. I also found out like this is such an aside, And I don't know how it fits in. But apparently in the weeks or so months or so before he ended up dead, he was convinced that there was like very serious political corruption in Delaware and he was like having his friend teach him how to do some hacking.


And so there are rumors online like did that have something to do with what happened? Was this a hit? But if it was a hit, again all the roaming around doesn't make sense to me. Yeah, yeah. It's almost like, especially in this case of all these episodes, in my opinion, it's like we have a puzzle in front of us but the pieces are from different puzzles. Yeah, exactly. So like you could make three different puzzles with this, but you don't know which one you're working on. And so all the pieces are in play. So yeah, this one literally had me pulling out my hair, it's gonna keep me up at night. Unsolved mysteries.


So the next episode that was released was death in Oslo. And this one doesn't have so many rabbit holes as the other one that got left out. But there are okay, But it's still fascinating. It's fascinating and there are definitely things that got left out. So quick recap, 1995 in Oslo, this woman calls this super high-end motel and registers for a room under Jennifer and Louis Fairgate. So two people, she shows up, some say she shows up alone, some say she shows up with a man. But if there was a man with her, there isn't like no one sees this guy again. Like who knows where he went or if he ever really was there.


I tend to believe he was, if we have the name and, and someone saw him. But it's strange now what's even stranger is riddle me this, how do you check into a super high-end motel where they don't ask for ID and they don't ask for any form of payment, but they just give you a room because that's what happened here. I literally cannot comprehend this 'cause it makes zero sense to me like in any capacity. Like okay, maybe some shady place on the wrong side of town. Okay. But I Feel like shady places are like want their money up front more than anyone. But like okay, maybe skip the ID there, whatever. But like a highend place, you're spending a decent amount of cash on it.


You are gonna want some collateral. You gonna want the person's name at least a down payment, maybe not the full thing. Like you know, like you check in, they're like, we're gonna put a deposit on here just in case you break something or whatever. But nothing, yeah, this Isn't like 1924 where it's like a handshake in a man's word. Like it's 1995. So whatever the reason, they don't take any form of payment. At some point, couple of days later they realize that they need to get payment. So they send a security officer up to the room, knocks on the door and he hears this gunshot. So he runs down to let other people know.


They call police, they come up like 15 minutes later to look in and they see a woman on the bed in the dark. And when they go in she has a gunshot wound to her head. Now looking at it, it seems like a pretty straightforward case of suicide, but no ma'am, here are all of the fishy things. So nowhere in the room anywhere here? No Id, no purse, no toiletries, except I did find online that there was one bottle of men's cologne in the bathroom, but it had her prints on it, Which doesn't matter anyway.


Like that's confusing. It is. And it, it had her prints on it. So what do you do with that? There are some clothes in there, but they're only like shirts and jackets. There are basically, it's like nothing for the bottom half. No underwear, no pants, nothing. And any piece of clothing that was in there had no tags. Like they were like ripped out. Right. They Were like cut out. Yeah. Yeah. More than anything. When you really look closely at the body itself, that's where things start to get really strange because the way the gun was positioned. So if you're thinking about holding a gun, your pointer finger is usually like on the trigger.


Even If you were to hold it to yourself, but the way that she was holding it was her thumb on the trigger. And so basically all the experts were saying that with the recoil it would've like flown out of her hand almost when, when the trigger was pulled. Yeah. So I'm actually like imagining this in with like my eyes closed in my hand up right now. Like, like the recoil would almost cause you to throw the gun. Yeah, but it's found like sitting on her lap, like she's holding it the way that they think she potentially could have shot herself with the thumb still on the trigger on her stomach. And more than anything else, there's no blood on her hands.


There is blood spatter all over this room. There isn't a single bruise, there's no soot, not a speck of blood on the hand that she supposedly held the gun with. How does that happen? It can't. Yeah, it Doesn't happen. The other thing that they made note of was that she had this briefcase and the only thing in the briefcase were like all of these bullets. So if you're coming to this place with the intention of taking your own life, you don't need a suitcase full of bullets to do that. Right. You pack one. Yeah, It doesn't make sense. Now I wanna say they do everything they can to ID this woman, but I don't think that that's true.


They do run her fingerprints even through inter pool thinking maybe she's a spy because of the like cutout tags or whatever. They try and track down her family by like going to the address that she gave when she registered for the motel room. But of course it doesn't even exist. But the thing that I don't know if they did was checking the GD security cameras, which they had at the time. So like who was she with? Was there a Lewis? Was anyone else strange moving about? Well And I assume they tracked down her name. Did it go anywhere? Oh no, of course not. So it was a fake, yeah, fake name. She even like spelled it differently when she would sign it. So I don't even know what to make of that, but that's super strange.


So even if there was a Lewis, his name likely wasn't Lewis. No way. And this is the other thing they didn't do, or at least there's no like answers on the internet of what? Of what came of it. They didn't seem to get any kind of answer from the hotel of why they did not make her show ID or give any form of payment. I don't know how, this is still a mystery this many years later. Like who checked her in? Why didn't they take it? Can we just solve that little mystery? I Say, I guess my question is like, was it that hotel's protocol to do this? And they just didn't. One time. Like I, which again, like you said, there's no answers. This is unsolved mysteries. We understand that. But if it's not protocol, it's not protocol. Okay. Whatever. Weird, but whatever It was protocol though, like Yeah, exactly.


Like how is that not protocol. So, so anyone can just walk in and say like, I'll take that room, pay you later. Yeah. It doesn't make any sense. Especially for, again, a high end place where you're wanting your guests to be comfortable and secure and confident in your ability to take care of, of them. Now here's something that I found that was not in the documentary that I think is uber important. So there is this guy, obviously they talked to, apparently not the hotel people, but they talked to the people who were like on her floor at least. And there was this guy who was in the room right across from hers and no one knows a lot about this guy. I, I haven't even been able to find his name online.


But here's something when police are interviewing him, as they're talking to everyone on the floor, he says that on the morning of the third when he's checking out the attendant at the hotel tells him that there's been a death that this woman has taken her own life or whatever. So that's how he tells police that he heard about it. Problem is he checked out in the morning. She wasn't actually found until the evening. So how did they know? Right? Well it's how did they know but who, who is the they? So did the hotel staff really tell him that? And then again, they didn't take the id, they didn't take the money that's looking really fishy And someone at the hotel already knew a woman would be found dead or did this man know that there was a woman?


And as he's talking to police, He's just like, well, the last time I was at the hotel, this is what they told me. Yeah. Not realizing it would kind of put him on one side of or the other of things. Yeah. He's making up a story about this death that maybe he knows about for different reasons and, and saying that someone told him, but not knowing that his story doesn't add up. Now looking at what records I could find, his hotel room was right across from hers. Now one thing they brought up in the documentary was that if there was someone else in her room, they would've only had 15 minutes to get out of there before security came back up and went in. If his room was across the hall, say he was in her room, I think it'd be really easy to quickly get back there.


Yeah. And I mean you can literally look through the people and see when someone's gone and just like right across. Yeah, I mean you And I have had hotel rooms across the hall from each other. It's like 15 seconds tops. Right. And here's the thing. I lean a little more towards this man knowing more rather than the hotel staff, because there's one other thing. She ordered room service the day before she died. Oh. And it wasn't like touched, Right? Well, no. So her stomach contents showed undigested food, which means that she had to have died shortly after eating this meal. Oh yeah. Not a full day later.


So here's the problem too, and maybe not, maybe I go back to thinking someone at the hotel's involved because how are we supposed to believe the security guard story? So if if she orders the food the day before, if she dies the day before and, and this man somehow knows she died the day before, How is there a gunshot? 15 minutes before she's found right Now? There is something that could explain it. There. There was actually a second shot. Apparently someone had shot like through the pillow, through the mattress and like flipped the pillow over. So whether she did that or someone else did that, it was done before she was shot. I mean I guess if she had done that, it was done before she was shot. If it was someone else, maybe they shot her the day before.


It Could be whenever, right? Yeah. But then did they, they sh make the noise and make like do the shot so that people would find her. 'cause people weren't finding her fast enough. The guy had already checked out at that point. I literally am spinning in circles now. There were a couple of other things that were found in her room that can't be explained. There was a newspaper that was actually addressed to a different room. Like not the guy across the hall, but one like way down the hall. Like She picked it up while she was walking by or something. Well, but Not her. 'cause her fingerprints weren't on it. There was an unknown fingerprint on it that they still to this day have never been able to identify. And there was also apparently an extra comforter in her room, Which I assume is not protocol for the hotel.


No, but Here's my question. This is where I'm like the most like basic things I feel like could have solved this case or at least like helped solve this case earlier. Here's a question. What room was missing? A comforter? Yeah. Or like was there any sort of request from that room number for an extra comforter? Because like, you know, like there's a pullout bed, you want an extra comforter, whatever you would have to ask for that or extra towels or whatever. Yeah, It's just so messy. And again, all this stuff I found about the undigested food, I think that's what I spiraled on the most. And this guy that maybe knew about her murder beforehand, to me everything points to her being murdered and being murdered a full day before she was found.


What that means, I have no idea. I they say that like within the last couple of years that they're running this fingerprint through inter pool. But with all the advancements we have in DNA and genealogy, to me that's the thing like yeah, for Sure. Let's figure out who she is already.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms, Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.


Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here, creator and host of the top true crime shows Crime Junkie and the Deck. Now you may be used to hearing my voice every week, but you can now watch some of these stories and more unfold on the Crime Junkie YouTube channel, more true crime content, more best friend content. You'll find bonus Crime Junkie content plus full episodes of Crime Junkie af. And you can even check out our full length episode of the deck because the case I needed you to see is one that you need to truly do more than just listen to. So if video podcasts are something you enjoy or you're looking to add even more Crime Junkie content into your routine, be sure to go check out our channel and subscribe to Crime Junkie podcast on YouTube.


Okay, Ashley, this one, I honestly just can't understand the premise of how it starts. It's it, I, I can't, it's called episode is called Death Row Fugitive. So basically this guy Lester Eubanks, he's 22 years old when he really, truly viciously murders a 14-year-old girl If, you guys wanna watch episode, it's great. But the murder itself is described kind of in detail and I'm not gonna go into it. Even the FBI agent who was reading the statement that Lester made when he confessed to the murder said, I can't finish this, I'm not doing this. She was shot twice and didn't die right away and he came back to finish it. It is just brutal and completely random as well.


He basically just saw her walking down the street going from one laundromat to another to get change. Oh my god, it's horrific. Isn't that the most terrifying? It Really is. Like she and her sister, their dryer broke, they go to this laundromat to finish it. It's right next door to their grandma's house. Oh, they ran outta change. She's like, well I'll just go to the next laundromat over and get change. And in like the five minute walk from one laundromat to another, this guy attacks her. She screams like he tries to sexually assault her. He was out on bail for a previous sexual assault charge. He had a prior, before that one she screams, he shoots her, gets ready to go dancing like a monster.


And when he comes back out he's like, oh, she's not dead yet. And again like kills her with a brick. We're done talking about this. It's horrific. Mary Ellen Diener deserved 1000 times better in a very full life and he took that from her. They kind of narrow it down to him. He gets called in, he is questioned, he confesses right away like Oh yeah, definitely I killed her. The thing is I shot her, she didn't die. So I then went back and and actually killed her and he goes to trial, gets sentenced to death. But here's the thing, in like the 20 years since the crime to like when things kind of start going unsolved mysteries Ohio abolishes the death penalty.


So his death sentence is now a life sentence. Okay. Which is okay sure. And I don't know if this is a thing. I've never heard of it before this episode. Ashley correct me. If, you know better. Have you ever heard of like very violent criminals being allowed to go on furlough to go Christmas shopping? No. Like I've heard of day parole, but usually that's tied to some kind of like work, work Release work release. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. When I saw that he was just like, again, somebody who you thought was bad enough to sentence to death, even if we're gonna take away the death penalty, I don't think that that just taking away the death penalty means you get to go Christmas shopping at the mall. Yeah. And like obviously this is 73, it is a very, very different time.


But not only was he allowed to go Christmas shopping, they weren't even like required to stay together. Like I've seen people who are incarcerated who are part of work release programs where they, you know, help tear down a festival or help clean up a park or whatever. And they're always with a group and identified as incarcerated people, whatever they're like in plain clothes, unsupervised shopping like it's you or me in 1973. I just, I can't, I don't understand it. I do not understand it. So again, they aren't required to stay in a group. They aren't required to have supervision this entire time. I Feel like when I went to the mall with my mom, I had like more supervision and requirements than this guy does.


Oh some of my siblings were on leashes and so he goes off to go shopping and they have an agreed upon place in time where they're all going to meet back together in a couple of hours and go back to prison. Sure. And that place is arrived at by everyone that time is arrived at by everyone. Everyone except for Lester Eubanks. He is just gone. And at this point, like when I'm watching this, I was like, well what do you mean he's go like, did he leave a half an hour ago? Did he leave three hours ago? Because that's the window that we're kind of looking at. Like you have no idea how far to the wind this guy could be at this point because you haven't been watching him since you had dropped him off because You just let him go wherever he wanted without any su like I cannot understand how this happened.


N neither can I And I. Like it just, again, the whole premise of the story just baffles me because I mean he's in plain clothes, he's unsupervised in a public place and on top of that, like after he goes missing, he goes on the run, he's not missing, he's on the run. They go back to like, oh like I wonder who he was talking to like in the days and weeks leading up to this, his visitor roster in prison is massive. Like family members, acquaintances, there's tons of people. So they're thinking, you know, did someone help him? Was there an assist? Was he already planning this with someone? But the list is so long they can't even really pinpoint anyone.


Also like who has that many friends? I don't have that many friends. And I. I have Like seven and half of them are actually, all of them are audio truck employees. I like who's that? Cool. How many, how can that many people be friends with such a monster? Yeah, I just, I, I, yeah. So police think that you know, someone on his visitor roster must have helped him because there's no way this guy could just like disappear from a mall. And I'm like, well If, you leave him alone for three hours maybe. Yeah. So there's a local warrant that goes out and the FBI also get involved and they issue a national warrant, which means that if he interacts with any law enforcement in any sort of routine, stop that, it'll be flagged.


Now again, this is the seventies so like it'll be flagged in like three days in my opinion. Right. So that's it. 73, he's gone. No one hears from him. No one knows where he is 20 years later. Mm. An officer in Ohio, which is where he was incarcerated and where the crime happened, he's a captain now and he's like, I wonder if this guy was ever caught And they just never told us. 'cause like we had a local warrant out but it's the FBI like they're hot shots. Right? Maybe they just were like Ohio doesn't need to know yet. Yeah. And so he like pulls it up and the FBI warrant wasn't there stop. It's been so long since I watched this one. I didn't remember. Yeah. So when the FBI is interviewed in the documentary, they're like the only thing we can chalk it up to is a clerical error.


There's no reason for this to have ever happened. We don't know where the warrant went but the captain in Ohio is like, we don't know when this even happened. Yes, people were looking for him early on but we don't know when they stopped because the warrant wasn't there A clerical error he could have been pulled over every other month in his car for all we know. And it's never raised any red flags because the FBI warrant the national warrant that goes to the entire United States. Oh my goodness. Was possibly not in effect. Like yes it could have been deleted a week before the captain went looking for it. Highly unlikely. It also could have been deleted a week after it was issued. We have no idea how long this warrant was completely inactive.


So he like calls the FBI and he's like this is an issue, can you prove that this guy is anywhere else? And they're like, Nope, he's nowhere. So the FBI warrant gets reissued and a year later a woman comes forward and she's like, I was actually married to this guy's cousin and this guy lived with us. Oh my gosh. So she had married this guy's cousin, he had gotten killed and she had started like corresponding with Lester Eubanks when he was in prison. Pen paling writing back and forth. They didn't really go into like what those conversations were, but she had built this relationship with him and he ended up, when he first escaped going up to Michigan and hiding out for a while to see like, well like it's a stay over.


Like if they're gonna find me soon they'll find me here. He works some odd jobs, paints houses and gets up enough money to take a bus to California to meet up with this woman. And on his way as they're crossing into California, the bus that he's on gets stopped by police officers and he's like, this is it. Like they, oh I remember this. Yes they figured it out. They know I'm here the like the jig is up, we're done. And the police officers go through the bus, they go through every seat, they come to him and they turn around and leave. The police officers were looking for illegal fruits and vegetables going into the states and not a convicted child murderer who was on the loose Unreal.


And so like he thought he was gonna get caught and then he lives, you know, in California with his woman for a few years and then kind of disappears again just again to the wind. Like it's, it's like he just in thin air poof gone. And at this point like the investigation is kind of ramping up. People are still looking for him especially because God knows how long they haven't been looking for him and they eventually get to round to his dad who is like his only living relative left and you know the FBI come by and his dad's like, I'll tell you anything you want but we aren't talking about Leicester. Which is the only reason that the FBI are there. We're Not here to like hang Yeah like we aren't like watching a movie. We wanna know where your fugitive son is.


And the dad's like, you know what? I believe he started a new life and he's doing just fine and the FBI officers were like, and you know exactly where he is and you aren't gonna tell us. Okay cool. Perfect thanks. But a friend of the dad was like, well I was over there a couple days ago and he had a call and he said it was his son in Alabama. So now we're looking in Alabama, which is again like across the country like we're going back and forth at this point. And they find that the number that had called from Alabama to the dad multiple times was from like a residential care facility for teens. And there was a man who had worked there that met the description of Lester.


No. Well yes but by the time the FBI got to this residential facility, the janitor had quit. Of course. So that's kind of where the episode ends is like we still don't know where this guy is. There's a bunch of age progressed photos of him because no one has confirmed seen him. There are no pictures after 1973 when he went missing on that Christmas shopping trip. But A BC has done a podcast on this, which full disclosure I have not listened to but I've read about it and they've done a couple articles as well. It's called Have You Seen This Man? And in the articles that I've read, evidently a potential biological son has come forward to provide DNA evidence.


Oh So he believes that his mom was sexually assaulted and raped by Lester Eubanks and he Oh So it's not like his mom was like in a relationship with him. No. Like oh my, his mom was a victim of Lester and he believes that Lester was the assailant and that he is the product of that rape. Oh my. So he has volunteered his DNA And I believe it's being analyzed. But here's the thing that I'm, I actually didn't know and maybe Ashley you did, did you know that the FBI's protocol is to exclude familial DNA to find suspects? Wait what do you mean? So like what we see from Parabon and GEDMatch and stuff, the FBA doesn't use that unless it's provided by one of those companies.


Wait I'm so confused. So like they won't take his DNA and match it in the FBI system. The FBI won't take the son's DNA Will not take the son's DNA to try to find Lester. Oh So wait, what system is the FBI using? They have something of like their own. It Kind of seems like that I couldn't quite get like all the articles that I read were like the FBI declined interviews with their like genealogist specialists, which I'm like well of course they did. So it was always a little bit cagey when it came to describing it. But basically like You know what my podcasting lines are coming full circle because this is actually in something that makes no sense is making sense to me.


I'm working on another miniseries all about Austin Yoga Shop and like deep dive investigative series with two journalists and one of the big questions we have is if anyone hasn't like seen the updates is they have DNA right This like fifth man quote unquote. Right. We covered it in a headlines episode. Yeah so FBI says it hit on someone but the FBI won't say who and what we can't even get from the FBI is, no one can give us a straight answer as to like, I'm not saying tell us who it is but I'm saying like can you explain to me what system you have and what you're working with on your end that even you aren't willing to give us? Or like what database are you working with? Is it, is it an internal one? Where are you gathering data from?


And they're like right, super, they will not talk about it. Where the heck are they getting this DNA from? I was like that's kind of like what the articles were kind of saying like we can't even get an answer. All we know is that based on the statement that they gave us after we requested to talk to A DNA specialist from the FBI and they declined, their statement is like we don't use familial DNA and story. Like what? And like on one hand I'm like okay that's one thing. But also we don't even know for sure that this guy is a match. Like we don't even know if he is biological to Lester Eubanks. So even if he did submit his DNA and it was analyzed, it could also bring up completely random people that are not Lester. Man this DNA stuff is getting messy quick.


Yeah so, So he's just like still out there. How old would he be now? So Lester would actually be 76 by now. So the time for him to you know, remain in prison if slash when he's ever caught is probably dwindling. And the fact that he's been free since 1973 Never had to really like serve. Yeah Like he time the crime happened in 1965 and he was out by 73. He has suffered a portion of a fraction of what he should have for the horrendous things he did to Mary Ellen. Obviously we have this other young man who believes that he is the product of a sexual assault and Lester's his father but I mean they obviously have his DNA, has he been connected to anything else anywhere else in the country ever?


I mean not that I can find again. He had two priors before murdering Mary Ellen and he came clean to murdering Mary Ellen really quickly. So afterwards, as far as I know he hasn't been connected to anything else. But also like this is a predator. This is someone who was acting viciously even before his murder conviction. Like I refuse to believe that he has been dormant since 1973. Okay Ashley, I'm gonna be really honest before starting this next story, this is like my least favorite kind of unsolved mystery. Well I agree.


I actually like this episode the least as well. But I will reward your least favorite story with as soon as you're done. I'll tell you my like any unsolved mysteries all time favorite because the next one I have for you is insane so let's power it through. Okay. Okay. So the reason that I don't like this is 'cause I don't think it's a mystery. Like this is very much where you And I differ. Like I know unsolved mysteries is like our like Venn diagram overlap, but I am way more America's most Wanted like my last story and you tend a little bit more supernatural and this is like in between those two. That's fair. So the whole story starts in like the northeast region of Japan in this little like port town and on March 11th, 2011, there's this huge earthquake and like they're used to earthquakes, they have them like not frequently but like there's been some big ones in the past but this was the biggest.


And when you live in a coast town on an island, you know that earthquakes usually mean tsunamis. So as soon as the earthquake happens they're like okay, let's evacuate everyone outta here. There will be a tsunami. We just don't know like when it's coming or how big it will be. Turns out it is devastating. And actually I know it's probably been a while since you watched this episode. Do you remember the footage? Barely. I mean I just remember literally waves like taking over the entire, like just wiping it out in one swoop. It's almost impossible to even describe 'cause there are like buildings that are breaking down because of the earthquake. There's buildings that are on fire from the earthquake and then there is a wave that's just enveloping the entire land.


Buildings are being swept away while they're on fire, while they're like being destroyed. Like it's, It's unreal. It's unreal. And like you could, it looks like, Like full on like end times footage. Yeah it's like If you were to spill a cup of water on your table but in slow motion except it's a city I, I can't even describe it any other way to be honest. And actually like the maximum height of the tsunami was over 130 feet, which is like a lot. And then on top of that, one of the talking heads in the documentary is like we couldn't figure out why nature was turning against us because it started snowing like not, oh I forgot that stop. So you have an earthquake then you have this massive tsunami literally just gobbling up the entire city and then it's snowing like blizzard level snows.


I literally, it's been a long time since our church days, but I think if that was happening I'd be like, book of revelations, it's Happening. Yeah, we're done. Like okay, anytime Jesus on a white horse he'll be here. I also, I laugh sometimes because I know that even though I'm not like deeply ingrained in church anymore that like it's ingrained in me because even though Even if it happened again, you'd still think it. Well I, okay, here's the funny thing. You have to tell me If, you do this too, but like anytime I can't find anyone there's always, Oh the rapture happened. Yes, there's Always this half second we're like, okay, We got left behind. I Got left behind. Yeah. So this is so, Yeah, I would not handle this well. Yeah, I, I mean even watching the footage mentally, like again, as much as this wasn't like my kind of unsolved mystery, this was a very devastating episode for me just because of like the sheer like magnitude of this tragedy and like the even show towards the end of the documentary, like eight years after this happened, when this whole documentary was filmed, the area is almost uninhabited.


It's taken almost a decade to even get to a point where this place can be lived in again and again, like I took a lot of notes on the devastation because it's massive and some of the stories that were told are just devastating. Like one guy lost basically his entire family in one day and didn't even know it for weeks. Like the day after he found his one daughter in like a bamboo grove and his wife was found like a couple miles away and he didn't even find his baby, his youngest daughter until a couple weeks later going through the debris of his house and like to lose everybody in your family in one day and not know it for weeks. I cannot imagine like processing that.


Like I, I can't like how do you keep living not knowing which I, I guess we say a lot about missing persons cases in general but like yeah after a travesty like this, like they could be somewhere they actually could very easily be in a shelter or being taken care of. Someone who found them or trapped somewhere or trapped somewhere and like, okay, sorry I have to move on. So all this devastation and there are thousands dead thousands like the confirmed dead as of the documentary was 15,854 with over 2,500 still missing. And like this is, this is not all of Japan.


This is a region teeny Tiny Yeah area Of Japan. Like this is not, this is not like we're, we're not talking about a huge country that is losing this amount of people. We're talking about a very small area of a country that's losing this much of their population. And because of that high amount like the survivors couldn't even have like a traditional funeral or grieving process. And in Japan it's, it's very traditional to cremate the dead and because of the devastation, the crematoriums literally weren't even up and running. So they built these mass burial sites and it's devastating to watch these people mourn their loved ones because this is not how they ever expected to do it.


One after a tragedy and two in this very non-traditional way is almost to a certain extent like disrespectful. Yeah. Of the dead And I think a lot of what happens in this documentary is because of how they had to handle the deaths of the people in this region. And after all of this, like three months later this journalist starts hearing these weird reports outta this region that there are ghosts around. What? Yeah, so one of the first stories I tell is this guy who's, it's like while all this is happening, he's looking for his mom and he heard that she might be at the shelter where she was safe. So he goes there, he's waiting to see if like they have her, he's talked to the attendants and they're like, well wait here.


And while he's waiting he sees this woman sitting in a chair across the room and he's like, oh I think, I think my mom has that shirt. And like he goes over and she turns around and it's his mom and he's obviously incredibly relieved and pulls out his camera to take a picture of her to send to his family members so that they know that she's safe and he holds the camera up to his face, takes a picture and when he takes the camera down it's not his mom. Like no one's there or it's someone else. Completely different person. And in fact at that time when the tsunami hit, his mom was actually in a bus on the other side of town and had already died by the time he took this picture.


Weird. And there's another story which as the parent of a toddler I find incredibly creepy because it's kind of happened to me before even though my toddler is still here. But there was a parent of a little boy who died and out of habit after the tsunami happened, a couple of weeks or months later she was getting dinner ready and called out for her son that dinner was ready. Which is just devastating in and of itself. But once she did that, one of his toys that had a manual switch turned on, I don't like that. I've had motion sensing toys in my house and they're terrifying and now I don't buy them but this was like a manual switch toy and she had basically lost her entire world to live after she lost him in the tsunami.


And this really encouraged her that like he was saying, I'm still here, I'm watching over you, I care about you. And it really like changed her perspective and she like respected this toy then because her son's spirit was speaking through it. And there's a priest in this that plays a really large part of this documentary named Tao Conta and he's like a 26 generation monk which is amazing. He's one of my favorite people in this entire documentary. And he actually goes out of his way to describe the way that Japanese people view life and death in that it's almost not separate. Like when you die you aren't dead in the sense that especially Americans like would consider it.


Okay. It's just like you aren't here, you are gone. But like your shadow still exists. Like it's very spiritual and because of that the idea of processing your grief or like moving on from your grief feels more like ignoring and forgetting the one you lost versus like addressing your own personal like emotions around it. So because of that, like they kind of see this huge uptick in ghost sightings. Like there's one lady who just sees ghosts, like she's always been kind of spiritually connected like that is the way she describes it and she'll see ghosts and be like, hey just so you know you are dead, you have a place, it's not here.


And then they go away. And there's also this weird phenomenon of like taxi drivers, do you remember this part at all? Not at all. Oh my gosh, this one is fascinating to me because of the compassion and the spook factor. So one, there's a bunch of stories of taxi drivers like pulling up and like picking up a person and they say, you know, go to this destination. And so they go to this destination and when they get there the taxi driver turns around and the person is gone. Not to take this back to the lady in Oslo, but this is why you get payment up front. I mean true. And that's, and that's where I come in with the compassion. So the meters were running for this. So this is kind of why a lot of people in this documentary consider these like the most founded ideas of ghosts appearing because there's no reason for these taxi drivers to be taking these fares with no one in them, right?


And it's not like they're seeing a loved one or like manifesting it themselves, Right? Like they're just completely random people going to completely random destinations and when they get to the destination their passenger has vanished And the compassion comes in is because like well like someone has to pay for these and the taxi drivers are paying for them themselves. They're paying for the ghosts. Yeah. They consider it like a service, like an honor to create this sense of peace for the spirit by returning them to their homes. Which like at this point I'm weeping in the documentary, I love that. So there's no reason for them to be lying about it 'cause it's literally costing them money. I wanna see a ghost so Bad. I know you do And like I'm not a huge like and this is probably why I didn't love this episode.


I'm not a huge ghost person. Like you don't believe they're real or you just don't wanna see one? I Don't wanna see one I'm TPD on if they're real. I think they are. Have I ever told you my ghost story? No. Oh my god. So guys this is our first time ever. So when I was what, 12 or 13 my uncle died And I was very, very close to him, very close to his kids and my aunt and he ran a restaurant in my hometown and he died actually in the restaurant from a spontaneous brain ans aneurysm when he was 40. Very, very unexpected, very traumatic for my family. We eventually closed the restaurant a few like a year or two after he died and auctioned everything off.


but we spent a lot of time there like getting it ready to sell and selling stock and selling you know, items or whatever. And part of that was like, it was kinda like an old house like actually you know what I'm talking about. It was kinda like an old house style. So it had like a main floor with most of the dining room. There was some dining upstairs and some banquet halls upstairs. And one time me and my sister were working, we were like just dusting around getting ready for a sale and we heard like a whole bunch of knocks and we couldn't figure out where they were coming from stop. And we were like, well that's kind of weird, like it's an old building so whatever. And we just kept hearing them and we were like that's not really Knox, it's more, it's really more like footsteps. And so we kind of walked around the building and it was just her And I there and we walked around the building and we kind of figured out where in the upper level that it was.


And because we were like Baby Nancy Drew's, I was like okay I'm gonna go up the stairs in here and Courtney, you go outside and go up the stairs like there was an off entrance to the upstairs on the outside Find the grandfather clock. The answers are always In the grandfather clock. Exactly. So I was like, okay, you go upstairs from the outside and I'll go upstairs from the inside and like if there's someone here, I don't know what we're gonna do but we'll catch 'em. So you're Like 12 and eight and you're gonna figure it out 13 and 11, thank you very much. But we're like okay, like we'll just find whoever this is. And when we both got upstairs we realized that when we had pinpointed where the steps were coming from, it was his office And is that he died in his office.


He didn't die in his office but he spent almost all the time there and like weird. It still smelled like him. Like it was, it was a very surreal, surreal experience. Right? There's totes ghosts. So that's my ghost story. I didn't see one, I'm pretty sure I heard one. Totes, Ghosts, And I still didn't really love this episode. So going back to our priest, Reverend Kinetta, he also would do like, I hate to use the word exorcism 'cause I don't use it in the documentary but that's kind of how I viewed it. Basically this woman comes to his house and he's, and she's like, I can feel people inside of me. And, I can't make it stop. Oh they're dead, they're spirits.


And, I can't get them out. And so he performs this like very long extensive prayer service with her and like basically coaxes these spirits out of her and it happens over and over and over again. And there's this like terrible story about she has a spirit of this little girl who was running with her little brother away from the waves and he says sis, I can't keep going. And she lets go of his hand stop and she also died but she feels unrest essentially her spirit is unrestful because she thinks she could have done more and the priest's wife basically comes in and is like the mom and and forgives her and the spirit leaves this woman.


It's so wild. And a lot of people are like in the documentary and in articles around it it's like why here? Well why like yeah there have been tragedies around the world let alone like also in Japan why Even like mass burials and stuff. So you can't even say it's the fact that they weren't put to rest the way that they traditionally are or, Or would prefer to be. Right. And so a lot of people come back to the fact that this is a pretty rural region of Japan and their spirituality is also kind of tied to a sort of mysticism. So they're just like more open to that fact. And again, like the priest describes this as almost a veil, like it can be so thin at times that If you believe you can see it.


And there's even like an academic who's like, I don't believe in ghosts so I'll never see one. I'm not their type, which is kind of like where I land. Yeah, Sure. And I. Think it's opposite though. Like I'm like trying so hard, I'm almost like too desperate for them. They're like no. And you know, something that the priest said I thought was really interesting was, you know these ghosts aren't here to scare you. They are here because they worry about you or the people still left among the living and they long for that connection and all you have to do is just remind them that they're no longer here, this isn't their home, but they do have a place to go and to not worry about us because we are here in this realm doing fine.


Go to your realm and find rest. I'll come back to, I don't know what the mystery in this episode is other than like our ghost's real, which is a pretty broad mystery. Yeah, I, I don't recall a ton of ghost stuff in the og. Like I get on board more with like the UFO rather than ghosts and there was like a lot of that that I remember. I mean even in the last installment we had a UFO thing. It doesn't seem like a mystery, I think it's just saying like, hey there's stuff that we don't understand about passing on. Yeah. Next episode. Okay, so Okay, let's hear it.


Lady in the lake is, even before I did my online research, this was one that I watched a couple of times because I was so fascinated by it. This is like you Would, I know of the six, this is the one I was drawn to. This is like my, this is my kind of unsolved mystery. Yes. Let's be clear. Because here's the thing is I, it is a mystery that is unsolved but like I think all the pieces are there and it's, it's one of those where I think it's like pretty obvious what happened. Alright, so Joanne Matoo Romaine, she's this mother of three adult children recently separated from her husband. And when her daughters asked about, you know, the separation, she's just like, it wasn't a healthy marriage.


My mom, my mom left. She wanted to be happy. Like the end, Everyone was better off. Yeah. So one night in January, 2010, this is in Michigan, Joanne's two daughters are at home. They actually lived with their mom and the police show up like at their door at like nine something at night. One of the daughters says she looks down at her phone, it's nine twenty four. 'cause she's like, you look at your phone when the police show up you like that's just natural. Okay, so she's a Crime. Junkie. Cool. Exactly. So they say, Hey we found your mom's car at the church abandoned. And she's missing now mind you like mom had gone to church at like 7:00 PM so she hasn't been missing very long.


So they're like on it. Yeah, just like a couple of hours. Yeah. And as soon as they hear that their mom's missing, well they start calling her like over and over again like any of us would do. Like this has to be a mistake, she has to be somewhere. She'll pick up the phone from me. So they both keep calling. No answer, no answer, no answer. So they go out to the church, they're like, we wanna see the car. This isn't making sense. Like we're just gonna go there. When they show up, there's a full on police search like we are talking, it is taped off with crime scene tape. There is a helicopter that's like looking in the water. There's Coast Guard, there's police everywhere. It's like scary level of missing at this point.


Exactly. They are searching, searching, searching, searching, searching. And there's nothing. And what the police are telling them at the scene is like, listen, your mom took her own life, your mom was at church, she walked across the street to this body of water, walked into the water and drowned herself. And they have all these search parties, they're like, you know, we're gonna find her. They, they call in everyone but no one is having luck. When they look at like the evidence that's still there at the scene, what they see are like some weird scuffle or like not even scuffle but like these shoe slide prints like towards the water, which is where they think that she went in.


It's kind of like this steep embankment and she was wearing heels. And it's interesting to note that inside her car they also find her purse. So she left it in there. And to them that's even more of a sign of like she didn't need to take her purse with her. She was, yeah, she was walking away, right? Yeah. But it's worth noting that the purse was brand new, at least according to her daughters and a big chunk of it was like ripped on the side. And they said they had never seen it like that. So their assumption is that it had happened that day. So because they can't find her right away in the immediate vicinity, they start trying to track her last movements. And what they find out is that she filled up her gas tank right before going to this like short prayer service at her church.


And then again just like poof, she's gone. Now there are some other people that were at that service that night. I mean it was like team, like a handful of people, not a lot. But what they learn is that when this thing gets out, this one person comes out and they say that this alarm starts going off this car alarm. And so they turn, they see a Lexus that is the same car that Joanne would've drove. So we believe it's her car that the alarm is going off right? When service gets out, well then the last person to leave the church is this woman. And she said like it's dark, you know it's, it's winter so it gets dark early, it's dark. She's like looking around full Crime Junkie like be weird, be rude, know your surroundings, stay alive. And she's like, she's like glancing across everywhere in the parking lot.


She sees nothing, no Cars. So no Lexus. No Lexus, but Joanne's car is eventually found at the church parking lot. So whether it was Joanne, whether something else happened at some point The car was moved At least based on witness statements. But that's not what the police are saying. They don't believe that happened. I think they, you know, say witnesses can be inconsistent. Maybe she just didn't see the car. 'cause in no part of the police's theory does Joanne leave and come back? She leaves church and then just decides to take her own life. So wasn't the car like found in like a different parking place somewhere in like initially was there or maybe like in the wrong direction? It's possible.


I think that if I remember correctly, I think they were kind of insinuating that in the documentary. Yeah. Like it was facing a weird direction but I couldn't find enough like for my supplemental research to like really give me a good grasp. Like basically all I know is that I don't think it was there at some point. And then I think it was again, and if it's facing a different direction, I think that helps bolster that theory. Oh for sure. The other thing that is worth noting is there are no prints on the car, which is strange, right? Like there should be Prints super, super strange. Like not even like anything. Yeah And they didn't do any testing for DNA and I'm not a hundred percent sure why. Maybe they couldn't, maybe they just didn't. But I mean they were also chalking it up to her taking her own life.


So true. True. Why would you even look for that If? you had that resolution in your mind already. So in the days following her disappearance, they're still not finding her. Now they know in the documentary And I think it is interesting, like she was wearing all black, the water was like icy and blue and white. So she would have stuck out but they're not finding her. But even without finding her, they rule it a death. They rule it suicide and they rule it a drowning, which is a little strange because there's no current in this water. Interestingly, she would've had to walk out, I think they said it was like the length of two football fields. Like the, the water was so shallow to even get deep water.


She'd be walking in water for the length of two football fields, which Is like dedication in Michigan in winter. Yeah, let me tell you. Yes. So does she have any history of depression? No. No. History of depression. There are even letters that her family and attorneys have gotten from her doctors saying that she was happy. She didn't have any known mental illnesses, there were No indicators that she would no attempt to take her own life And she was never at any point, at least that they were aware of suicidal. But it is important to point out that in the days, weeks, maybe even months before her death, she was really paranoid.


She thought she was being followed, she thought her phone was tapped. She even looked into getting private security and you know, a lot of people use that to try and say she was mentally ill and you know, she was paranoid. But her daughters point out, it's one thing to say that, but when you're afraid for your life and you think something's gonna happen to you and then you go missing and something happens to you, it's less likely that you're crazy and and more likely that you're right. Yes. And more likely that you had a reason to be scared. Okay. But Like I guess what was she paranoid about? Right? Right. So this comes up when her daughter, Michelle is talking about how there's three people that she initially thought like could have had something to do with her mom's disappearance.


She said the first was the ex-husband, right? They had just recently separated. I Mean that's the, that's the go-to right? Yeah. It wasn't a good relationship kind of contentious. Second was Joanne's brother, he actually used to be super wealthy. I mean multimillionaire had successful businesses, was down on his luck, had maybe, maybe some gambling debts and they're wondering if like someone used Joanne to get back at him. But the first person on Michelle's list and the person she said like she was specifically afraid of this person. This is what all the paranoia was about, was her cousin. Now this guy's name is Tim. Tim is a detective and apparently there was like this big feud going on with the family over this wine business that their parents had left them when they passed away.


I mean like lawyers were involved, everyone was going after this big chunk of money and Michelle Joanne's daughter had overheard a conversation where her mom's like yelling on the phone with Tim. She can't hear the other end of it. She doesn't know exactly what they're fighting about. But her mom gets off the phone, looks terrified and is like, if anything ever happens to me, Tim did it. Tim did it. Now of those three people, everyone's officially ruled out, not, not only because they ruled it a suicide, but they like find that either, you know, they had alibis or whatever, but especially Tim, like he's cleared by police because at the time his police colleagues vouch for him and say that he was on duty.


So fast forward 70 days after she goes missing, her body is found in Canada. No one has any idea how it got there. Now there is a waterway to connect where Joanne supposedly went in and where she was found, but it doesn't make sense because again, there were no currents. No one can figure out how she would've gotten all that way. And if she did, everyone expected her body to be in really bad condition. Like yeah, her clothes were intact. Her shoes actually look like, I mean it's like normal wear and tear. It doesn't make sense that those didn't get scuffed up, But she would've been in the water for over two months, right?


Yes. So I saw this one video on the justice for Joanne Machu Romaine Facebook page and it was really interesting. They said that when Canadian authorities found her and they called the department where they knew she lived to like let them know like, hey, this matches your missing person. I guess the case had initially gotten transferred to like another department, but the one that they called like hurried up and went up to Canada immediately told the police like there that oh this is a suicide. This woman was mentally ill. Like we got it from here even though they didn't have the case. And why are you saying this woman was mentally ill? And we don't know that. Like yes you ruled it a suicide but because we had nothing else.


Right? Right. So they do end up doing an autopsy, they do officially rule it a suicide, but they rule it a suicide by dry drowning. Have you ever heard of that? I have only because I'm a mom and it can happen to little kids. I Don't understand it. So they're basically saying that she drowned but there is no water in her lungs. How I still don't understand it, but it definitely still makes me nervous around pools. And my kids Like what the way I understood it with kids is that they could swallow so much water that Like later on they can then basically drown themselves. Yeah, But there would still be water there.


Yeah, It's right. It's bizarre. I don't understand it specifically in this case especially, And when I think about that even more, it's when you drown, you know, a lot of people I think, you know, when they're searching for her they're like, oh well you know, you don't float right away. That's when like all the gases after you're, you're dead for a while. Like build up in your body, you actually sink right away. You sink If your lungs are filled with water, if her lungs are filled with air, I don't even think she would've sunk right away. Right. So if they were there with like she gets outta church at seven 15, they're notifying her daughters at like 9 24, which Means that they would've at least known for what, like a half an hour minimum if not longer. Yeah. I mean she's not gonna get to Canada in two hours.


How did they not find her? Especially without a current, she's not going anywhere. Yes, And there's, there's just, oh my gosh, there's so much more that Netflix left out. Again, I got this from the Justice for Joanne Matoo Romaine Facebook page, click on Detroit News did an incredible special and the Gross Point news. But before I jump in, the one thing I also wanted to point out that they did point out in the Netflix documentary is just the geography of this. So If, you hear this and you're like, oh, she was parked at the church and walked across to this body of water. She had to walk across two busy lanes of traffic and a median and go down this like ice covered concrete like slanted slab.


Nothing about that to me makes sense either. Like If if right, or or am I just like reading too much into this? I haven't watched this episode recently, but didn't they even have someone like in heels try to make like this precarious walk down the embankment in The summer and she couldn't even walk. Like someone had to hold her hands and she almost broke her ankle like three times. Yeah. So doing it covered in ice, like I do not have an embankment anywhere near my house. My sidewalk is still covered with ice. And, I can barely make it down there to like get the mail. Yeah. In like snow boots. Okay. So we can all agree. This is why I watched this episode twice. Like it doesn't make sense.


Nothing is adding up. Something is going on here. So then I start to Google, Okay, here we go and Through all of the sources I just mentioned, here's what I found out. So first of all, things didn't end like quite like her daughter said. It wasn't just like, oh, we are not happy time to move on. There are allegations that her husband had an affair with her best friend. Yeah. Justin and Eric would never, They better not. So not that again, that doesn't mean he did it, but it's just one of those things I've got left out. And Cass a whole different shadow, It's like, oh interesting tidbit that we didn't know before.


Cool. And additionally, you know, when she got off the phone that one time after arguing with her cousin, she tells her daughter, if something happens to me, it was Tim. She doesn't just tell her daughter that she told at least 11 people that before her death. Oh. That she was terrified of Tim. And if something happened to her, if she disappeared, look at Tim 11 people. Are you kidding me? I mean it's one thing to be like, I'm gonna tell like okay my sister, The person who heard me yelling on the phone, My best friend, maybe one other person who like lives outta state just so that they have some distance, but that's it. 11. I don't, again going back to like how many people we are even friends with, I don't even know.


11 people. Yeah. And it's just scary that you can, like what do you have to do? Like film yourself saying it, you can tell 11 people and then something happens to you and everyone looks the other way. And to kind of like support this idea that it was, you know, something happened to her at the hands of someone she knew. Her daughter said that she didn't go anywhere alone. Like in those final weeks. She was so terrified for her life that the only place that she felt safe alone was at church. So it almost makes me think which If you were following her, you would know Or If. you knew her well enough, you would know something else. Unsolved mysteries left out. Is that right After Joanne goes missing, this guy came forward.


He was an eyewitness who says that he saw two men and a woman matching Joanne's description down by the water around the time that she goes missing. And like literally he's like, I got a good look at the guy. He like one of the guys I believe he like waved me on and he later identifies one of the men as her cousin. Tim. What? Yes. But police are like, oh that guy's just not credible. Well I don't have words. I'm sorry. Why? What? How? And there was also a man seeing, like running in the area at the time, wearing a scarf. That scarf is found on the road to me. Seems like a big piece of evidence that should be tested.


Yeah. Police just gave it to charity. Yeah. What? Yeah. And this is the most concerning of freaking off. I Would like back up. Do people do police just like give evidence in general to goodwill To charity? I, I love thrifting. You know me, I I I live for good Goodwill, salvation Army situation. Was this in evidence at one point in time? I've never in all of my Crime Junkie years heard about someone I've heard of destroying evidence Or like pitching it, getting rid of it, contaminating it. Whatever. I'm sorry. Yeah. Charity. Charity. Oh, so, okay. Okay. Buckle up. 'cause it's about to get Weirder.


My thrift store days have changed. I'll tell you that The most concerning thing in all of this is the timeline. So I wanna walk you through it because I remember watching the documentary And I remember, you know, there they, the daughters talk about coming to this crime scene. I'm like, oh my God, how terrible that must have been. How can you, yeah, I can't imagine. But it's Not until you stop and think about it that you're like, we're two hours out. Why is she considered missing? Yeah. And she wasn't reported missing. When would this have happened? I mean, how many cases have we done where no one can get anyone to pay attention? Literally the, if I go missing episode is about someone who went missing safely And no one cared.


And no one cared. And she was found eight days later, eight days kind of on accident. So listen to this that night. We know she's at church at 8:58 PM So this is like a little while after like she would've left, right? A police officer runs her tags. We don't know why. I assume it's because it's like this loan car sitting in a parking lot. You just wanna make sure it's nothing nefarious. Right. And the officer runs the tags and marks down like no action necessary. So there's, you know, it's not a stolen car, there's no warrant. Someone just left it here. We know we'll come back in a few days of still here, then we'll worry about It. Yeah. Like maybe someone met here and picked the other person up.


Whatever. Exactly. Then at 9 58, another officer comes by, he runs the plates and his story is that he sees some footprints leading to the water. He's sure that whoever had this car must have taken their own life. And so he's the one that like sets in motion this missing person rescue mission. Okay, So officer one, nothing weird. Officer two, something's up here. Even though it's in a church parking lot where there was just a service and there's probably lots of footprints, right? Even if like, I, I don't know exactly what the parking lot looked like.


I mean, in my mind it could have even been shoveled. But going back to the geography of this, even if there were footprints, you are telling me you tracked footprints from the parking lot crossed one lane of traffic, crossed a median, crossed another lane of traffic. And by the way, they're not like in-depth footprints. It's like literally like a, a shuffle area down to the water and, and you're like, oh, whoever had this car must have taken their own life. Definitely seems like a big conclusion to jump to. Okay, so here is another problem with this. Even If, you wanna say like, he's just the cop we all wish we had on our case. Like he's just paying so much attention. You know, I, he was So diligent, et cetera, et cetera.


8 58 is the no action plate running. 9 58 is the, she's missing plate running. So between 8 58 and 9 58, we don't know that anything's wrong, right? But also things have wildly escalated. But Riddle me this, why do the police show up at Joanne's house at 9 24? Oh, I forgot about that timestamp. And tell her daughters that she's missing. And you can say what the police are trying to say. Is that like, oh, we didn't go there till later. Okay. but we have the phone records from Joanne's phone that show calls from her daughters, 9 29 9 29, 9 31, 9 34, 9 49 Immediately after the cops show up and they are going into like high alert panic mode.


So somehow they knew to tell her daughter she was missing. Oh, and this is the other thing her daughter said. Her daughter said the car was registered in her name. The daughter Michelle. So She would've been considered quote unquote missing not her mom. Yes. Yes. And the Coast Guard, the report that they gave the family's lawyers says that the Coast Guard was called in for a search at 9 53. This is five minutes before the second officer even runs the plates. Oh my God. Now the Coast Guard thing is like all like typed up or whatever like you would expect. I feel like the Coast Guard is like typing this up and they're like, here you go, please get this off my plate. They, the police have a handwritten report that's like, oh no, we didn't call them till 10 20.


So Here's the thing. All of this, basically what Joanne's family believes is that there is a coverup. Tim worked for the police, they're alleging that he had something to do with it. And the good old boys in blue helped him out. They hired a lawyer to make this case. And that's where all the deposition video that You see from the Netflix documentary comes from. Mm. And as you saw at the end, like again, we, they left out so many of these like things that to me are jaw dropping. Yeah. They left all of it out. But the case gets thrown out. And I don't understand how, Honestly, that's the unsolved mystery for me. It's, You have one handwritten report that says you called it no, like none of this adds up.


And I can't even imagine what Joanne's family has to be feeling. Like I would be screaming from the rooftops. I would, I wanna pull all of my hair out. Just like the frustration, the tiny frustration I feel on their behalf. I don't understand. I don't understand. Okay. Well I think you are about to burst a blood vessel. So I am, maybe we should move on to the last episode of the season. Okay, last episode of the season is Stolen Kids. And it takes place in 1989 in Harlem, in New York City.


And this little 2-year-old named Christopher Dansby, he also goes by Juju, which I think is freaking adorable. He goes to the park with his mom and his grandma and his auntie and they're just kinda like hanging out. It's a really regular occurrence. It's a park really, really close to the apartment that they live in. And he and his brother love playing there. His brother's a little bit older than him and a really normal thing to do is like, while they're all at the park, one of the grownups will go to the store, pick up some snacks and get ready to go back. And so that's what mom does. She goes to the corner store, picks up some things and about a half an hour later she comes back and she's like, oh, like I don't, I don't see Juju. And Karima was like, well he was right here.


Let's just look for him. I'm sure he's just on the playground. And so look for him and they can't find him. They start calling out Juju, Juju, where are you? He doesn't show up. Then they start, okay Christopher, this is not a time for Juju. This is a Christopher time. He still doesn't show. And like they knew almost immediately after that, like something was desperately wrong. He is a mama's boy glued to her side. Doesn't even like when she does go to the store in situations like this. And so they call the cops like immediately and everyone comes out for this and they're canvassing the park and the playground. They like shut down blocks. They even bring like a dog out who gets a scent on Christopher really quickly and then follows it to a sidewalk where it stops immediately.


Cops are canvassing the apartment towers around. But even one of the detectives that was on the case says right up front like this is a lot of homes like housing a lot of people in a very, very small space, essentially. 'cause like we're talking about like the Martin Luther King Jr. Towers. So there's just like apartments on apartments with hallways and rooms everywhere. So not only are you looking at a huge amount of people in a small section of the city, you're looking for a tiny child like May is almost three and is kind of giant, but she's like three feet tall and 36 pounds. Like it's still not like a human, like a grownup human sized person.


Yeah, you're looking for, you're still looking for like a little kid. And because the dog lost a scent and they couldn't find any information in any of the apartment buildings around, they kind of assume that someone like just took Christopher and you know, either hopped in a cab or had a car waiting to go. And there was even like a potential for it to be a custody issue because Christopher's mom had had some substance use issues. Dad wasn't in the picture, but dad, you know, cooperated with law enforcement right away, as did mom. And like everybody checked out and it was just like a complete dead end. This kid vanished from his neighborhood park essentially. Hmm. And that's kind of where it stood. And then three months later, another little kid, this one was a little over a year and a half years old, named Shane goes to the same park on the same day of the week, which wasn't mentioned in the documentary, but I thought was really interesting.


Both of them went to the park on a Thursday when this happened. And according to his mom, these two older kids, they were like six and 10 came over and were like, Hey, can we play with Shane? And the mom was like, well, I mean he's a little kid If, you really want to, and they're like, yeah, we really want to like, we wanna play with him. She's like, okay, sure, whatever. And as a mom, I'm like, yeah, please distract him so I don't have to, I get that. And you know, she's sitting there on the park bench kind of just hanging out. A guy comes up, sits next to her, she's talking for a little bit, she looks away for a second and Shane is gone right away, calls the cops, they search for him, can't find him. And in this case, they even interviewed the kids who had played with Shane, their parents.


And even the guy who was talking to Shane's mom, they interviewed everybody that Shane's mom could remember and everybody checked out again, just disappeared into thin air. And this was such a big issue. Like two kids, same park disappeared three months away from each other. They even had like this van with like big like announcer horns on it. That was like driving around the neighborhood saying like, If, you know anything about what happened to these two kids, please let us know. Like we're looking for information from anybody, which is what I imagine, like we would get alerts on our phone about now. But like the idea of a van driving around with like speakers doing this is truly, truly wild to me. Very strange. Yeah.


But at one point in time Shane's mom got a call that her son had been buried underneath this building and like she called law enforcement R White, they took it so seriously that they even like tore down a building. Oh my gosh. Looking for where Shane may have been buried, but he wasn't there. Like it's literally these kids just like disappeared completely randomly with no one involved. Like they just poof gone. And there's kind of a working theory, I'm not sure how much I personally believe it, and maybe you can like provide some other perspectives, but the working theory is that it may have been like part of an illegal adoption sting like ring.


So like maybe individuals or like an individual providing children to adoptive parents who, you know, couldn't have biological kids and for some reason weren't approved or able to adopt traditionally or through any other means. And so like an individual or themselves like just grabbed these kids from the park one day. I think that, so I'll tell you just what like my gut reaction was. I mean it's very dark And I. Think that part of that theory aligns with what I was thinking, but I think it's a trafficking thing. I personally line more predator versus adoption. Yeah. And, I, And, I don't even know that. It's just like one predator.


I mean the more that I've been learning, you know, researching some of the cases that we've done, And I, I'm working on this specific project right now. That's, I mean it's dark, but it's like all about this how prevalent it is for like stranger abductions to be tied to not just like a pedophile or a creep, but like these trafficking ranges that are statewide national, global. I don't know why I, again, I I don't know this case inside and out. I have nothing to do with it. But I, I just have this horrible feeling that yeah, if we're talking about someone snatching kids for something, I don't think it was adoption. So there is an example that they provided in like defense of the illegal adoption ring situation.


And that is Carino White. So in 87, actually almost exactly two years before Shane was abducted or went missing at least Carino White was only 19 days old, she had a fever. So her parents took her to the hospital and while they were there, this woman who was dressed as a nurse was talking to them and comforting them and making, you know, your baby's gonna be okay, whatever. And then after a shift change, the nurse left. And that's when Carlena was also discovered to be missing. And again, this is a 19 day old baby just taken from the hospital. And the only reason we know this story and can connect it as like an, an adoption ring or abduction, I don't even know what to call it to be honest, was 23 years later a girl named Netty Nance is pregnant and needs to file for health insurance and needs her birth certificate to do so.


Her certified birth certificate, she asks her mom for it, you know, she gets it, she takes it in and the people are like, this is a fake birth certificate. This is not real. And that's Where like again, to going back to the thing that I was saying, I feel like taking a, a baby that is like just born or it reminds me so much of the stories we hear about women who are attacked and their baby's cut out of them because someone's like, I want a baby of my own. They want like the infant experience If. you will. Yeah. I'm, I I Don't know why though. It's awful To me, these stories are like sure, while they're like, like around the same area, like I I'm, they could be connected Sure. But I, they feel so different to me. Yeah. And again, like this fake nurse basically forged a birth certificate, raised this child as her own and like eventually was caught 23 years later and arrested for this.


And Carlina and her biological parents were reunited, which is amazing. But yeah, I just don't, it just seems unlikely for it to be super, super connected, even though it did happen in the same place to boys who had some similarities. They were both African American, they were around the same age, like six months difference. It just seems a little bit like, I, I understand connecting them, don't get me wrong, but it doesn't seem super connective to me. At least And I mean at this point in time, no one has seen or heard from Christopher or Shane since, like, they would actually both be 33 at this point. Oh wow. Yeah. And there was one article I read on PIX 11 that stated that possibly the same two kids that played with Shane that I mentioned earlier had asked to play with Christopher the same day he went missing, which I thought was interesting.


But This makes my theory even more. But Again, like at least in Shane's case, like those kids and their parents were both interviewed and checked out like yeah, that's true. We already see like later, even if they did play with them, like this is a close knit neighborhood in Harlem, like all the kids are going to the same park. It wouldn't be outta the ordinary for the same two kids to be playing. Like I know at least some of my younger cousins love playing with me. Are they like 10 years apart? Yes. But they love the idea of like having a baby cousin. It kind of feels like that for me, like with these two kids, it doesn't seem super, super weird to me. I don't know, I think I've been doing this job too long because like I can't help thinking like the worst, you know, back in the day, do we even have child sex trafficking?


Like the words for it or pedophile or Whatever. Right? Right. I mean, we know now that a lot of the times it's like kids relatives or pa or their own parent. I mean the, the stuff that's happening to them is often happening to them by someone they know. Could the police even at that time comprehend parents, you know, who are doing this and use their own children to lure them in? I know that's like literally like the darkest extreme I can go to, but I, I don't know. So on that note, the Charlie project lists both of these cases, both Shane and Christopher's as a non-parent or Nonfamilial abduction. So do not believe anybody in either of their families is involved with their disappearances. Right. I'm not saying their family, I'm saying the family of the kids they were playing with And And I agree.


But I, I don't know, I just, so on this line though, these two cases are actually often connected to the case of Andre Bryant and he's actually one of the first pictures mentioned at the end of this episode. 'cause Netflix actually lists like a handful of other missing children at the end of this episode. And he's one of the first ones. And there's a lot of differences in here, which I think lean towards your theory more than Christopher and Shane's cases do. So Andre was actually only six weeks old when he went missing and when he went missing, he had gone along or his, I, I guess he didn't go, his mom took him along. He was six weeks old. His mom took him along on a shopping trip with some girls that she had supposedly known from middle school.


They saw her walking around like, oh look, we should all go shopping. We know you, whatever. And she agrees now the next day her body is found near a river, but no sign of Andre, no sign of a vehicle, no sign of these two friends. Hmm. And Andre, who would now be 31 has never been seen since. That's so strange. And again, like, because that actually happens earlier in 89 than Christopher and Shane's cases do, but they're all in New York City. They're all young African American children. Again, Andre is a newborn versus like toddlers like Christopher and Shane. But they often get linked together because of the similarities.


And again, they just like vanish into thin air. And, I feel like this is pretty much like all I have to say about this case. 'cause I don't know what happened. I, it's an unsolved mystery obviously, but I think it's a good time to point out that If, you fan club members have anything that you know about any of the cases we've talked about. You can go to unsolved.com and provide tips and We'll do this again. Oh, next time. Next time they drop more episodes. Yeah. Don't forget If, you want more Crime Junkie episodes like this bonus content new members can try the fan club app for free for the rest of July and all of August when you sign up through our website, just head to the link in the show notes and make sure you hit the follow button here so you don't miss any bonus content that we put out.


We'll be popping back in this feed next Thursday with another Vault episode. Bye. Crime Junkies. Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve? Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here, creator and host of the top true crime shows Crime Junkie and The Deck. Now, you may be used to hearing my voice every week, but you can now watch some of these stories and more unfold on the Crime Junkie YouTube channel, more True Crime content, more Best Friend content.


You'll find bonus Crime Junkie content plus full episodes of Crime Junkie af. And you can even check out our full length episode of the deck because the case I needed you to see is one that you need to truly do more than just listen to. So if video podcasts are something you enjoy or you're looking to add even more Crime Junkie content into your routine, be sure to go check out our channel and subscribe to Crime Junkie podcast on YouTube.