
Hi Everyone, it's Ashley Flowers here with an exciting reminder that we are going back on Tour Crime Junkie is hitting the road starting next month and we've got stops from coast to coast, from Los Angeles to a couple different spots in Texas and all the way down to two cities in Florida. And we're trying to hit everywhere in between. My best friend Britt and I will be diving into a case I've never covered anywhere else before and we can't wait to connect with all of you in person. Tickets are going fast, so don't wait. Head to Crime Junkie podcast.com to grab your tickets today And I can't wait to see you soon.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Every 26 seconds. A burglary takes place in the US according to FBI Data Protect your home before it's too late. With SimpliSafe proactive security system, SimpliSafe helps stop threats before they even have a chance to break in. SimpliSafe has been a constant for my family for the past nearly seven years and having that confidence that my home and family are protected 24 7 means I've lost zero sleep worrying about our safety. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hi Crime junkies. I can't believe we're here. Summer is over, which means this is the last Vault episode, last Crime Junkie Thursday. I've spent the last few weeks kind of laying out how the fan club works and showing you what kind of content you can expect every month when we say that you get a full episode, a mini episode and bonus content. Well, the last vault episode I want to share with you is a special one because it comes with a surprise at the end. So make sure you listen all the way through and if you're gonna miss our extra time together, please go check out the fan club. Thank you for all your extra time these last few months. And don't forget, stick around all the way to the end.


Hi Crime Junkies. I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm Brit. And today we're switching things up a bit. So some of you might remember a little show I used to do called Supernatural. Listen, I love Mysteries of All Varieties and that show let me explore some of the most mysterious events in history. Like we did Ghosts, we did aliens, conspiracies, all the things I love talking about and I gotta admit I I missed telling those stories so I thought why not? Like every once in a while tell those stories here. But like all a Crime Junkie style because honestly the thing that I missed when doing Supernatural was getting to kind of spiral on some of the stuff with you Britt, because like doing it by yourself I like, I wanna just like talk about it.


I was say and I like can spiral on this stuff because I am a skeptic, I am a believer, I am all the things. Yeah, same. Same. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Okay. So this episode actually is one that I have been wanting to talk about forever. It's about an event that happened almost 150 years ago that briefly brought the attention of the nation to this small Kentucky town. As everyone tried to answer the question, what fell out of the sky and why this is the story of The Kentucky Meat Shower of 1876 on March 3rd, 1876 in Olympia, Kentucky.


It's a clear sunny day, a slight breeze, one of those early spring days that carries the promise of warmer weather. Ugh, Midwest fake spring. It's my favorite thing. Yes, precisely. And what's tried and true now was tried and true 150 years before and it's that if you give us good weather, we are going to flock to the outdoors. 'cause the Lord only knows when we're gonna be getting it back. Like you said, this is like fake winter Shorts and sandals immediately. I know. I don't know if you saw that like meme where it's like Midwest winter and it's like false spring second winter, fall like second false spring, third winter 1000%. So for one woman named Rebecca Crouch, it is the perfect day to go get some work done outside.


So she's going about her normal day and sometime between 11 and noon she's like out there making soap when all of a sudden something starts falling from the sky and she can't tell what it is at first. And her grandson who's outside with her says it's snowing but it's definitely not snow. I mean it's heavier, it's landing on the ground with like literally audible thuds plus it's a clear day. Like, I mean not a cloud in sight, not that it couldn't like snow in the like honestly like this would Be so like I'm gonna say like, but snow wouldn't surprise me while it's like sunny and seventies. It's Like welcome to the Midwest. I'm sorry. Anyways, So whatever this is one piece of it lands right next to her making this sharp like slapping sound as it hits the ground and she looks down staring at whatever just fell out of the sky and she realizes that what she's looking at is meat, Which like can you imagine?


And also no like questions raw cooked steak, chicken. How big are we talking? I Okay, so it's making a slapping sound on the ground. I Know, I like, can you hear it? I just hear like, like I like I can't even do it like I just hear wet. I kind of gagged when you said slapping sound. I know, I know. So here's the, here's the deal. None of the pieces are super big. Most are smaller than the size of your hand, which is still to me pretty big. But Yeah, but It's raw and it doesn't look like it's been cut with a knife. Like the way they describe it back then it sounds like it's more like strips that have been ripped from something. And I mean as it's falling, Rebecca can't help but think of her husband and son because they're not home right now.


And as she's grappling for some sort of explanation, she briefly wonders if something happened to them and their remains are being brought back to her by some divine act. I mean again cut to like the 18 hundreds, I would be terrified I guess. Yeah, I mean she also wonders with I'm sure like a sense of growing horror if this is foreshadowing for something bigger to come, like some indication from the cosmos of an impending cataclysm, like anything's possible. I would kind of think the world is ending if like shredded meat, falling Meat fall from The sky. From the sky. Yeah. Yeah. Like Especially in the 18 hundreds. Yes. Pray to whatever God you believe in and she's not about to like sit around and find out what this is. She grabs her grandson runs into the house to like wait out whatever's happening hoping that it does end and it does.


Like the meat only falls for like one to two minutes and by the time it's done there are these little bits of it laying all over their yard, hanging on nearby fences caught in bushes. Now it's not entirely clear how large the area is where the meat fell. One witness told the New York Caral that the affected area is about a hundred yards long and like just over four feet wide. So more of like like a strip of an area. But Emma Austin reports for the Louisville Courier Journal that the space was about as big as a football field. Oh you know, four feet wide strip football field. Totally the same thing. I know like so many, so many details have just been like lost to time over the years.


So it's like difficult to tell what's what, you know what I mean? And and even back then, like how many people actually like got there to measure at the time They're probably just taking like random people's accounts and to paint the picture a bit more, the CROs live on a farm so they have a fair amount of land for this to have happened on and not a lot of people around to like account for it other than like the family. Right. And I was thinking like I grew up in a pretty rural area. If something happened on our property versus our neighbors, like our neighbors might not know right? Because they lived kind of far away. Right now once the meat is done falling from the sky, Rebecca isn't in any rush to touch it. Which like same girl.


So yeah she waits and thankfully her husband and son, they're safe and sound. They come home and her husband's name is Alan. When he gets home later that day, he is just as dumbfounded as she is. Obviously neither of them have ever seen anything like this before but for some reason Alan doesn't have quite the same fear of it as Rebecca does. So he spends some time picking up as much of it as he can, but there's no way he can get all of it. And according to what I read in the New York Harold there is quote not less than half a bushel. Which did you left? Why? I said it like you're supposed to be shocked like 'cause I know you don't know what a bushel is. I had no idea what a bushel Is. I actually do know what a bushel is. I'm a farmer's daughter. Do you really?


Yeah. Wait, do you guys still measure in bushels Like grain farmers still measure their yields in bushels? Bri stop. How did I not know that you knew what a bushel was and that your dad's like measuring things in bushels still? I mean I, my first reference for bushels is when our moms used to can peaches together and they would buy like a bushel of peaches. But like my family still measures like their yields every fall in bushels. I Wish you could see my face right now. My it's like jaw on the floor. I'm like bushels a bushel and a pet. What's that? What's that saying? Anyways, anyways, I love You a bushel and a pet and a pet bushel and a neck and a hug around the neck. This is gonna make everyone really happy that we like don't do supernaturals as like our full-time job. They're like just get to the story my friend.


Okay, so do you wanna tell, I was gonna tell everyone what a bushel is, but do you wanna tell 'em It's about like eight gallons, right? Which is but like in dry form it, it's kind of hard to like convert it that way I guess. I know. Yeah. So a half bushel would be like four, four gallons. Right, right, right. So they've got at least four gallons of meat bits on the ground that he's trying to collect. And I don't think he's like doing it because he is all that worried about like cleaning it up because I mean they live on a farm, they've got animals that are like more than happy to nibble away at whatever's left. Mm. I don't think I'd want them eating it. Me neither. I mean most of them end up being okay. So like I, I know that the chickens, pigs, cats, like they were all eating it.


They're fine but the family also has a dog and it's actually the dog who gets sick after eating the meat. I don't know what happens to the dog. I fully believe he just like, you know, had the runs maybe like hacked it up a little bit. IFI fully believe he recovered and since the dog's the only animal animal that got sick, it could have been from something else. Well and like my dog at least probably wouldn't stop eating it if it had like free range of meat lying on the ground. So it could be more like how much the dog ate versus the other animals. I kind Of thought that too. Yeah. And that without knowing like the severity of the sickness or like when you say the dog got sick, what does that mean? It very well could be when you look at the other animals that were eating it, they might have been eating in much smaller portions than the dog.


So I mean either gorged itself or it was the amount, whatever, I don't know now as you would expect if gallons or half bushels of meat just randomly rain down from the sky, the crouch is don't keep this event to themselves. I mean I would be telling everyone far and wide about this now and back then they didn't have Netflix. So like this is hot goss. Yeah, word spreads around Olympia about what happened on their farm. And there are some mixed reactions. Like some people are really wary, they view the event through the lens that Rebecca first did and kind of still does at this point that there's something otherworldly going on and it might be a sign of something. Although what that something is, no one offers up any ideas. Other neighbors are curious like they're, they're not like as scared or wary of this.


They like start coming around wanting to see what this is for themselves. I mean here's the thing I get being weary. This is weird as fuck, but yeah I know if something like meat just fell from the sky in one little location, yeah. Oh I'd be there. I would need to see it for myself. Yeah, I would like, like I'd be selling tickets to this show. This is like I would for sure, although I might show up. You might show up. I don't know that we would go quite as far as some of the locals did your morning coffee sets the tone for the entire day. Make your mornings better with Starbucks. Frappuccino drinks flavors like rich mocha, sweet vanilla or smooth caramel means no matter which one you choose delicious coffee awaits, simply grab one from your fridge, pop the cap and enjoy better coffee starts a better day.


Start with Starbucks frappuccino drinks. Find a Starbucks frappuccino drink near you wherever you buy your groceries. How do you make an Airbnb, a VRBO picture, a vacation rental with a host who's showing you every room like you've never seen a house before. Now get rid of 'em. There you go. No host ever. Now it's a vrbo. Make it a vrbo. You see two local men decide to try and get to the bottom of what this is and where it came from. By tasting it, Tasting it, They put it in their mouths Like raw.


Yeah. Oh they're not gonna cook. I mean yeah, I guess they're not cooking it. Yeah. Raw. I'm sorry. No, no. Yeah, no. Well and let me just clarify 'cause at least one of the two says that he spit it out because he doesn't feel comfortable swallowing it. That's not making it better for me. I agree. Okay. When is this happening? Because you made it sound like this was like a, at least a few days later, has this meet just been like sitting out? I, I don't know what happens to sky meat when it's not refrigerated or cooked or anything, but I know what happens to earth meat when it just sits Out. I don't know either. I don't know know, again, I don't know if this is like some of the stuff that he collected and I don't know if they had like icebox way to keep it.


I don't, I have no answers my friend. I just know that some of them taste it because they're trying to get to the bottom of what it is. They, they, they start to, they have some conclusion. So both of them agree that it tastes something like venison or mutton. Not exactly like either of the two though. Like they can't quite pinpoint it and it doesn't exactly look like venison or mutton either. Because in that same New York Herald article, one of the men I I, sorry I get so nauseous when I think about this. One of the men says that as he's handling it, there is this quote milky watery fluid. Mm. That oozes out of it, Ashley. I know, I know.


He seems to be fine though. And I, I don't know if this is the guy that like if this is our like spitter or swallower like I don't know, but he seems to be fine. It, he doesn't seem to have gotten sick. So milky watery pussy meat A okay in 1800, Why would you say that? I don't know. My god, I, I'm trying to give you the facts here. Okay, now there is a local paper that weighs in and claims that the meat is from a bear Based on what exactly I assume his like own life experiences. Like I, he doesn't, he doesn't say that he eats it or whatever. It basically, it sounds like he's looking at it and he's like, yep, I've seen bear meat. That's definitely bear meat. Okay, But why is bear meat specifically falling from the sky That doesn't explain Anything.


Well, I mean the same reason any meat's falling from the sky, we don't know like this. He doesn't offer up any opinion on how it got up in the air, how it rained down on the Crouch's farm. We don't know. Now the meat shower, as it has eventually come to be known remains big news in Olympia in the week following the event. But it doesn't stay local for long word is traveling across the country and a week after the event an article detailing what happened is published in the New York Times. And once it makes national news, people really start talking and really start theorizing about what could have caused it. For instance, an article in the Rutland Daily Herald wonders if food raining down from the sky will become somewhat of a normal occurrence, all a cloudy with a chance of meatballs or manna from the heavens.


They even go on to give an example of what a weather forecast might look like in the future based on how it's written. I can't tell if they're joking or being serious either way. It made me laugh. So I have a little excerpt Brit, if you just wanna like do the honors and read it. Okay. For New England, the middle states and the lower lake region falling barometer, increasing cloudiness with beef steaks changing to mutton chops in the northern part of these regions during the night. Like It's, it's a joke, right? I mean it has to be. Yeah, I mean but okay here's the thing. Like this sounds bananas and this is where I can't tell if it's like satire or if like everyone's just starting to like get nervous because this idea that they should potentially prepare for something like food regularly falling from the sky is bolstered when reports of fish falling from the sky turn up in Indiana.


What? Yeah, So in Winchester, Indiana, it's reported that entire fish of various sizes like between one in four inches fall out of the sky over a few acres all over town. And what's wild is that some of the fish were still alive when they fell out of the sky. I have lived in Indiana my entire life. How? Oh, Haven't heard of fish rain? Never. Yeah. Heard a fish rain in Winchester before? I hadn't either. But unlike meat showers, apparently there are other documented cases of fish falling out of the sky and it turns out the explanation for the fish is actually pretty simple.


Most people attribute it to hurricanes and tornadoes sucking up water and therefore small fish, again, we're not talking like a six foot bass or whatever I basket six feet, but like one to four inches little fish, little Min nose. Yeah. Sucking 'em up in the sky. Then dropping them when the wind isn't strong enough to hold them up anymore. So sometimes the fish will be carried for miles before falling. Okay, so These other documented cases, when are they from like just from back in the 18 hundreds or like recently? This still happens. Like there's, I found stories from as recently as 2023 about phish raining down in Texas and Australia. What? Yeah, even in the euro region of Honduras. This is like an annual phenomenon. So like also by the way, glad I Googled it because I can't imagine being somewhere and all of a sudden a fish falling from the sky.


I would full on Rebecca even though it's not the 18 hundreds and I'd be like, it's all ending everyone take cover. Yeah, for sure. But now you know, now, now we all know if a fish falls from the sky you're good. Like it's okay. The, the world isn't ending for that reason. I'm sorry. Still not convinced. Yeah. Now there are like some other different explanations for the fish part like flooding for instance. But again the most common one I've seen is water spouts or really strong winds. They pick it up, blah blah blah blah Blah. So is that what could have happened in Kentucky except with like a dead animal or carcass or something? Well So the idea that the wind picked something up and carried it is a popular theory.


So, so again, like we know this happens with phish, maybe it happened with that. Like it's at least seems kind of logical, but really the theory surrounding what could have gotten picked up, like it starts to get really out of hand. For instance, one of the early ideas is that the meat was human and it came from people who got in a knife fight. Okay, that seems like incredibly specific. How what? I don't even know how they got here. Logic again, like I'm trying to put myself in 1876 or whatever year we're in because like they're saying like some two people are in a knife fight and I don't know if they cut each other up so much and then like a strong gust of wind comes and just like I, it, it makes no sense Brett. It makes no sense. Now there is another New York Times article that claims that men in Kentucky were always getting into fights and that whirlwinds were really common in that state.


And Rebecca goes on to say that she noticed some whirlwinds earlier that day. So yeah, I think the theory is that they sliced each other up again. I don't know how much you two people slice each other up in a knife fight. Well And like pieces are falling off of them. Well that's the thing is like again for it to be, if we're talking a football field of me, I'm like both of you need to be like toast. But I dunno if they're just saying like little pieces got cut off and then like picked up by the wind. Well Okay, back up for a second. You said whirlwinds, is that like a tornado? Is that what they mean? I Don't know maybe to be fair I, well I should say I know it's not a tornado because I looked up historical tornado records and I couldn't find any record of one of, I know like gotta be accurate.


So maybe it was windy that day. I don't know what Rebecca means by whirlwinds or what the newspaper means by whirlwinds. Who knows? Either way I don't think it matters. The theory doesn't hold up and that theory is soon replaced by another that the meat is actually frog eggs that got picked up by the wind from a nearby pond and then dropped on the crouch's farm Frog eggs. Like what tadpoles come from. How do you, how do you confuse that with meat though? Meat the size of your hand that like slaps when it hits the ground. Yeah and people like pick up and eat. Yeah, everyone who actually saw what happened, like saw the meat, saw what fell from the sky, even those who didn't, I mean they're quick to like be like no thank you for trying but no thank you.


But then there's my personal favorite theory. Your morning coffee sets the tone for the entire day. Make your mornings better with Starbucks. Frappuccino drinks flavors like rich mocha sweet vanilla or smooth caramel means no matter which one you choose delicious coffee awaits, simply grab one from your fridge, pop the cap and enjoy better coffee starts a better day. Start with Starbucks frappuccino drinks, find a Starbucks frappuccino drink near you wherever you buy your groceries. So my favorite theory is that the meat is of cosmic origin.


Ooh. Space meat. Space meat. The theory basically goes that the flesh could have been from animals on another planet that exploded and then their meat rained down to our planet. I mean points for creativity. Yeah, I, this was obviously like came at a time before we had a solid understanding of our atmosphere and the way that other planets and potentially even like gravity and like the sun in the all of it worked but it was actually taken seriously for a while. Not because there's really any proof of it, but as an article for the New York Times explains, there's no evidence against it. I mean to be fair, accurate but completely different times.


Yeah, Seriously. What's so funny to me is that so again they, they bring up the fish reigning down again because because that same New York Times article, they do make like special point to explain that the fish could not come from outer space because quote fish however need water and there is no astronomer of reputation who would entertain the hypothesis of cosmic rivers stocked with cosmic fish and quote, Okay so we definitely have like space cows or deer or sheep or a bear possibly totally, totally plausible that could have exploded and rained down to earth. But space fish, absolutely, absolutely not. Yes.


Right. And to be completely transparent, this article in particular was challenging because I mean, I'm telling you it really reads like it's supposed to be a little tongue in cheek. Like for instance, there's one section where it references like an unnamed man who was apparently trying to invent something that could control the weather. I can't verify this, but the writer goes on to criticize this inventor guy for the food he's choosing to shoot through the atmosphere. I feel like this is confusing, but just like read this excerpt real quick, you'll understand what I mean. Okay. It says quote, is he already tampering with the atmosphere and are these edible showers? The first results of his ill directed meddling Ill directed it certainly is for no man with any sense of the fitness of things would serve up meat first and fish afterward.


Why did he not begin with oysters then pass on to soup and subsequent fish end quote. Okay. Yeah, I feel like this is very tongue in cheek, very satire. I, that was my first Thought too. But honestly the vernacular at the time was just so different. A lot of the articles that I had to read for this like had very similar phrasing. So like I think it's upsetting that I can't tell. So okay, we've covered a couple of different options including space meat, but space meat Skeptic in me. What are the odds that all this was a hoax? So that's a theory too. There's basically a rumor that circulates that Rebecca wanted to sell the farm but Alan didn't.


So she staged this whole thing to convince him to sell it. But she denies staging it. She says that both she and her husband were in agreement that they would sell the farm. So there's nothing to be gained by staging this Other than fame. Ye Yes, but like, I dunno if there there was any way to guarantee it would make national attention, especially back then the way that like information had to travel and from what I can tell the crouch is weren't actively going out to reporters, they were kind of just like talking to the reporters that came to them. I can totally get where you're coming from though because I'm especially wanna leak. A lot of the theories are just wild. That being said though, not all of the theories are completely off the wall and there is one that stands out most could be the most credible and it's the idea that the meat was from buzzards.


So I I was gonna say like, I don't know if you know this, like I don't know anymore what you do and do not know. You might, you have these wild factors like hidden in your brain, but I'm gonna tell you this anyways, Okay. When, I guess when buzzards are startled and they've eaten a lot, they like throw up to make themselves lighter so they can get away faster. Like that's their way they've evolved to like survive. Okay, So I did not know that. Neither Did I. So the theory is that if there were a bunch of buzzards nearby, you know they're snacking on a dead animal, then they like go up in the sky and they're like flying together something startles them, all of them at once, like empty their stomachs and they do that right over the crouch's farm, which is why it's like just in this one tiny spot, I just thought someone ate possible buzzard, vomit then.


I know It's, it's nasty. Did Rebecca say that there were any like birds or flocks of birds in the sky though? Well, not that I can tell, but buzzards I guess fly up really high and or she's, she's making soap, she's looking down like, and if the buzzards puke and like puke and run right, they're trying to get away faster and she's trying to like grab her grandson to get inside. Maybe she didn't see them. Maybe she didn't even like also, I dunno if I look up a little bit like it's, I dunno, how fast is it coming down? Maybe she didn't, she didn't register the birds because she's more focused on the meat. There's a a thousand reasons she couldn't have seen buzzards. Maybe Could the birds have vomited up that much meat though? Like how many buzzards would it take? I mean if it's over four gallons, that would've to be a pretty big flock.


I do not know the science of how many gallons of meat but like buzzards can hold or how many buzzards it would take. I don't know, I, I really don't know. Wasn't there any way to test the mystery meat? Stick it under like a microscope or something? So yes, Actually, so there are some samples that were collected and sent off for testing by scientists around the country. But even then when those actual scientists start weighing in, there's a lot of disagreement on what it could be. So some of them were saying it's definitely animal that they're, they can see muscle and cartilage, but another man claims it's nast stock, which is a type of multicellular bacteria that looks kind of like algae and is found in soil or at the bottom of lakes. But back in the 18 hundreds people believed Nast stock just kind of floated around in the air and then like puffed up when it rained, which isn't true because it needs a moist environment to survive.


But like this guy claims that the mystery meat was just nook that fell down when it rained. But it didn't rain though it True it did not rain. So people are quick to point that out and like okay, it's definitely not that okay With all these theories floating around, can we just land on the fact that it is in fact meat? Like just meat, not frog s not bacteria, it's meat. Yeah. People do finally seem to come to that consensus when the president of the Newark Scientific Association, this guy named Dr. A Meet Edwards, he's given a sample and after testing it, he comes to the conclusion that the sample he has is lung tissue from either a horse or a human baby.


Well How have we circled back to human meat and how can this guy even tell, I have no clue. There are no details on how he got there. But by that point, pretty much everyone's on board with the idea that vultures are to blame so they don't think babies, no chopped up men in a knife fight just the carcasses of some animal that was picked on by some birds. And that's kind of what everyone agrees to agree on forever. Like eventually the incident fades to local legend and to this day the meat shower remains kind of unexplained unless you take their like accepted explanation.


Now I know that there's a sample of the meat that still exists, but nothing that we could test because it's been preserved in formaldehyde for all these years. There's really nothing you can do now on it that would be fruitful. And listen, the most logical explanation is likely what happened. But you know, I stuck it a little conspiratorial, especially when you know that things haven't stopped falling from the sky. Not meat so much. But like Bri, I bring this up to you probably once a month, I'll bring it up to everyone else. We talk about this All the time. It's the birds, isn't it yet the birds Guys. The birds. In like 2010, there was like a couple of days where birds, I think it was 2010 were like falling from the sky, like flocks of birds in Like different areas, right?


In different areas. And we just like dropped it outta the sky and it like was barely a blip in the news. Like that's not newsworthy. Are you kidding me? Someone made that story go away and then like Every couple years it would happen again, right? Yes. Well so I, I googled this to be like, just to make sure I'm not misremembering anything in Google and it's still happening like every single year and it's, there's like this one place, it was in Alabama or Arkansas when I was Googling where it's like almost like at the same time it's like fish are dead, birds are dead. They tried to say it was fireworks one year, but then the next year there were no fireworks and like something I think it's like, you know, it could be like military testing again, I'm like the aliens are here, my friends.


So I mean I'm not gonna try and sound too out there. People are gonna stop listening to this show. So even though there's always room for aliens or government conspiracies, you know when you leave the explanation up to me, it might actually just be vultures. It could just be vultures. Yeah. But I like to think a little bit bigger. The truth is I miss Supernatural too much to just leave it at that mini episode. So I'm bringing it back. I bought the show from Spotify and Supernatural is now an Audiochuck original baby. We got a new logo, new branding, go follow the show because new episodes are right around the corner.


We're gonna start releasing new episodes of Supernatural September 6th of this year. So just a couple of days you guys go follow, go listen to the bat catalog and I'll see you in the Supernatural Feed as well. Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve? I.