
They say opposites attract. That's why Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples You like a bed that feels firm, but they want it Soft. You wanna sleep cooler, but they like to feel warm. Sleep number does all of that. I sleep at 75 and my husband now sleeps at 35. Two completely different beds, but we're right next to one another. JD Power ranks sleep number number one in customer satisfaction with mattresses purchased in store and now sleep number Smart beds starting at $999. Price is higher in Alaska and Hawaii. For JD Power 2023 award information. Visit jd power.com/awards only at Sleep Number store or Sleep Number dot com with no fees or minimums.


Banking with Capital One is the easiest decision in the history of decisions. Even easier than deciding to listen to another episode of your favorite podcast and with no overdraft fees, is it even a decision that's banking reimagined what's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC


from your morning podcast to your afternoon playlist We know you personalize your entire day. That's why State Farm helps you personalize your insurance With the State Farm personal price plan. It offers coverage options that help protect what you care about most at an affordable price just for you. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices vary by state options selected by customer availability and eligibility may vary.


Hi Crime junkies, I have a special treat for you, hence why I am popping into your feeds on a Thursday. I dunno, If, you know this, but this summer marks five years since we started the Crime Junkie Fan Club. We don't really plug it super often. We might mention that you can see a pick in the app, but clearly I'm doing a terrible job of keeping you in the know And I know this because while I was at this author True Crime event in the Hamptons this spring, I met a group of lovely ladies, hello ladies who were super fans. They listened to every episode, they run with me in their ears every week and they've been doing this for years. And they said they wished we had more episodes. And I said, well, we do in the fan club. And they had no idea what I was talking about.


So if you're in the same boat, let me fill you in back in 2019. I started in Patreon because I heard so many of our crime junkies asking for more, more episodes, more ways to connect with us, more case visuals. And while we were on Patreon, I also spent years building our own custom app, and that's where our fan club lives now. The Crime Junkie app, you can download it on your phone in any app store, all the episodes you regularly hear are ad free. The case pictures and documents are timed and pop up as you're listening to the episode so you can follow along and see exactly what me and Britt are looking at. And fan club members get first access to merch and tour tickets.


Hint, hint, something's coming. The top tier of our fan club also gets help deciding what organizations and causes we donate to. And we've started even adding other shows like My SiriusXM radio show, Crime Junkie af. And the most important thing there is so much Crime, Junkie bonus content, full episodes, mini episodes. Episodes where we talk about true crime headlines. Britt, And, I even recently did a supernatural type episode and I'm always shocked by this question, which I get all the time. But what are the episodes like Boo? They're exactly the same as what we give you every single Monday. You think I'm skimping out on the fans who pay the bills?


Absolutely not. Every month the $5 tier gets a full length episode. The $10 tier gets the full length episode plus a mini episode, and the $20 tier gets the full length episode, the mini episode, and a special piece of content that's different every month. So to answer the question once and for all, but what are the episodes like for the rest of the summer in celebration of the fans? Every Thursday we're gonna be releasing an episode from the Fan Club Vault. If, you like what you hear? Go to the link in the show notes and try it out. If, you sign up directly through our website. You can use code free summer and new members get to join whatever tier you want for free all of July and August.


So today I'm gonna give you one of our most recent full length fan club episodes so you can see what you're missing out on. Enjoy Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm m Britt. And not to spoil the ending, but this story ends with me not knowing what to believe. This is the story of Charles Chuck Morgan In February of 1977, Ruth Morgan is getting concerned about her husband Chuck.


He's not missing or dead, she sees him every day, but something is up with him and he won't tell her what. And it's little things or little to her anyway, like one day he comes home with a bulletproof vest carrying two newly purchased guns. Now Ruth knew that he was on the rifle team back in college, but he hadn't carried guns on him in years and the vest just seems like a little over the top At first she just kind of chalks it up to maybe this new job he'd just gotten as president of statewide Escrow Service Inc. In Arizona. This new role is like a huge deal, but with all the new responsibilities, Chuck seems stressed, maybe even a bit paranoid. Are There a lot of security risks that come with this job?


Not that Ruth knows of, but there's like nothing else she can point to that she thinks would make him afraid for his safety. Again, it could just be him picking up an old hobby. Who knows? Like I said, he didn't wanna talk about it, so she just kind of let him do his own thing and things in the home were a little tense. Sure, but they stuck to their normal routine and operated as best they could. So some time was going by and I'm sure things that once stood out as odd just kind of became their new norm and faded into the background. That is right up until Tuesday, March 22nd when Chuck dropped off two of his daughters for school and then just vanished. He doesn't show back up Wednesday or Thursday.


And Did Ruth report him missing then? No. Which at least to me is especially surprising. In light of his recent purchases and changing behavior, And I tried to find something from Ruth explaining why she didn't call police, but I can't find any instance where she talks about it. So I don't know what's going through her mind or if Chuck is prone to disappearing. But the next couple of days she just kind of tries to like, you know, keep life moving. She's got kids to worry about whatever. Well fast forward to Friday, March 25th. Ruth is asleep in bed when she's woken up by her dog barking at around two in the morning. So she gets up, she walks to the back door of her house in Tucson, Arizona and before she even gets there, she hears this thumping sound.


So she opens the door and there with his hands tied together by some plastic handcuffs is her 39-year-old husband Chuck. He has another cuff around one of his ankles and he's missing a shoe. I mean frankly, this guy looks like hell, But, but he's alive. He's alive, but he's frantically pointing to his neck and he won't speak a word. Now Ruth's having a hard time taking all this in in her 2:00 AM sleep filled haze. She asks if he can talk and he shakes his head no. So she runs, she grabs a pen and paper and he writes down that his captors had put some kind of hallucinogenic drug on his throat and that if he swallowed it could cause irreversible damage to his nerves.


What I know what, just when you think you've heard it all some cases can still surprise you. Now Ruth is like f this. I don't know how to handle this situation. I'm calling the police. But according to an Unsolved Mysteries episode, Charles like shakes his head and he picks up the pen again and he writes down that if she did, she'd be quote, signing a death warrant for the entire family. And that stops Ruth in her tracks. She and Chuck have four daughters together and she's not willing to do anything that puts them in danger. So now her only priority is to make sure her husband doesn't swallow whatever this hallucinogenic drug is.


Okay, But how Patients and an eye dropper question mark, like apparently she's giving him water with an eye dropper, trying to make sure that the drug doesn't cause any serious harm, but Hallucinogenic drugs don't cause nerve damage. And even if it did, couldn't it still be getting into his bloodstream? There's a lot about this part. I don't understand. There's no indication in any of the source material I have of what this drug is or, or how it's like painted on or coated onto this or I don't, I truly have no idea like what they're even trying to do with this eyedropper method. I guess she's like testing if it's real, like seeing him maybe like if small amounts go down his throat, does he have any kind of reaction?


And it seems like he doesn't because he makes it through the rest of that first night. And while Ruth spends the next week making sure he isn't affected by this drug long term, she starts thinking back on all of that odd behavior from the few weeks prior. So In all these little notes he's writing, he hasn't told her what's Up? No, not yet. And, I have to believe that like Ruth and Chuck have a very different relationship than me and Eric because I'd have been like, I'm not eye drop, ring that outta your throat until you pick up that goddamn pen and tell me what the hell is going on. Yeah, Especially if our family could be in danger. What I know, and I'm sure, I'm sure it's not like she never asked. I'm sure she did.


But apparently Chuck couldn't speak at all. And the only things he'd written down were really vague, vague things like he worried about them doing something to his family without ever actually telling Ruth who they were. Well at least that's how it starts. But about a week into all of this, Chuck finally drops a bomb on Ruth that sends her spiraling. He tells her or you know, writes down on his little paper whatever, that he is, not who she thinks he is. He writes that he's an agent for the federal government and he's been working for them for almost three years.


And Ruth is reeling. I mean, she's trying to process what he's writing, saying whatever. I mean she's rethinking their entire 18 year marriage together. Yeah, but even if this is true, it doesn't totally explain away his odd behavior because what he's saying doesn't make sense before his voice is back to normal. He writes down a another claim that confuses Ruth even more. He writes that they took my treasury identification and when Ruth presses on what he means, he doesn't elaborate. In fact, he never gives Ruth anything else to go off of. So whatever Chuck is involved in, it isn't new apparently.


But Ruth says she knows nothing about it. And unfortunately once Chuck is better, he doesn't really give her any more information. What I know, I don't know if he tells her it's for her own safety or again, if this is just like old school marriage, I mean when I say this happened in the seventies, I'm always like, oh, this was like 30 years ago. No, this was 50 years ago. Like women couldn't even open a bank account without their husband's signature until three years before this whole thing. So we're not considered equal partners in the home at this time, you know what I mean? So basically make the meals look pretty and pretend everything's fine Ruth. And that's kind of what she did.


Even when her whole world seems to be falling apart, even though Chuck continues acting strange and keeping things to himself himself. So as you can imagine, things are tense in the Morgan household. Chuck seems to be growing even more nervous. He's always watching his back. He's on edge about his girls going to school after the kidnapping or his disappearance or whatever. He implements this new rule that only he can take their daughters to school. He doesn't trust anyone else to do it anymore. Which probably has Ruth stressed af especially because during this time he's also changing up his appearance. He lets his beard grow out even though he's always kept his face clean.


Shaven, And I can imagine her stress reaches an all time high when on May 4th, Chuck is subpoenaed to testify for the state in Phoenix, seemingly out of nowhere, oh at least for Ruth. But when he gets the subpoena, he still won't tell her what is going on. He just says that it is a very secret probe and that's it. He gives nothing about the investigation or how he's involved in it. I mean, I know it's a bit of a trope for like when men wanna tell secrets, they just say they're in the ccia A and no one asks them any questions. But like, is that what's actually going on here? I don't know. And I don't know. Even when you're in the ccia A like, do do your, does your family really not know what your life is?


I feel like they know you work for the CIA, they might not get to know anything, but that's, that's the hard part for me to wrap my head around. I again, If, you wanna get really conspiratorial, which I always tend to like go there. Not that I like stay there, but I'm like, does Ruth know what's going on? But like she is is like in full family protection mode. She's Also kind of working for the CIA by not saying anything, right? Yeah, we're not, we're not telling the story about Chuck 'cause it ended well for him. Like maybe she's just like, listen, I like I'm, I'm gonna pretend to know nothing that nothing has ever indicated that. I just, to your point, like I don't know if he's working for some big agency, And I don't know how that infiltrated his life. But anyways, he gets this subpoena The following week he goes to testify, but after he gets home he's more on edge than ever.


But still just as tight-lipped over the course of about a month. Chuck's doing who knows what, like literally who knows because I can't exactly find in the source material what he's doing during this time, but his behavior's getting more erratic And Ruth notices that he's always like scribbling away on these papers, seemingly making records of things or or taking record of everything he's doing seeing, I don't know. And she doesn't get to see the papers. Like the only tidbit of information Chuck gives her is that he's been keeping tabs on politicians in Tucson and he's got a lot of dirt. And he says that's why the family needs to be extra careful.


If she could just take a peek at those papers, maybe she would finally understand what was going on or if she should be more worried than she already is, even though that doesn't even feel possible. But it is possible. According to the Tucson citizen on June 7th at 7:00 AM Ruth watches Chuck leave to take one of their daughters to school, but then just like almost three months before he never comes home,


Your furniture helps make your house a home. So you should treat it like part of the family. The high performance fabric from the Ashley store is the perfect way to show your sofa and recliners some love. It is stain resistant wear and tear proof and treated with UV protection to keep colors from fading in the sun. I got these massive blue chairs for one of the apartments at the audio check office. And I am obsessed. Two could cozy up in this thing. One would fit perfectly into an apartment as an accent piece. And two chairs can hold their own in a grand room of a house. And the fabric cushion covers are removable, washable, and quick drying, making it easier to clean and maintain your beautiful furniture even when it feels like your kids and pets are trying to constantly destroy it like mine. So when spills dirt, muddy paws, or sticky little fingers make a mess. Don't stress the Ashley Store's high performance Fabric has your back shop in store or online@ashley.com. Ashley, for the love of Home


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X card. What's in your wallet terms apply lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


That night Ruth goes to bed worried, worried about Chuck and worried about calling the police since he told her that they, whoever they were, would've killed the whole family. If she'd called last time, he disappeared. But something in her tells her to report him missing anyway. So I'm assuming though this isn't explicitly said in the source material that she is the one who goes to the Tucson Police Department the next day, which would've been Wednesday, June 8th. After they take the report, all she's left to do is wait and hope that he shows up like last time. But three days come and go and Chuck's still not back four days, five, then nine days after his disappearance, Ruth gets a strange call.


The woman on the other end never identifies herself. In fact, all she says is quote Ruthie Chuck is all right, Ecclesiastes 12, one through eight and Britt, I'm gonna need you to do what Ruth does when that call ends. Like, I'm gonna need you to go get your Bible girl. Okay, You told me to bring it to this recording. And I was like, I have questions. There's a, Again, there's a lot of firsts. Okay, so this passage goes, remember your creator in the days of your youth before the days of trouble come and the years approach when you will say, I find no pleasure in them before the sun and the light and the moon and the stars grow dark and the clouds return after the rain when the keepers of the house tremble and the men stoop when the grinders cease because they are few and those looking through the windows grow dim when the doors to the street are closed and the sound of grinding fades when people rise up at the sound of birds.


But all their songs grow faint. When people are afraid of heights and of dangers in the streets, when the almond tree blossoms and the grasshopper drags itself along and desire no longer is stirred, then people go to their eternal home and mourners go about the streets. Remember him before the silver cord is severed and the golden bowl is broken before the pitcher is shattered at the spring and the wheel broken at the well and the dust returns to the ground it came from and the spirit returns to God who gave it. And then the final verse just says Meaningless. Meaningless says the teacher, everything is meaningless. Now If, you could translate that please. Sure. So Ecclesiastes is like this book of reckoning and wisdom that's kind of being passed on.


And this passage specifically is kind of like a return to God before you grow old and also return to God before the world ends kind of passage. Okay? So again, this woman calls, she says, Ruthie Chuck is all right. And then basically return to God before the world ends. Like yes, that's, that's the call. Yeah, I mean I, I guess I'm, I'm not asking, I'm telling you, but like Right, so she called her Ruthie, you haven't called her Ruthie at all. Is that like a pet name that Chuck has for her or you know, like a nickname that only like her friends and family would call her? I don't know about family or close friends. I do know that Ruth tells the Tucson citizen later that Chuck never called her Ruthie.


She says he never even really called her Ruth like he would call her honey or dear. So maybe this woman's just pulling it out of nowhere. But it doesn't make Ruth, at least from what I've read, it doesn't make Ruth seem like this woman like really knows her. You know what I mean? Right. Like calling her Ruthie isn't making Ruth feel more comfortable or at ease or anything like that. Yeah and and honestly like nothing about this call does, I mean it is, it almost means nothing to her. It's so cryptic. Well and she's not just taking this woman's word that Chuck's okay though, right? Like she's calling the police telling them about this call. She just filed the missing person's report like last Week. Yeah, no, that's not what happened. She didn't actually tell anyone about this call at the time.


I mean she didn't even want to report him missing in the first place because she's so afraid for her family's safety. So And I mean to be fair, like getting this call, you could argue it either way. Like some people could say like, I mean it, it seems like a hoax. It seems like it doesn't mean anything. But she doesn't tell the police in the end. She's still just waiting, hoping that police are on it. Like they're figuring out what's going on. Then she'll hear more and they are, even without knowing about the phone call, investigators are taking Chuck's disappearance seriously. According to the Tucson citizen by now, detectives have learned that he was last seen at around 12:40 PM on the seventh. So about five and a half hours after he left his house at like when he was dropping the girl off for school, he was seen near North Craycroft Road.


They talked to one of his coworkers who must have told them that Chuck was out that way. And they said that he had called them to give him a heads up that he's gonna be back in 30 minutes. But then his coworkers say that he never showed back up and that's the last time they heard from him. So pretty quickly, detectives are at a dead end too. They know when he was last seen, but that's kind of it. I'm not sure what else they did. But their mystery was about to get a little bit of a break. It's been 10 days since he was reported missing. And on Saturday June 18th, police get a call about a body that has been found on the side of the road. Passerbys say that they came across a deceased male on the highway right off of us 86, about 40 miles west of Tucson.


When police arrive on the scene, they see that the man is wearing a suit. He's wearing a bulletproof vest and cowboy boots. Now I don't have anything in the source material about how he's identified, but it seems like pretty quickly they know that they found Chuck Morgan and it appears that he's been shot in the head and he's lying right near his vehicle, which might actually be how they identify him. But I don't know How long has he been lying there though? Well actually not long because I mean this is a remote area. Yeah, but it was still a main highway. And. I mean, I'm guessing. People traveled along it frequently and even just the state of the body tells them that whatever happened here actually was pretty recent. So it's not like he's been out there the full 10 days, but they will have to wait for the medical examiner to give them like a real time of death.


Now what they can tell is to them it looks like he'd been killed right there at the scene there's a 3 57 Magnum revolver lying near his left hand with an obvious gunshot wound at the top of his head. And as they look around, they find a pair of sunglasses nearby and about $10, I'm assuming in his wallet or pockets. But it doesn't say. And then when they search his car, they find two CB radios, a police monitor and a few weapons including a saw off shotgun and a pistol. And then in the back of the car detectives find a package of plastic handcuffs, A plot twist.


Yeah, but that's not all reporting for the Arizona Daily Star says detectives find something that looks like a piece of a tooth inside of a white handkerchief in the back of his car. But they don't know if it belongs to Chuck or someone else. Which to me is like a big question like can't we just Open his mouth and see if he's missing a piece of a tooth? That was my first thought. Yeah. And then they also find an assortment of like scribbled notes all over Chuck's car. Some of the notes appear to be telegrams from Switzerland, England, and Mexico regarding the purchasing and selling of millions of ounces of gold. Is that what Ruth saw him writing too? I mean, I don't know for sure. Maybe I I don't think so though because I think the telegrams would've been typed, right?


Or am I making that up? Like I'm sure I know nothing about telegrams. Well either way the things that they don't find are any clothes or toiletries or anything that would make it seem like he planned to be away for 11 days. And you said that it didn't look like he'd been out there very long. Right. So where has he been And how has he been taking care of himself? Does he have any like defensive wounds that they can see? Like are there signs of a struggle around the car? No signs of a struggle. And I was actually just about to get to what BME found. So to answer your question, there were no defensive wounds. His autopsy showed that he hadn't even been dead for 12 hours when they found him and he had died from a gunshot wound to the head.


The medical examiner finds that he was shot in the back of the head and that the bullet lodged in his mouth. But the bullet is two damaged to determine through initial testing if it came from the weapon detectives found next to Chuck. So they have to send it off to the FBI crime laboratory to see if they could gather any results. But that angle he was shot at like in the back of the head means that his death clearly looks like a homicide. Now there's really nothing else of note found when examining his body, but they did find something when preparing his body for examination. The Emmy found it when they were undressing Chuck. So there was this $2 bill pinned to his underwear and it had writing.


I know it had writing on both sides and on the front just to the left, there is this list of Spanish last names and they're listed alphabetically, Acevedo, Beano, Karo Duarte, Encinas Fuente and grads And I. Keep reading that. Ecclesiastes 12 is written at the top of that list. But I actually have a picture of this bill. I'm gonna put it in the blog post. I can maybe see Ecclesiastes and then maybe there's again, it was really hard for me to see, I had to have like other people try and like point this out. There's maybe this little 12 right under the E and then there are these arrows pointing to a number one and a number eight on the Bill's serial number.


What is up with this Bible passage? I believe, I don't know that this is like referencing it 'cause it's so bonkers. But honestly my biggest question here is why is this pin to his underwear? Dude, I know. This is what I like was like couldn't let go. It had to be in my mind, done by him. Like Something he wants to keep safe. 'cause there's other cash that they find like at the scene. It's not with the other money, it's not with other notes. I, yeah, I was gonna say I don't think it's about the the money, I think it's about what was written on it, right? He wanted to have like some message that, I mean he clearly thought something was gonna happen to him in his last days and he didn't want people finding that. But like then why couldn't you have written on a normal piece of paper And there's notes all over his car.


Yeah. Are those not also cryptic? Is this one more cryptic? Like what's the difference between this writing and that writing? What are these names? I, oh my God, I feel, or you know, there's someone who pinned it because they were trying to send a message afterwards. I, I truly don't know. But the fact that it is pinned, you could go either way. And, I can, I can talk about this forever but I need to keep going the story because I still have a lot to tell you and things only get stranger and stranger. So buckle up. So that's on the front of the bill. On the back there's what looks like a map question mark. Like there's some road names and lines drawn on it, which basically point to the spot where Chuck is found, which is in Southwest Tucson.


And detectives confirm with Ruth that the writing on the bill is Chuck's handwriting. So I mean It doesn't help me at all. I know that it go, to me it goes back to like him being the one to pin it on his own underwear and Like wanting to have this information like not just with him but like on him. But No one seems to know what it means. So w what why like what's the point? Who's supposed to find it and what does it mean? So If, if the map is to where he was found, maybe he wrote the map to where he was going to meet someone, I don't know what the bible verse has to do with it. And why do you keep the mat? Like you're, you're headed there. Why are you pinning it to your under?


I cannot figure it out. Like I said, I have to move on so I don't, no one knows what to make with this note on his underwear. But they look at all the notes found in the car trying to determine if they were written by Chuck or someone else. Like I said, I don't know if they were typed, they determined that most of the scribbled notes are in his handwriting too. But police still plan to send them off not to see if they're his handwriting. They're pretty sure but they are looking for a psychological evaluation to help try and understand Chuck's mindset and emotional attitude at this time. But before they get those results, guess who calls Mystery Bible woman is back Bingo and she refuses to give them her real name either she only identifies herself to them as green eyes and she wants to talk to someone about Chuck.


When Chief Deputy Dupnik gets on the phone with her, she has a lot to say and a lot of it helps account for those 11 days that Chuck was missing. Green Eyes claims that she had met with Chuck many times before he died. She said they met at a local motel a few times and that Chuck told her that he was in serious trouble but he had some kind of plan. He told her that there was a contract out on his life for $90,000 and it was increasing by $5,000 every day that he was still alive. So he basically had come up with this plan to pay them off whoever they were so he could stay alive. She says he even opened this briefcase he had and showed her that it was filled with a bunch of cash and he told her that there were thousands of dollars in there.


Okay, I don't think that's how contracts for your life work, but besides that, I dunno, no one's ever put one out on me. It just seems like if someone wants you dead, they want you dead. You can't pay them off to convince them not to kill you. Does that make sense? I mean you can't pay them off but you can pay the people they hire off like they're doing everything for money, right? I Guess but that's not even the beginning of my actual questions. Okay, Fair. How did Chuck and Green Eyes meet? When did they first meet? Like what are they doing in a motel room together that seems like a, like a meetup point that was decided. How did they figure this out? I need way more backstory on green eyes. Yeah, Great questions. Not a whole lot of info on green eyes though. Of course she tells detectives that she met with Chuck at a motel four different times during the 10 day span that he has reported missing.


She says that she was seeing him socially, which I don't know, I don't know if that means something different back in the seventies or truly. They're just like friends, like it's social, it's not into, I don't know what it is. Okay. But she basically says that she was Chuck's confidant that he told everything to her like way more details than he ever seemed to tell his wife. So what she's saying is someone or someone's maybe put a hit out on Chuck. Well She's saying that Chuck told her that. Yes. Okay. But this is where it gets tricky because she doesn't clarify who the mystery they are that he keeps mentioning and she says that's because he wouldn't tell her that part. I mean how do they even verify that she's telling the truth?


I Don't know that they can, I mean in true Chuck fashion everything is very hush hush. But according to another article for Tucson citizen, the woman gave investigators enough information that I guess made them confident that she was telling the truth because I had the the same first thought. Like what if she's, what if she really is just some lady who called Ruth and is calling police because she's Gets super involved in a case that she has nothing to do with. Yeah. Inserts herself into an investigation. Not like we've ever seen that before. Yeah, but I, I think that whatever information she had that they're clearly not sharing, they're convinced that she was connected to him in some way. So Green Eyes tells the chief that the last time she saw Chuck was at the motel the Wednesday before he was found deceased and the last time she talked to him was Thursday when he asked her to call his wife and tell her that he was okay.


Yeah, I feel like green eyes like isn't like a mistress, isn't like another woman If you are asking her to call your wife to check in. Also If, you can call Green Eyes to tell her to call your wife. Why can't you just call your wife? You know the questions abound in this case. Yeah, well speaking of Ruth, remember they haven't heard anything about the call she got. So they reach out to her and they're like, Hey this woman said that she was told by your husband to call you. Did you get a call like that you didn't tell us about? And she's like, yeah, I did in fact get that call. So after speaking with green eyes over the phone, I'm sure the detectives are even more confused and all of this is starting to sound really bonkers.


But then they get a call from a government agency that may just confirm Chuck was involved in some sketchy the US Customs service calls detectives and says they've got information on Chuck Morgan. They tell him that back in 1973, customs agents worked on a criminal investigation involving Chuck. They said their investigation was related to his scam selling non-existent gold. However, they didn't have enough evidence to bring any indictments, but apparently Chuck knew about the investigation because detectives learned that he'd told a colleague that he was always looking over his shoulder and would be until the statute of limitations ran out.


But again, no more information on that. This guy was pretty vague and probably sounded incredibly paranoid to his friends. So is Chuck really an undercover agent for the US Treasury or is he someone who's mixed up with some illegal gold scams Right now? It's hard to tell Chuck's story, at least to his wife was that he was on the government side and maybe the fact that he was killed supports that. But police aren't so sure. They're wondering if maybe Chuck was the bad guy and maybe honestly this wasn't a homicide after all, they begin to wonder if Chuck's death was actually self-inflicted because they start uncovering even more unusual behavior by Chuck during his first disappearance.


Every 26 seconds a home in the US is burglarized. To avoid being the victim of crime, you need to get prepared with simply safe home security. With fast protect monitoring and live guard protection, simply safe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel anytime pricing is transparent and affordable at at less than a dollar a day with no hidden fees ever. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Wanna know what I absolutely love about SimpliSafe? I mean honestly where to start? The easy setup for one, I set up our system in three different homes. Now And I think the longest it's ever taken me was like 27 minutes. I literally timed it 'cause it was so fast, so easy. And then the comprehensive coverage, I mean the window sensors, the entry sensors, the indoor and outdoor cameras, literally the whole home is protected. And of course the incredible peace of mind. Everything from SimpliSafe gives me truly what's not to love. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ Crime Junkie. That's simplisafe.com/ Crime. Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


This show is sponsored by Better Help. I've heard it before. Comparison is the thief of joy and it's so easy to envy other people's lives. Personally, I catch myself doing it almost every day, especially when I'm scrolling on my phone just seeing everyone's lives through the pictures and videos they post. It really does feel and look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but I have to remember in reality they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible and suited to your schedule. Just. fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime Junkie today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ Crime Junkie.


So detectives had learned all about the abduction or alleged abduction that had happened before Chuck eventually disappeared and was killed. But what they find in their own investigation of that doesn't quite align with the version of events that Chuck told Ruth during those few days in March that Chuck said he'd been held hostage. There were actual witnesses that had spotted him in Tucson when he was supposed to be in Phoenix. Was He with green eyes during the first disappearance? I don't think so. I feel like that would've come up. But also they're holding a lot of stuff back about her so I, I don't know nothing says. And this is during the same time period that he had told Ruth he'd been handcuffed, drugged and threatened.


Yeah and then they find out after his second disappearance that he was spotted twice out on the town. And which that part isn't a huge surprise like 'cause we've got green eyes saying she's seen him multiple times and they don't specify who their witnesses are or whatever. They just say that they confirmed that he was at a local financial institution and he stayed at a motel that again presumably where he met up with green eyes. So all of that combined with the fact that they found those plastic handcuffs in his car. Investigators aren't super convinced that Chuck was even really kidnapped, although it does seem like he'd been telling people close to him that he was afraid for his life because of what he said during his testimony in May.


But even though he's telling people that, he's never telling them what it was that he said. So like part of his story's true, part of it seems to not be true. Okay, So I have to ask, was there really even ever a testimony like has anyone looked into that yet? Well they do and at first it seems like it's BS because they find out that he lied to good old green eyes. He told her that he was being targeted because of a testimony he'd given in Washington DC. But detectives do end up figuring out that he gave some kind of testimony in Phoenix. There's no record of him even going to dc. But then just when you think Chuck made some of this up or he's having some kind of mental break, they talked to State Attorney General Bruce Babbitt and Bruce says that Chuck did give a sworn deposition for an investigation involving the state banking department.


And it actually is super secret. He says he can't disclose the specifics of what that is they're investigating. but he can tell them that Chuck was offered physical protection because of his testimony. Why Didn't he take it? No one says, and that's pretty much all Bruce can say. Okay, lemme make sure I have everything. I'm Obsessed with this case. I know There was a secret testimony that Chuck was legally required to be a part of and it involved a case that might require witnesses to need actual physical protection that he was offered. And he said no Chuck, Yes There's a gold scam that might be related but might not be related.


Yes. And Chuck believed there was a hit out on him again making denying the physical protection weird. But like he still believed this, that he was in physical danger. Is that, is that, is that everything is that Was is that everything? Yeah, is that all? It's some, no. Well, so that that I can answer. No, that's not all. This case doesn't get any less complicated from here because more players become involved while the Pima County Sheriff's Department is investigating Chuck's death. The FBI joins into because he wasn't just found on the side of the road, he was actually on the Tono Odom reservation, which is federal land and that means the FBI is launching their own investigation, not just into Chuck's death though.


They're also looking into the case that he gave a sworn deposition for. So now that the FBI is involved, things are getting even weirder. Ruth tells local investigators that three weeks after her husband's death, two men claiming to be FBI agents knocked on her door, flashed some badges and then barged their way in searching all over the house. They never told her why they were there or what they were looking for. They just tore through everything looking for something. And it all happened so fast that she didn't get their names or anything. So who knows if these, I mean were really from the FBI, I mean to this day no one has been able to verify that.


But it kind of seems like whoever they were, if they were agents or not, they didn't find what they were looking for. So Ruth was just left to clean up a ransacked home. Now I don't know if what happened next is related or not, but around this same time, Chuck's car, which is impounded and in the possession of local authorities is broken into. Oh, which is a bold move. Yeah. And then his office gets searched too By FBI agents. No clue. I mean like there's nothing in the source material that indicates any of these searches are done by real agents. But like someone is clearly looking for something right now. Meanwhile detectives at the Pima County Sheriff's Department are only getting more and more confused.


Oh, same. And that's when detectives get a call from someone claiming to be the quote husband of Green Eyes and he tells them that Chuck was in business with some shady individuals and they were all buying gold bars and coins in Mexico for some kind of fraudulent reasons. So He's kind of backing up with the customs agents told detectives earlier, but who is they all, like who is doing this with him? The man just says his associates. But detectives at the sheriff's department aren't able to identify, I mean they, they don't know who Green Eyes is, so they don't know who the husband of Green Eyes is. So they're not even able to follow up with any of these claims, which then makes you wonder if it's real or not.


I mean I'm beginning to wonder if Green Eyes is even real like they've never interviewed her in real life, right? Like this is all done over the phone. I know. That's why like after all these years, I wish they would like say what it is she gave them that made them so sure. Because everything that's been released, I'm like, to me nothing's connecting her to Chuck other than her own word. And we don't know who she is. I assume there has to be something, but you never know. I don't. Maybe there's not. So anyways, a couple of months go by and Chuck's investigation is seemingly going nowhere. But in mid-August, the sheriff's department makes a shocking announcement. They say that their findings indicate that Chuck was not murdered out in the desert because of some secret state testimony.


Instead they ruled that he died by suicide and they closed the investigation just Like that. Just like that. And with this explanation, apparently they found in his financial records that he had debts over $40,000, which in today's money would be like $200,000. And they say he had taken out a third mortgage on his home. So the only liquid assets that he had left were about $400 in cash. Okay, but for how long though? And did they ever find the briefcase of money that Green Eyes said she saw? I mean this all seems so confusing, like why have potentially all this cash but still only like legally have $400 But you're majorly in debt.


Yeah, I know they, I know they found so the briefcase of cash that she said he had, they found a briefcase. It wasn't Chuck's typical one that he took everywhere. Actually that one's never been found interestingly enough. Oh. But the briefcase that they found didn't have any money in it. It just had like some papers and stuff. But the one with papers in it seems to be the one that green Eyes described to them. So we do know that like it's his, but for some reason the money that Green Eyes saw and it is no longer here and neither is his like everyday bag. Yeah. One of the big questions I had was around the money, you know, they're like, oh he had $40,000 in in debt.


And I'm like, okay, yeah but like how recently is this something that had happened over the span of years or did he like drain his account and take a third mortgage out at his house in the time when everything is happening and he's saying there's a hit on his life that gets $5,000 more expensive every single day and he's trying to pay someone off. Like if, if it all happens in a short amount of time, to me that's more evidence of a murder. Not not less. You know what I mean? Right. Like did he just like slowly find himself in over his head or is he in debt because he did that deliberately trying to save his own life? Right. But at least according to the police, they say that due to the financial struggles due to the empty briefcase, there's just no evidence that there was a contract out on his life.


And based on the fingerprints and footprints at the scene, the sheriff's investigators seemed to determine that there was no one else out there in the desert with Chuck. They also say that hey, we checked with the treasury department, the FBI, the DEA along with other federal agencies and we can't find any evidence that Chuck was an undercover agent or informer for any of them. Granted, would they ever tell anyone? Right? Like I don't, I don't know, but I don't think so. I feel like that's a pointless statement. Yeah. And then they also say that they'd gotten the results from the bullet back and the FBI had found that it did in fact come from a 3 57 Magnum revolver. Plus they say he had large amounts of gunshot residue on his left hand, which sheriff's investigators say is the hand that he used to shoot himself in the top of the head.


Well wait, I thought the me confirmed he was shot in the back of the head. How? How is it now the top? Yeah, that's strange, right? Like, I mean no one ever explains that little switcheroo either, but the me doesn't agree with the sheriff's investigator's findings. Like they're like listen, you know, even if it's like you don't wanna say homicide, I'm saying it's unknown. Like there's no way to rule it a homicide. Sure. But there's also no way to rule it a suicide 'cause there just isn't enough information. All the me can really say is that Chuck was shot in the back of the head. It just happened to be near the top at an angle where the bullet got lodged behind his front teeth. So I don't know if it is a switcher or if it's just like they're just kind of cutting the same thing different ways or It's strange though.


I think it's possible he could have taken his own life at that angle, like top back of his head. But why it would've been difficult. But why take your own life over some debt when someone's already like potentially trying to kill you or you think that, or you've told enough people about that? Like people are saying that about you. I mean more than that. I don't know why you even would stage it as a suicide. I guess what I'm saying is that there's no world where he does it 'cause the gun's gonna still be there. I'm like, I'm like having a hard time even like processing this in my head. I'm Sorry. You can't hide your own body essentially is what you're saying. Yeah. Or like the gun's gonna be there. Yeah. So it's not like I understand like if he's like, oh I'm gonna like take my left hand, I'm gonna like put it at the top of my head so it looks like someone else did it, but then the gun's gonna be right there if there is no one else, right?


So like setting it up doesn't make sense to me. And then it only makes sense to do the back of your head if you're trying to set it up. I think that's what I was trying to get at is like if If, you just went out there to take your own life, you don't have to do it with your left hand at the top of your head. And the left hand is important because Ruth says that her husband was right-handed. She said he literally couldn't do anything with his left hand. And a colleague of Chuck's also comes forward and says that he only knew Chuck to write with his right hand as well. And it's interesting 'cause the ME also claims that the Sheriff's Department detectives didn't find any evidence that put the murder weapon in Chuck's hands. Oh, What about the gunshot residue?


So there was gunshot residue on his left hand, but I guess there weren't any of Chuck's fingerprints on the gun. So there's some residue, but technically they can't prove he held the gun. But a sheriff's deputy has an answer for that. He says that all the blood and dirt on the gun was why there weren't any fingerprints. So it seems like it's over, but just because the sheriff's department is calling it over doesn't mean the FBI is or even the Pima County deputy attorney for that matter. By the next year in January, 1978, James Howard, the Deputy County attorney in charge of white collar criminal investigations makes it clear that their office thinks there are obvious motives for this to be a homicide like retaliation for that secret testimony.


And this is where the plot thickens. Hi there. I'm A PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often owned by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middlemen paid for by pharma.


Buying jewelry is a dream scenario whether for yourself or a loved one, but the shopping process can be overwhelming, leaving you unsure about such a significant purchase. That's where Blue Nile steps in to provide the confidence you need with thousands of independently graded diamonds and fine jewelry pieces. At prices far below traditional retail Blue Nile offers exceptional value. There are high industry standards give you the peace of mind you deserve when making a serious investment. Whether you're seeking a classic white gold tennis bracelet or some stylish diamond huggy hoops to elevate your everyday style, Blue Nile expert team is available 24 7 to guide you through the process. From technical questions to budget suggestions, they are here to help you find the perfect piece that fits your needs. The best part, you can shop with confidence. Knowing Blue Nile backs every purchase with a 30 day return policy and a diamond price match guarantee buying jewelry is so timeless and classic and for me so overwhelming. But truly, every time I've shopped with Blue Nile, it's such a streamlined process. The Blue Nile expert team are like my very own jewelry concierge, making sure I get exactly what I want. Experience the ease and convenience of shopping at Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to Blue Nile dot com today. That's Blue Nile dot com.


So after some time they end up getting more information about the secret testimony that Chuck gave. It seems like Chuck was backed into a corner and was forced to do it. If he'd refused to testify, the state was gonna deny him a license, which would've jeopardized his new role at statewide escrow. So Chuck did end up testifying and investigators learn that it was about illegal transactions by the former owner of the Bonko International de Arizona, which is a bank in Arizona. And these dealings, I guess like Chuck, played a pretty big part in them. He had allegedly written bad checks from the company that he worked for at the time, Western Title.


And those checks funded the takeover of the bank and gave full control to this guy named David Callie. And then these bad checks all lead to a deeper probe into land fraud happening in Arizona. You. see, at the time of checks death, Arizona was a blind trust state in real estate. So basically the law back then in Arizona only made it impossible to track land purchases and the only person to know who owned what land was the escrow agent that managed the deal. If it was done like in a blind trust and Chuck was the escrow agent for some pretty prominent people. Chuck allegedly helped the Ned Warren family in Phoenix and the Joe Bonano family in Tucson.


Two very prominent organized crime families with their escrow accounts. So he would have been the only one with record or knowledge of what they were up to. The Arizona Daily Star reports that those notes he was always scribbling down were about prominent people in Tucson and included details on alleged land and gold deals. And in addition to this note, keeping Chuck's new position as president of statewide escrow was somehow seen as a threat to some people. Now, I don't know exactly who those people were, but it seems like Chuck knew about these feelings of animosity, which could have honestly led to his paranoia.


An employee at statewide even said that Chuck wouldn't even sit with his back to a window because he was so afraid. So he truly believed there was a hit out on him. I mean, that's what it sounds like. I don't, it doesn't seem like he was making it up, or if he did, the guy wins an Oscar. So maybe someone was after Chuck, it just might not have been government officials. Like there. Maybe there's a world where it's all a little bit true. Maybe Chuck was into some shady stuff. Maybe he flipped and was then working for the government and these, you know, mafia members or organized crime or someone like got like figured it out. He, you know, he's now testifying against people. It's, it's pretty obvious he turns down his protection that he's offered and those people are the ones after him.


Now, those same colleagues that had told them Chuck was super afraid. Apparently it comes out that Chuck had even talked to some of his other colleagues about his involvement with the mafia. And when those colleagues finally come forward to investigators, they say, he told them that when he first disappeared in March of 77, he'd had seven platinum bars stolen from the trunk of his car, which would've been worth over $250,000 today. Oh my God. Now he never told Ruth any part of that, like of his story, though Chuck had only told a few close acquaintances. So long story short, all of this really boils down to all of Chuck's notes and records that he seemingly kept everywhere in his car, in his office, in his house.


I mean, he had so many notes that investigators called him a collector and they find that these notes are very detailed on all the gold and land deals that Chuck had witnessed or been a part of, which Kind of defeats the purpose of a blind trust ownership if people were exploiting and maybe didn't want any of that documented. Exactly. And Chuck wasn't necessarily keeping all the information to himself. I mean, he was telling his colleagues, his wife, pretty much everyone he talked to that he had some pretty damning and potentially embarrassing information on Tucson politicians. But I thought Ruth was in the dark, like she seemed totally surprised by what was happening with Chuck. Sorry, I should clarify. So she, she was totally in the dark, she says, but as he started telling her those little things, he apparently told her that he had damning information.


Remember one of the first notes that he wrote her that he had dirt? Right, right, right, right. but he never told her what the information was or who they were, even though the FBI and the Pima County's attorney's office keep investigating Chuck's death after the Sheriff's Department closed the case, it seems like things still just end up going cold. There's really no news or reports on the other two investigating agency's findings or what they end up determining. Like nothing's ever released about the land fraud probe. There's no mention of gold scams being busted. I don't know if they don't find out anything or if they're trying to keep things hush hush while they put like together a bigger case. But like spoiler alert, it's 2024, no news ever comes from it. And so even back then, a few years go by and it's just quiet.


It seems like Chuck was involved with a few different things that could have gotten him in trouble. But I think the big questions are, is his death connected to the government? Is it connected to the mafia or did he really take his own life like the sheriff's department wants to take, I'm sorry, I vote not option number three, I vote same. But those were the questions that Unsolved Mysteries brings up. When they highlighted his case in 1990, they lay out the CONSPIRACY surrounding his death and Ruth shares her story including what was happening leading up to his death. But there's also an investigative journalist on there, this guy named Don Devereaux. Before the episode, Don was investigating Chuck's death and he tried to do a public information request from the FBI to find more information about their 1977 investigation into Chuck.


But surprise, surprise, the FBI claims to have no such information. What almost like Chuck's case never existed and was never investigated. And to Don it's all very strange that they just pretend his case didn't even exist even though it's been like 13 years at that point. Well regardless, Don shares his findings and his questions on the show, but after the episode airs, things start spiraling outta control. Alright, Britt, so just to disclaim where we're about to go down a bit of a red rabbit hole, so buckle in, get your tinfoil hat on and prepare your brain. Can't salt. So Don had been trying to uncover a motive for Chuck's death and he thoroughly believed he'd found it.


He thinks it's connected to the records that Chuck kept of illegal land transactions and potential gold scans happening in Tucson, which is like kind of where we're all at at this point. So after the Unsolved Mysteries episode airs on May 14th, 1990, a man named Doug Johnston is found dead inside his Toyota station wagon with a gunshot wound to his head. Now Doug Johnston is found in the parking lot of his new job, which sits right across the street from Don's house, and apparently his car and Don's car kind of look alike and it makes me wonder if Doug and Don might have looked alike as well. The Arizona Republic only reports that they had similar builds and then both had a beard.


So I don't know, but maybe the location of the car were enough for whoever to mistakenly shoot Doug thinking that they were shooting Dawn. And according to Dawn, the whole thing was staged to look like a suicide, but there was no gun next to Doug. He was alone in his car with a gunshot wound to the head. Yet investigators jumped to a possible suicide and then ultimately rule his cause of death as undetermined. But Don is not convinced. He's pretty sure that his digging into Chuck's death and organized crime in the Phoenix area really ruffled some feathers. Did this Doug guy have a family? What did they make of this ruling?


Yeah, so his family say they strongly believe that he didn't take his own life. I guess he had just gotten a new job, things were looking up for him. So they believed he had a lot to look forward to. So it just didn't make sense to them. And sure, maybe it's all a coincidence and Doug's death has nothing to do with Dawn. But a year after Doug's death in 1991, Dawn gets a call from Danny Casara, a writer in DC wanting to learn more about Chuck's case. So Dawn prepares the research that he's found on Chuck's involvement in the gold scans and the illegal transactions. But before he can even mail out these documents, he hears that Danny's been found dead in his hotel room under mysterious circumstances.


Unfortunately, police never really inspect the scene. Someone allowed the hotel staff to come in and just clean the room subsequently destroying any potential evidence of a homicide. And according to the Unsolved Mysteries episode on Danny, there was two bloody towels. And to the housekeepers it looked like someone tried to wipe blood off the bathroom floor. So despite what looks like a second person was at the scene, or at least what housekeeping says, looks like that police end up ruling Danny's death a suicide, and they close the case. But Danny's family say there was no indication that Danny would have done that, and also he hated the sight of blood.


It made him sick. So there's no way he would've chosen to end his life that way. So Dawn immediately believes that Danny's death is a murder and related to what he's found in Chuck's case. But I don't know if I believe the Chuck's case part. So according to an editorial piece by Mary McGrory for the standard star, Chuck's death isn't the only CONSPIRACY that Danny was investigating. He had spent the past year researching some deep corruption in the federal government involving money laundering, spyware and the Reagan administration. And he believed he'd found some incriminating information. He even told his family and friends that he had just one more interview and the case would be cracked.


So it might have had to do with a completely different case all together, but you can't convince me that it was a suicide, mostly because like we can't even look at his body like this is the part I can't ignore. Police declared his death a suicide and had his body embalmed before they ever even notify his family of his death. No, no way. Do not like that. Not okay. So many reasons I know. No, I mean literally everything in Danny's case was handled incorrectly and his death might have been a coverup, but was it connected to Dawn or Chuck? I don't know. It seems unlikely considering everything else he was looking into.


However, the Arizona Republic reports that six months after Danny's death, Dawn claims that this reporter with CIA sources comes to him and says that there is a hit put out on him. And this reporter says they're pretty sure Doug's death was an accident because they were targeting Dawn, but no one has ever backed this information up. And in the same article that mentions the hit put out on him also says that quote, others who knew Dawn Devereaux say he is a zealous researcher who sometimes gets blinded by flawed CONSPIRACY theories. End quote. So I mean I can identify with that, but there's a chance he may have just fallen too deep into kind of his own rabbit hole and frightened himself.


It's possible, but that might be something we never know. After all the drama in the nineties died down, Chuck's case goes cold again, and then it pretty much stays that way. Ruth died of cancer in 2006 and in 2010 reporting by Kimberly Mattis for the Arizona Daily Star, she says that Chuck's four daughters are still fighting to prove that their father didn't take his own life. They believe that he was murdered to protect the interests of corrupt businessmen and politicians. End quote. And his daughters feel that he had a lot of information on politicians and other government officials in Tucson and maybe even in Phoenix, and that's why they wanted to silence him.


2010 was the last public mention of Chuck Morgan. It's been over 45 years since his mysterious death. His daughters are still alive and still deserve answers. Someone somewhere out there has to know more about the conspiracies circling in Tucson and Phoenix in the seventies and eighties, and maybe that person is listening or maybe green eyes is listening, even though Chuck's case is currently inactive. If you have any information that could be helpful, please reach out to the Pima County Sheriff's Department at 5 2 0 8 8 2 7 4 6 3. Or you can submit a tip online@eighteightcrime.org.


Don't forget, If, you want more Crime Junkie episodes like this one. New members can get all of July and August free in the fan club. Head to the link in the the show notes and sign up and make sure if you're still listening to us in this feed, you hit the follow button. That way you won't miss out on any of the bonus episodes that we're gonna be putting out every Thursday, all summer long. We'll be popping back in your feed next Thursday with another vault episode. Bye. Crime Junkies. Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve?


Hi there. I'm A PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often owned by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middleman paid for by pharma.


Me and the kids were always messaging they L-O-L-I-R-O-F, ld. But then I changed phone and the bubbles went green. But where there's a fill, there's a way And I found a way to share what's in here. I'm tapping my heart. The place to safely send messages between different devices, message privately with everyone.