0 (1s):
Hi Crime junkies. Ashley and I are officially on the road and we had an amazing time at our first few shows. Thank you so much to all of the amazing crime junkies we saw last week in Indie Detroit and Nashville. If you haven't gotten your tickets for an upcoming Crime Junkie life rule number 10, tour stop yet now is the time. Trust me, you do not want to miss the chance to experience a Crime Junkie episode live and in person. While you're at it. You can now shop some of our brand new exclusive tour merch collection online right now. To grab your tickets and to shop the new merch, head to Crime Junkie podcast.com.

1 (38s):
Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers.

0 (41s):
And I'm Britt.

1 (42s):
And the story I have for you today is one of Houston's most brutal cold cases, one that still haunts the city to this day, but as we crime junkies know, cold doesn't mean unsolvable. And hopefully that's where you all come in. This is the story of Andy Atkinson and Cheryl Henry When 19-year-old Shane Henry pulls up to give her older sister Cheryl a ride to work on the morning of August 23rd, 1990.

1 (1m 42s):
She does what most teenagers do in the presale dark ages. She lays on the horn and waits. Shane's gotta get to work herself. So she's like a little peeved when she has to go inside more peeved when she realizes that Cheryl isn't even there. If she was gonna like catch a ride or not go or not be there, like a heads up would've been nice. But now Shane is running late so she kind of just like scoots without giving it much more thought. At least not until she gets a call at work that morning at around 10:00 AM and it's a friend and a coworker of Cheryl's and she wants to know where Cheryl is because she just hasn't shown. And that's when Shane's stomach drops, although she's not quite sure why, because she knows that Cheryl was out the night before with her new boyfriend, Andy Atkinson, like Shane had actually been out with them too.

1 (2m 32s):
She dipped around 11 to give the lovebirds some like time alone, some space. So in her mind the most likely scenario is that her sister just overslept or something. But still Shane can't kick this uneasy feeling. So she actually asks for permission to leave work early. She's told no though, which I feel like is pretty messed up. Yeah, like if you think your sister is missing and before long, like the whole family knows what's going on, the whole family is worried and Shane just wants to join Sheryl's friends and family who are already out there looking for her. So girl is out the door the second her shift is up racing to the family home where her mom, Barbara and her stepdad Dan are waiting anxiously Now by now hours have passed since everyone has realized that Sheryl was missing.

1 (3m 16s):
Well where's

0 (3m 17s):
Andy? Well,

1 (3m 18s):
So that's the thing. No one can find Andy either. And by the time Shane gets home, she is ready to break glass. Like, look guys, we need to call the cops. Something is wrong and Barbara doesn't need convincing. So the police are called and a missing person's report is filed and then Shane is like right back out the door ready to hit the city streets with Cheryl's friends searching for the couple and for Andy's white Honda, which they were in the night before, but nearly four hours later, they are no closer to finding them. So Shane's heart skips a beat when she walks back in and sees her mom on the phone looking worried and she can only hear one side of the conversation, but it feels bad. It's like, yes, yes, that's my daughter.

1 (4m 0s):
Where are you? We'll come right now after what feels like an eternity, Barbara hangs up and announces that it was a security guard on the phone. And I guess this guy works for a local food distributor and he called because he found Cheryl's purse with her number inside and it was on the floorboard of an abandoned white Honda. So this place that they go to, it's this really undeveloped area near the Cisco office. The Cisco is the building the security guard worked at and it's on this dark desolate street which is known to people because it's known as Lover's Lane and it also runs along this big open field leading into a big wooded area and it's popular with young locals for obvious in the name reasons.

1 (4m 45s):
And Shane says that it doesn't strike her as super weird that the couple would have gone there. I mean they're both living with family. 22-year-old Cheryl with her mom, her stepdad and her little Brady Bunch like kind of family. And 21-year-old Andy who is new to Houston, he's living with his grandmother. So in less than two weeks, Cheryl was actually planning on moving in with Shane like they were gonna move in together. But until then, privacy was a hot commodity. So heading out to Lover's Lane checks out for the couple, but what the guard hadn't found anywhere near the car was Cheryl or Andy.

0 (5m 17s):
So the security guy is like, what? Rummaging through a random car he found like that feels weird to

1 (5m 23s):
Me. I thought the same thing. But Shane actually gave us a rundown of the day and it makes a little more sense the way that she explains it. I guess the guard had found the car for the first time like way earlier in the day on his rounds, but he wasn't concerned until

0 (5m 36s):
It was still there

1 (5m 37s):
Hours later, right? And so that's when he decided to check it out and the windows were rolled down, the seats were reclined and the key was in the ignition in the idle position. Those

0 (5m 48s):
Are all very bad signs,

1 (5m 50s):
Right? Red flags, which is why he called them. So that's the scene when Cheryl's family and friends start showing up desperate to find some sign of the missing couple and right away they zero in on some cigarette butts stained with lipstick on the ground near the car. The lipstick looks a whole lot like it was Cheryl's. And when they peek inside the car, they see something that the security guard hadn't mentioned something more ominous than lipstick stains on cigarette butts. They see deep dark stains on the inside of the driver's door

0 (6m 27s):
Blood,

1 (6m 28s):
They're not sure, but it looks an awful lot like blood. So much so that they do a kind of like back away slowly kind of thing. Like the last thing they wanna do is contaminate what could be evidence. But

0 (6m 40s):
How did the security guard miss that? I mean wasn't he in the car?

1 (6m 43s):
Well, in this area there are no streetlights and it's dark by now. So my guess is that the headlights from all the cars that are now there, from everyone who came, maybe he's making it easier to see. They also probably are like bringing lights in. I don't know. Whatever they have is definitely more light than like a lone patrol car would've provided. And Andy's car battery is dead from the car being left in idle. So there probably were no overhead lights, right? Like at the time now in 1990 no one has a cell to call 9 1 1. And by the time they see all of this, the security guard is like on the other side of that big field walking the tree line with one of Cheryl's friends. They're just like searching over there. So Shane races to the Cisco building with Cheryl's best friend where they ask the front desk person to call 9 1 1 and then they wait and wait and wait for like 30 or 40 minutes.

1 (7m 33s):
But no one shows up. What? No cops, no first responders, no firetrucks, nada. So the girls have to actually go back and have them call 9 1 1 a second time and this time the response is immediate and overwhelming

0 (7m 47s):
A response like, oh there are two missing kids in a bloody car

1 (7m 50s):
Like that. Yeah. So this army of cops and first responders get to work, they search with helicopters up in the sky, they have scent track and canines on the ground like the works. And a little after 11:00 PM Shane watches a scene unfold and she told us that to this day it like plays out in her mind it is pure chaos. There's just so many people bustling around. She was like walking up to her dad in a daze when out of the corner of her eye she sees an officer say something to her mom and then she just hears this blood curdling scream. And to Shane it looks like the officer like catches her mom from falling when she howls.

1 (8m 32s):
And it's like there are no words, it's just these like guttural, primal shrieks. And Barbara actually says later in reporting for KHOU 11 that the officer holding her up is also holding her back from running towards the area across the field where there's just this like sudden flurry of activity and Shane can't even process it all. She turns to ask her dad, what's wrong? Like what happened? Why is everyone so upset all of a sudden? And I don't know if he's been briefed or if he's just like putting two and two together, but he responds with the last two words that Shane is prepared to hear. She's gone and in the blink of an eye, investigators surround them, like corralling them towards their car saying like, listen, we're so sorry but like you have to leave now.

1 (9m 14s):
This is a crime scene. And the entire family is thinking like how? How can they leave Cheryl out there but they don't have a choice So they go and investigators have to get to work. Jill Tyra reported for Wilmington Morning star that Cheryl's body had been found by a scent tracking dog about 200 yards from Andy's car, just barely into the wooded area past the field when she's found she's naked lying face down on the ground and her hands are actually bound behind her back with rope. And she has what looks like jagged wounds to her head and her neck and her throat has been slashed and her killer it seems made a half-hearted attempt to conceal her body under some pieces of like wood from this like rotting fence.

1 (9m 60s):
And then they find her clothes nearby a single $20 bill as well. Her pretty turquoise summer dress with like red accents had actually been cut from her body and Shane thinks maybe her underwear had been too. She told us, which suggests to investigators that whatever horrors Cheryl had been met with probably involved a sexual assault Now at this time that they find Cheryl, there's still no sign of Andy though as they secure the scene and get Cheryl to the morgue. Searching for him does continue but by the wee hours of the morning they decide they need to break till sunrise. This is all absolute torture for Andy's dad Garland. He got to the scene not long before Cheryl's body was found and he like set out walking the tree line too only to be hustled away almost without explanation.

1 (10m 47s):
Garland passed away actually recently in October of 2024. But I found this interview he did with Linda Sheldon fell for a series that she hosts called Moments of Hope. And when he's talking to her he gets choked up because he talks about this HPD officer who actually asked to stay at the scene until the search could pick back up at Sunrise. And he explains that at the first hint of daylight, that officer starts walking the same tree line that Garland walked multiple times the night before taking things in, looking for anything that might have been missed in the dark. I mean looking for Andy and out there all alone, it's that officer who stumbles on this grizzly scene.

1 (11m 28s):
'cause there Andy is sitting at the base of this enormous tree tied to the tree with rope, his legs like stretch out in front of him and he's facing the woods. And like Cheryl, his throat was slit so deeply though that he was nearly decapitated. When I hear all of that, my mind instantly goes to like, like the lake Waco it all right? Yeah I thought this same thing and listen for anyone who hasn't listened to our Lake Waco episode, so it was like a two-parter that we did recently. I'll try and link out to it in the notes whatever, but I agree it's got some like eerie similarities to this case. Yes. Like the second I heard about Andy, that's what I thought about. But you gotta think about this.

1 (12m 9s):
No one at the time is thinking there's a possibility of a connection because by the time Cheryl and Andy were murdered, they already had people in prison for the Lake Waco case.

0 (12m 18s):
I was gonna ask about the timing right

1 (12m 20s):
Now knowing what I know now, to me that means nothing. But back then no one is screaming serial killer. But to go back to Andy, and we can touch on this, the Waco stuff, maybe later, Andy's fully clothed, his hands are bound behind his back and where the injuries to Cheryl's neck were kind of like jagged and imprecise. I guess Andy's throat had just like one clean slash

0 (12m 43s):
And how far is he from where Cheryl was found?

1 (12m 46s):
I don't know exactly. I've seen like everything from like 75 yards to 150 yards. I don't know for sure. What I do know is that Jill Ty's report says there aren't any obvious defensive wounds on Andy. It says the same about Cheryl actually, but we actually reviewed both autopsy reports and I don't think that's actually accurate for her. Like girl went down fighting and there's this weird thing about the crime scene that I haven't mentioned. I'm not sure when investigators notice it like before or after Andy's body is found. I mean, but reporting for KHOU 11 says that a golf club and golf balls from Andy's car had been like laid out in the field in like this line that was pointing to Cheryl's body, which to me is just like extremely weird and clearly like someone wanted them to be found.

1 (13m 36s):
Yeah. Now I think it's helpful at this point if we talk through the scene in terms of like likely series of events because spoiler alert answers are hard to come by in the coming years and there's not a ton of reporting on how it all would've unfolded. The broad strokes are this, the thinking is that there's some kind of blitz attack when the two are in the car and somehow they're then taken to the tree that Andy was tied to. So

0 (14m 5s):
Theoretically it could have just been one guy but my money is on two.

1 (14m 8s):
That's something that investigators are gonna debate for years. It could be either. I think again, I think the thing that's clear is that it started with the attack on Andy in the car because of all the blood that's on the door. Either they would've had to hurt him enough to like prove a point like I'm not messing around, follow me cooperate, I have a weapon like I'm gonna walk you out. Or maybe Andy was fully incapacitated by whatever happened to him in the car, which to me that definitely means you would need multiple people to get him out to the tree and keep Cheryl cooperating, right? One way or another their hands get tied behind their back. Remember Andy doesn't have defensive wounds. So either he's cooperating because again there's a threat to hurt Cheryl or him or he's incapacitated and can't even fight back.

1 (14m 55s):
And then Cheryl either makes a run for it and they catch up to her or they walk her to a different area. But when they get her over there, they cut off her clothes, assault her and kill her there where she was found according to reporting for KHLU 11 investigators tell Garland that they do think for some reason that she was killed first. I don't know their reasoning, that's never fully explained, but that's the theory.

0 (15m 18s):
Do they get any biologics from the autopsies? Like anything that they can get DNA from?

1 (15m 22s):
Yes and yes. Even though 1990 is super early for DNA science, right? The detective who works this case the longest, this guy named Detective Billy Belk, he knows what a powerful tool DNA is shaping up to be. So from like day one he asked the higher ups to have evidence processed at this special lab that has the tech to detect DNA, which

0 (15m 44s):
Has to be a long shot and super expensive.

1 (15m 47s):
Expensive, right? You're not wrong but you know the saying you miss a hundred percent of the shots you don't take. So Detective Belk decides to shoot his and it works. He gets the okay the lab hits pay dirt, they're able to build a suspect profile from the semen in Cheryl. But downside of early days, DNA no database,

0 (16m 6s):
There's nothing to compare it to,

1 (16m 8s):
Right? No amount of evidence is gonna replace the grueling work of boots on the ground investigating. So detectives start interviewing family and friends and they start working their way out from there. Now neither family knows of anyone who would wanna hurt Cheryl or Andy. They're both really good kids. They weren't wrapped up in anything shady and everyone loved them, but Cheryl's loved ones do offer up a couple of names that pique detectives interest, let's call them Lance and Aaron. So Lance is the boyfriend of a friend that Cheryl had been kind of on the outs with recently. Dude like I guess skipped town the morning after Cheryl was found more than the town he skipped the whole country like took off for St.

1 (16m 49s):
Lucia and it seems like this was no planned holiday either. Lance's girlfriend tells him that she didn't even know anything about this trip. Like he didn't even mention that he was gonna go to St. Lucia. What? Yeah, so when detectives end up reaching him on the island, he agrees to come back to Houston. He sits down for an interview and when they ask him for a DNA sample, he's cool with that too. When the comparison gets run, Lance is ruled out, he's not their guy. Which leads me to Aaron, who ironically enough is the kid of a cop or maybe a former cop, not totally sure he is Cheryl's ex from like middle school and high school and he doesn't share Lance's cooperative spirit.

1 (17m 32s):
I'm not sure if he officially lawyers up or if he talks to investigators or any of that. All I know is that when they ask him for a DNA sample he refuses. Doesn't give a reason. Just no. Shane told us that the cop dad is straight up offended that they even would ask. So there's that. She also told us this weird story about Erin showing up at their house like the day after Cheryl died and kind of just standing there like at the end of their driveway. Like didn't say a word, didn't come any closer, just stood there. That's

0 (18m 7s):
So weird and kind of creepy

1 (18m 9s):
Detectives think so too. So does Barbara. Shane said she actually kind of got it. She told us she always liked Aaron, he'd always been decent to her sister and she's like, I think he was in shock like kinda like the rest of us. This standoff between detectives and Erin over his DNA, this goes on for years and like on the one hand totally his right, but on the other hand like you gotta know this is gonna look bad and whatcha hiding. Why not give your DNA right? Because of all the male friends and acquaintances that they approach during their investigation and in these years and there are a lot, he is the only one who won't give a sample and they're not getting hits on anyone else that they're testing.

1 (18m 51s):
And so for years everyone is side eyeing this guy. But you can't hide forever though in a lot of cases we've covered actually you can but it like it's very frustrating but not here, not with this case. Detectives again, years later finally get a warrant for Aaron's DNA hopes are high that they're about to solve this case that has haunted the city once and for all. When the results come back, everyone is probably holding their breath, but Aaron is not a match.

0 (19m 26s):
Okay? But if there was more than one killer,

1 (19m 31s):
That's a big if isn't it? And to state the obvious, that same logic applies then to all the men who have been ruled out like so far through DNA comparison, right? Like unless you've got an airtight alibi or something, which I'm, I'm sure some of them do, but I don't have insight into any of that. Who was ruled out through alibi who had an alibi when their DNA was ruled out? I don't know. All I know is at some point in the nineties the suspect profile does get entered into CODIS when CODIS becomes a thing but there are no hits and CODIS and that activity on the case, it kind of just like ebbs and flows then throughout the years. Like it picks up a little bit in the mid nineties when a reward is announced, but like nothing happens, it's just like dead end after dead end.

1 (20m 13s):
And

0 (20m 13s):
In all this time there are no like really viable suspects.

1 (20m 17s):
No. Like that's what makes this case so challenging. It truly felt completely random. Yeah, like this killer blew into town committed one of the most heinous crimes these officers would see in their careers and then was gone before the sun came up never to return again. Or at least that's how it seemed for many years. But one day in early 2001 detectives get this very strange letter in the mail and it's addressed to HPD, but the return address says Cheryl Henry and Andy Atkinson no address, but I'm gonna have you read it for us because I mean this is wild.

0 (20m 56s):
The letter says HPD, if you want to know who killed C Henry and a Atkinson, it will cost $100,000 reply. Hugh Chronicle personal column MU 3 12 0 1 only a lawyer will be hired to make sure you play straight Anon and Hugh Chronicle and Houston Chronicle is like the Houston Chronicle and Munn is Monday. I

1 (21m 23s):
Think so. And Aon I think is just supposed to be anonymous. Anonymous,

0 (21m 25s):
But it's weird, right?

1 (21m 27s):
Yeah,

0 (21m 28s):
Please tell me they play along with this though.

1 (21m 30s):
They do. They do exactly as they're told. They publish their reply in the Houston Chronicle basically like, we hear you, we wanna play ball, tell us what to do next kind of thing. Yeah, they keep all this on the down low. Like the public doesn't know a thing about this letter at the time. So like even when they publish their reply, the the public like doesn't even know what they're looking for or to look for it. But when they publish this, it's just radio silence. They never hear from that letter writer again. They even try having the envelope process to like see if there's DNA or fingerprints, whatever. That's a dead end too. And the case is more than 10 years cold by this point. And once again, like with after this letter, when this leads nowhere like they're outta leads.

1 (22m 11s):
Now I haven't touched on this yet, but Detective Belk, remember he has been on this case from like day one over the years. He builds a super solid relationship with Cheryl's family and what are solid relationships based on trust? How do you earn trust? Transparency And that's what he's been giving them. Like he doesn't share anything that could jeopardize the investigation of course, but he has been keeping them in the loops step by grueling step, which has given them like all along this sense of like, yes, Cheryl's case is actually being actively worked by one of forgotten of the best not forgotten. Yes. Which is like so what so many families want. And in all honesty, this case is like his great white whale and he really wants to solve it before he retires.

1 (22m 55s):
And you know, because of all this transparency that he was giving them, Shane actually shared a 2005 email chain with us. It was between them and Detective Belk or Detective Belk and Barbara. And in this Detective Belk lists out all of the men who have been excluded based on the DNA evidence, which at that time was 17 names deep. He even assures them that in this list, the INFAMOUS railroad killer Raphael Resendez has been ruled out thanks to codis. Now just for clarification, like no one has placed this guy in Houston at the time of the murders as far as I know, but like I know he was in the state in July of 91 when he killed a man in San Antonio and that's like three and a half hours away from Houston.

1 (23m 38s):
But like duh, he's the railroad killer. Killer, right? Like dude got around, I don't have any context about like how or why or when he slid on like the investigations radar. So giant grain of salt here. I was just like, I was surprised to see his name on that list. I thought it was worth mentioning. But here's his name of people who are ruled out. They're, they're obviously trying, they're working hard. By 2007 though Detective Belk has come to terms with the fact that his dreams of solving the case before he retires actually might elude him. He's been with HPD by that point for 20 years and like it's his time. So he turns in his badging gun admitting this kind of defeat for him. Like his great white whale got away but to be a fly on the wall when his phone rings the very next week and he's told that this could be it.

1 (24m 28s):
They finally got a hit in CODIS after all these years. Except there's always an accept, right?

0 (24m 35s):
Yeah.

1 (24m 35s):
The hit isn't a person that they've linked to his case. They've linked his case to another case a brutal like with a capital B sexual assault case also there in Houston. So

0 (24m 52s):
This guy is still

1 (24m 53s):
There. Not so fast. The sexual assault wasn't recent. In fact it happened two months before Cheryl and Andy were killed.

0 (25m 2s):
I'm sorry, the backlog is that

1 (25m 5s):
Deep. I have no idea why. But the victim's sexual assault kit was never processed for 17. I was gonna say four

0 (25m 13s):
Almost decades.

1 (25m 15s):
Yes. And it wasn't the only one sitting untested either, right? I mean far from it. Although that's like a whole nother podcast. Now the good news in this though is the victim in that sexual assault case was still alive when detectives went and tracked her down in Galveston County. Her story is, so basically she got off work as a dancer at a club at around two o'clock in the morning, one morning in June of 1990, according to reporting by Lindsay Wise in the Houston Chronicle. She was staying at her pilot boyfriend's place and he was off like flying a plane somewhere. So she came home to an empty house, apartment, whatever, or at least it should have been empty. So she walks in, kicks off her shoes, has a bite to eat downstairs and then heads upstairs to go to bed and that's when this man lunged out at her from a dark room.

1 (26m 3s):
I mean it is the stuff of actual nightmares. Yeah. And here I think the best thing to do is just to have you read an account from Wise's reporting.

0 (26m 9s):
The man wore a fishnet stocking over his face, black gloves and a dark shirt and pants that matched possibly a uniform. He held a long barreled handgun in his left hand. Where's Randy? He asked referring to her boyfriend by name. He taunted her putting the gun to her head and cocking it. He bound her hands behind her back with gray duct tape before taking cash from her purse. Then he duct taped her eyes and mouth shut, threw her on the bed and shoved a bag or pillowcase over her head

1 (26m 42s):
When the whole thing was over. He forced her down onto the floor and told her that she better stay there because he might be gone in minutes. He might not be and it would be bad for her basically if she like got up while he was still there. So when she finally does work up the courage to get up, she finds that her phone line had been disconnected. So when they're piecing this together from this victim like 17 years later, there's something like weird that pops out in her interview because they learn that she had actually worked for Andy's dad Garland and this is at a different club than I believe that she like the one at the time. But yes, who worked as a bouncer at Garland's Club every so often.

1 (27m 22s):
Andy, there was also this mention in KOU that the first victim said the perp had this quote like very forceful military type stance. So people start to wonder if maybe, maybe this guy was a bouncer, maybe he was a security guard like Andy. Is

0 (27m 38s):
There a reason though? I mean to me it's just as likely that he was a customer at the club.

1 (27m 43s):
Totally. I mean I think, I think the reason they're coming up with this is like the combo of like the dark or uniform like clothes. But I mean like absolutely he could have just been a customer or maybe he wasn't part of the club scene at all. I don't know except as far as investigators are concerned, the possible connections only get stronger when they factor in that Cheryl had worked at another club for a short period of time. Like she and a close friend had applied to be bartenders or like cocktail waitresses or whatever. Like I think it was like kinda like a mutual dare. I'm

0 (28m 13s):
Sorry, there's no way that all of this is coincidental. That's

1 (28m 17s):
What I thought too. Like the suspect pool just got like so small. Yeah and so the media goes wild with this when they find out. However, like all these years on, there hasn't been anyone in particular that has popped out from that scene. And actually Cheryl's family swears that too much has been made of this whole thing. Shane told us that Cheryl worked like a few shifts the summer before she was killed at a club. So like this is like a year plus prior and she decided really fast that like just wasn't for her. Okay. So

0 (28m 49s):
That part might be coincidental, but when this guy attacked the first girl, he was looking for her boyfriend, right? Calls him out by name. Maybe Cheryl and Andy's attack was about Andy

1 (29m 2s):
Possibly, except there's something that confuses me about that. So the dancer, the thing I haven't told you, she got a good look at the guy like albeit he had like a smooshed face because of what he was wearing. She definitely heard his voice but she didn't recognize him either. Like not as an employee at the club, not as like a regular customer. In fact she tells HPD that she had always assumed her attacker was someone from a moving company that she had beef with. So who knows. What we do know is she sits down with HPDs forensic artist, she has a composite sketch drawn of the man that she can still picture all these years later. She says he is tall, he has olive skin, dark hair, and as Michelle Homer and Sherman chow report, she thinks he was somewhere in his like late twenties, maybe early to mid thirties.

0 (29m 50s):
Hold up. How old was that security guard that found Andy's car uniform military stand?

1 (29m 57s):
I'm always skeptical of security guards who were like the first on the scene, right? So and HPD was too, like he was actually one of the guys who was ruled out with DNA. Okay? So probably one of the first, I would assume so not him, but whoever this guy is who attacked our first victim and then Cheryl Andy, he's a ghost. The sketch that's published in 2008 doesn't generate any promising leads. And that in 2008 was the last real update in this baffling case.

0 (30m 25s):
So when everything with Lake Waco basically unraveled, did anyone go back to see if there like could have been a connection if

1 (30m 34s):
They did it never made it into reporting. And keep in mind like just how much Lake Waco unraveled is in the eye of the beholder. And if the beholder is the great state of Texas, it never unraveled at all. Like sure Nie Deeb won his appeal. He was acquitted at a retrial, but the convictions of the other three defendants were upheld. Mm. And the official party line is that they all died in prison. Guilty men including David Spence who was executed in 97 for his supposed involvement. And if you remember like there have been a few attempts pushed by like private parties to test DNA evidence in the Lake Wake case, which there is DNA evidence in the Lake Waco case.

1 (31m 16s):
But all of those have either been unsuccessful or have stalled for reasons that are like too convoluted to get in here again, go listen to the episode. The long and the short of it is, as far as I can tell, no DNA profiles from Lake Waco have ever been entered into codis. I don't even know if they were fully processed. 'cause again, there was no CODIS when Andy and Cheryl were murdered. Lake Waco was even years before that

0 (31m 36s):
And at that point it was closed.

1 (31m 38s):
Yeah. And to me this is like baffling and I can't even understand why they wouldn't but, but this goes back to like the whole first case where it's like they, they wanna be right more than they wanna find the truth. But Cheryl and Andy's case, this case is still unsolved today before you ask yes, they have considered genetic genealogy. It might even be in the works or not IgG. Exactly. A lot of reporting seems to conflate familial DNA with genetic genealogy. And the HPD declined to give us a comment. So like I couldn't get a ton of clarity. And actually to be exact, they told us they had to respectfully decline to comment due to the sensitivity of the investigation. They didn't elaborate on that choice of words.

1 (32m 20s):
So we tried reaching Detective Belk too, who was retired. We couldn't get ahold of him. And in all the years, like since Belk left, I think things have kind of broken down between HPD and Cheryl's family. So they're not even in the inner circle at the moment, which to me doesn't feel like an option. Like you don't have to be on the inner circle, but I think they deserve a yes or no. Like are you using this new technology to solve my family member's case or not? That seems like it should be a basic right for a family to get. Now I mentioned earlier that Garland passed away super recently when I read his obituary, I had to like, oh, it was tough to get through because like he, when his final wishes are mentioned, including his wish to be buried next to his son back home in North Carolina, like, ugh.

1 (33m 8s):
It's, it's tough. And I mentioned that because I think it's easy for people to overlook just how radically the loss of a child, especially in like such a horrific way, impacts like every last second of your life for your afterlife too. Like whatever you think that is. Like his final wishes were his testament to that. Like that like it, it literally followed him to his grave. Once you've become the parent of a murdered child, like there is no unbecoming it. You have joined the worst club on earth and you're like stuck. And of course it goes so far beyond the parents too. Like, I mean take Shane and her younger twin brother and sister Chris and Meredith, they're 12 years younger than Cheryl, nine years younger than Shane.

1 (33m 49s):
And Shane says that the second that she and Cheryl met them, and I say met like you know they're newborns, you know what I mean? But the second they met them, it was just like kismet. They had like found each other's soulmates. She said like that's how it felt. Cheryl ran straight toward baby. Chris and Shane ran straight toward baby Meredith. And from that day on, that's like how it was Cheryl and Chris, Shane and Meredith until one day it wasn't. And it devastates Shane to know that Kris lost who was his soulmate that day in 1990. And it just feels like it's the wrong word to use for this, but like so unfair. So I'm gonna close out this episode with the same plea I make at the end of every unsolved case someone knows something confessed to someone or was confessed to.

1 (34m 31s):
And if that's you crime junkies, please call the Houston Crime Stoppers tip line at 7 1 3 2 2 2 8 4 7 7. Garland Atkinson died without ever finding answers or justice or peace, but maybe the loved ones who are still alive today won't have to. In honor of Andy and Cheryl, we made a donation to the National Organization of Parents of Murdered Children. We'll link out to them in the show notes and we encourage anyone who can to do the same.

1 (35m 14s):
You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. You

0 (35m 20s):
Can also follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast.

1 (35m 23s):
We'll be back next week with another episode. Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production.

1 (36m 4s):
So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve.