
As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Every day our world gets a little more connected, but a little further apart part, but then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't Worry, we'll get you taken care of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human Amica. Empathy is our best policy


When living with cancer. It's important to be informed and know what to expect, but finding the right information can feel overwhelming. That's why understand Cancer together.com is here to help. We've gathered practical information and resources based on where you are in your cancer journey so that you can focus on the important conversations and decisions of today. Understand Cancer together.com. Helping you navigate life with cancer one moment at a time.


Hey guys, have you heard of GoldBelly? It's this amazing site where they ship the most iconic, famous foods from restaurants across the country, anywhere nationwide. I've never found a more perfect gift than food. They ship Chicago deep dish pizza, New York Bagels, Maine lobster rolls, and even Hena Garten's famous cakes. So if you're looking for a gift for the food lover in your life, head to goldbelly.com and get 20% off your first order with promo code gift.


Hi Crime Junkies. I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm Fritz And I have some exciting news. Last week we officially shared that we are hitting the road for a Crime Junkie tour And today I am excited to tell you that tickets are officially on sale. One more time. We're so excited to see you guys in just a few short months and I cannot wait to bring you seriously like the wildest case Ashley like and to do it in person. I know you guys can find a full list of tour stops and purchase tickets to a show near you on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. Listen, the best I can like tell you is to get it now because how many years it's been five years, it'll be six years since we're on tour again.


We might wait another six years. If you wanna see us in the flesh, do a show. This Is it. Well, and six years ago tickets sold super, super fast. Oh yeah, venues are bigger this time, but we sold out like lickety split. I know. Oh And like you even like it even happened when you went on a tour with the tech too. Yes. So do not wait. Get yours, get them fast. And while you're over there like going to Crime Junkie podcast.com and securing your tickets, let me jump into our story. It's a big one. This story that I have for you today is about the people we trust to steer the ship of justice and those who sometimes get swallowed up in their wake.


This is the story of the Lake Waco Murders Patrol Sergeant Truman Simons isn't your standard American cop.


He is a go at it alone man. Thing is law enforcement is a group sport. You gotta be able to play well with others and play by the rules. So being more rebel than ride or die hasn't always endeared him to his brothers in blue. But in his 17 years on the force, his record of closing tough cases is second to none. So this guy's not here to make friends and people kind of know that about him by now. When the radio in his patrol car crackles to life early in the evening of July 14th, 1982 and dispatch directs him, another officer and a special investigator to one of the parks on the shores of Lake Waco. He can read between the lines. Chances are this is something serious 'cause special investigators are the big guns.


They don't get called out for just anything. Just then dispatch radios over again and says that they're responding to a quote unquote questionable death. And that deputies from the sheriff's office are gonna meet them out there too. He pulls up to the Spiegel Park gate at the same time as a bunch of other investigators. A few of the faces he recognizes, like Detective Ramon Salinas from his own agency, Waco pd. Now the crime scene isn't something you can just ride up on. So a pickup truck has to escort this like line of people down deep into the park, down this like winding dirt road. But for a remote woodsy scene in a remote woodsy park, what they pull up to is borderline chaos.


A local television news crew or two beat them there. A good number of other investigators did as well, like the sheriff's deputies, some park rangers, some constables. And unbelievably Carlton Stowers writes in his book Careless Whispers that someone even brought their young kid to this crime scene that Feels like maybe not the right move. You don't even like know at this point because among all of these people like bustling about Simon's Zeros right in on the reason they're all there. And it is so much worse than he expected. Under a nearby tree, there is a young man, he is dead and propped up against the trunk of the tree.


His shirt is drenched in blood and it shredded with slash marks. There's a gag in his mouth that is looped around his head. His hands are bound together, tied behind his back and sitting on his face is a pair of sunglasses. What? Which is like a small detail and maybe doesn't even register with some of the people at first, but it's, it's like eerie like, 'cause there had to have been some kind of struggle even if it wasn't a big one. So it just feels like at some point that would've fallen off and so someone had to have put it there, right? And it's like they put it there in almost like a playful way. Like whoever did this enjoyed it and wanted the police to know altogether.


The scene tells Simons that this isn't the work of your average violent criminal. Whoever did this is a special kind of fucked up. They spent time with this kid, they made sure his last moments were awful And then like put him up on display almost. Yeah, as Simons is taking it all in, detective Salinas approaches him. He glosses right past the niceties and starts briefing him on what they know even though they got there. At the same time, detective Salinas already has the victim all but idd. He tells Simons that they're looking at an 18-year-old local boy named Kenneth Franks. And they know this because Kenneth's dad, Richard had reported him missing that morning after he didn't come home the night before.


Detective Salinas has a picture of Kenneth in his hands, the one that Richard had brought in. And it is clear today is the worst day of Richard Frank's life. And he probably doesn't even know it yet, but here is where the mystery takes an even darker turn. Detective Salinas tells Simons that Kenneth didn't go missing alone. According to Richard, he had gone out the night before with two girls from a small town up north called Waxahatchee. One of them was Kenneth's friend Jill Montgomery. She was 17 and her friend was the same age. Her name was Ralene Rice. So the two had picked him up from Richards at around eight 30 or nine. And they said that they were gonna go watch the sunset over Lake Waco, but not at Spiegel v Park where investigators are now.


They said they were gonna go to Kaney Park, which is clear on the other side of the lake. That one is smaller, less rugged. And that one tends to draw a crowd of local teens, especially over summer break. But it's not like they just changed their plans. Here is what's so weird. Before Richard ever reported Kenneth missing, he had gone out looking for them and apparently he had come across Raylene's car at Kaney Park. So the question is, how did Kenneth get here? And the next question is, if Kenneth is here, where are Jill and Raylene? No one knows, just like Kenneth, Jill and Ralene never made it home the night before.


And as the magnitude of all of this starts to set in, Simons looks around and realizes that with all the many investigators there, there is zero coordination taking place. No one is taking charge or thinking big picture. So he kind of takes his deep breath and just starts issuing commands. The growing crowd of people has to go. More and more media outlets are showing up and even civilians are starting to gather like legit Gawkers are here at their crime scene. But they gotta get everyone out. They need to start preserving, they need to notify Richard. And most importantly, they need to find the girls. Now officers spread out in every direction and within minutes a distressed cry cuts through the woods and just stops everyone in their tracks.


Simon's charges in the direction of the scream and somehow again, what he finds is worse than what he expected. He'd gotten descriptions of the girls by this point and judging from the blonde hair that he sees, he assumes that he's looking at Ralene. She is gagged with her hands bound behind her back like Kenneth's. And she has too many stab wounds to count on site. There is one giant gash that spans her neck, but where Kenneth was fully clothed, she has been stripped naked except for a bra that's been tied around her right leg. There isn't much else around her except for a few beer cans that are littered in the grass and then someone spots something else.


A flash of skin peeking up just a teensy tiny bit higher than the tall grass and the weeds around it. Hmm, It's Jill. It's Jill. Just a few dozen feet away. The flash of skin is her knee. Jill's body is a lot like railings, naked gagged and bound disfigured with stab wounds. And there is a deep giant gash across her neck and taking it all in, Simon starts developing a hunch. Something about Jill just feels different to him. Well what do you mean He like can't totally put his finger on it, but like there's something in his gut that's telling him that it was her.


Like she was the main target of this whole thing. Like whoever did this, whatever they were after, like it involved her. She was, she's at the center of this. How does he even know that there was a single target though? I mean he doesn't. That's what I'm saying. It's a hunch. And Simons is a guy who just trusts his gut and his gut is telling him that whoever did this was after Jill Michael Hall did the most thorough piece on this case for Texas Monthly. I highly recommend everyone read it. I'll link to it in the show notes. But in it he describes this moment that Simon's has this realization and is just kind of eerie because he says that Simon's like CROs down by Jill's lifeless body.


And he whispers in her ear, he says, I don't know what's happened to you, but I promise you one thing, whoever did this won't just go to jail. He's going to pay for this. I promise you that this won't be another unsolved murder case in Waco, Texas. And he plans to make good on that promise no matter what.


If you ever worry about the safety of your home and family, there's no better time to act right now. You can get 50% off a new SimpliSafe security system, their biggest deal of the year. SimpliSafe active guard. Outdoor protection changes the game by preventing crime before it even happens. If someone's lurking around those agents, see them in real time, talk to them directly, set off your spotlights and even call the police before they've had a chance to break in. Having SimpliSafe For over six years has meant six years of restful sleep, anxiety-free vacations, and general confidence. Knowing that SimpliSafe has our back, watching them come up with bigger and better technology all the time is a testament to just how dedicated they are to keeping their customers safe. SimpliSafe is extending its massive Black Friday deal to my listeners. This week only you can get 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is your last chance to claim their best offer of the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Looking for relief from cold and flu symptoms this winter. With GoodRx, you can save an average of $34 on prescription cold and flu meds and feel better for less. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx to Save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Remember, GoodRx works Whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price for savings on cold and flu medications or any other prescriptions, check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ Crime Junkie. That's goodrx.com/ Crime Junkie.


Now here's the thing about that promise Simon's just made. If he's gonna keep it, he's gonna have to do it on his own time. 'cause even though he took the reins when everyone needed some direction, he's not the guy put in charge. He's not even on the team Patrol sergeants usually aren't. Waco police Lieutenant Marvin Horton is officially put in charge with a team of seven investigators working the case with him and they hit the ground running while the kids' bodies are sent off for autopsies in Dallas County where they have more resources, the team starts talking to anyone and everyone in the teen's lives trying to get a feel for who they were. What were their families like? What were they into? Did they have sketchy friends enemies, love interests?


Like where were they last seen? When, where and by whom? Like all the things and what they learn actually muddies the picture almost as much as it clarifies it. So even though Jill and Ralene both live in Waxahatchee with their families, Jill had been living in Waco until very recently at this place called the Methodist Home. That's how she knew Kenneth. He had lived there too. The Methodist home, is that A a hospital? No, it's kind of, it's kind of like this boarding school for troubled kids. Both of the teens had been sent there by their parents 'cause they'd been, you know, doing stuff like skipping school, missing curfew, hanging out with questionable characters. And so all four of the parents felt like their kids were, they would say on a dangerous path and they would like they had run outta ideas about how to help them And listen, I wanna be really clear about something.


Kenneth and Jill were not like bad kids. Whatever people mean when they use that phrase. Like both of them had been affected when their parents divorced at sensitive ages. Both had struggled in school for reasons outside of their control. Like Kenneth and Jill both had dyslexia. In an era when accommodations for kids with different educational needs usually fell somewhere between non-existent and like straight up harmful, right? Careless whispers goes into this stuff at length. But the quick and dirty is that for both of them, trouble keeping up in school led to a lack of effort in school, which led to getting in trouble in school and finally just not going to school. And then all that downstream stuff like that we talked about before, moral of the story being that both sets of parents were desperate to help their kids and they felt like they'd run out of less drastic options.


So that's how they both ended up at the Methodist home and the two really hit it off. They even dated for a few months, like it didn't work out, but clearly they stayed friends and they'd stayed friends even after they both left and moved back with their folks. Kenneth was living at his dad's house in Waco. Jill was living at her mom's in Waxahatchee. But here's what's interesting about them leaving. From what I can tell Kenneth's departure was planned 'cause like once he turned 18 it was his choice whether to stay or not. He decided not. But Jill's move was more impulsive and maybe a little bit more revealing. Carlton Stowers writes in his book that at the tail end of a weekend visit home near the end of June, 1982, Jill caught her mom, Nancy like totally off guard when she announced that she didn't wanna go back to the Methodist home, which fell completely out of left field for Nancy because Jill had been doing really well there and she seemed happy.


I mean as far as Jill's dad, rod and her were concerned like Jill was a success story. Even so Nancy says that she could sense she needed to hear her daughter out. Like her tone, it wasn't confrontational. Like I know sometimes it wasn't like Rebelling. Yeah. And being like I'm just not going back. Right. It was sincere. Yeah. She was like more pleading like it was like vulnerable. She like didn't recognize it as she listened to Jill. She couldn't shake the feeling that there was something else in her voice. Something big and significant that she couldn't quite place her finger on at first. But then suddenly it hit her that Jill sounded scared but it wasn't clear what she was so scared of. And of course mom tried to find out, but Nancy said no matter how many times she pressed, Jill wouldn't give specifics.


Lots and lots of tears but not specifics. So when her dad came over that night to kind of hash things out, he couldn't get more out of her either. And even though they didn't have a real why, they agreed to let her move home. And she did start to open up little by little over the next few weeks, just a day or two before she was killed. Stowers writes that she asked her mom, mama, what do you do when you love someone you know isn't good for you? Now the question wasn't totally out of left field. Nancy knew about Kenneth and like so many teenage relationships, Jill's with Kenneth had its share of ups and downs. And she knew that the next day Jill was gonna be in Waco to pick up her final paycheck from this part-time job that she had while she was at Methodist home.


So She figured she was gonna see him, Right? Or at least like had him on the brain. So this is where Ralene comes in. Originally Jill had asked to borrow her mom's car to drive to Waco, but Nancy didn't want her going alone. So Jill asked her older brother Brad to take her and I'm sure Brad has lost so much sleep thinking about a world where he did, where they picked up the check, came home, never knew this reality. But that's not what happened. Brad couldn't take her because he just started a new job. So Jill got a ride from her friend Raylene. The girls were really close friends, they kind of decided to treat it like a mini girls trip. Like they'd grab Jill's last paycheck, hang out in Waco, then be home by curfew.


I guess I don't get why Jill sounded so scared the day that she had talked to her mom about moving home. It doesn't seem like she was scared of Kenneth. No, I think that question she asked her mom was just one of the first things that came to her mom's mind when she was like looking back on that time leading up to her murder. Like I feel like if that happens, like you look for meaning in everything and it's totally possible that the reason she was scared and the question she asked are totally unrelated. It's also possible that the question she asked wasn't even about Kenneth at all. But make no mistake, she was still scared in the days leading up to her trip to Waco, whatever fear drove her home hadn't subsided because investigators learned from Jill's sister-in-law, Gloria, that a few days before this Waco trip she was in the kitchen with Jill just kind of chatting whatever.


When Jill started like rifling through her purse, kind of absent mindedly looking for something that she couldn't seem to find and she's doing the thing we all do, right? Like she's like just pulling the most random out of her bag. It's like piling up on the table and all of a sudden she pulls out a knife. Now it's a pocket knife. But still it was like abnormal enough that it stood out to yeah, why does Jill need a pocket knife? And right away Gloria's like, can we talk about that knife on the table? Are you toting that thing around for any particular reason or like, and Jill's response was brief and to the point, just one word, zero elaboration. She said protection. She was carrying the knife for protection. Protection From what Gloria didn't push.


Now clearly there is a whole lot more investigators need to find out, but even in talking to Raylene's family too, they don't learn much more. That's helpful in identifying a motive or a killer. She was just this sweet girl who was doing a solid for a friend by all indications she didn't have any other reason to be in Waco. Not that day or any other, it's like this almost like this stupid twist of fate for all of them really. So It's kind of looking like Simon's might have been right with his theory that like it all comes down to Jill. It's very possible because even though Kenneth was the one clearly posed the scene when they talked to Richard and learned more about his movements that day, it just doesn't seem like there was anything going on in his life that would lead to something like this.


I mean according to Richard, Kenneth didn't even know Jill was in town on the 13th. Oh until she called out of the blue that evening. And you go back to that like terrible twist of fate, like what if he'd missed her call? What would he still be alive? Would all three of them still be alive? I mean it's enough. Like I can't imagine being their parents and like having those questions just like drive you absolutely up a wall. And those questions are also driving the entire city a little crazy. As you can imagine, once word gets out it spreads through Waco like wildfire and beyond and everyone thinks that they've got the key to solving the case, which means the tips do start pouring in almost right away. It was some dude from a local biker gang.


No it was members of a satanic cult actually it was the nervous hitchhiker with blood on his pants. Bloody Hitchhiker dude might warrant some further investigation. They're all investigators, okay all of them. But like point being in the blink of an eye, it becomes one of those everyone and no one predicaments WPD is flooded with all of it. And before long they can't keep track of which tips have been checked out, which ones haven't even days in, they still can't figure out why Raylene's car was found at Kaney Park and the kids were found clear across the lake at Spiegel Park. I mean witnesses do confirm that the kids were at Kaney Park that night. Just like Kenneth told his dad they would Be. But then how Did they, how did they Get to SP valve?


They don't know. Like had they been taken there, would they have gone there voluntarily? But then the car is back at Ka like And and and how did no one see them leave? Like it's the trail just seems to end And you didn't really talk much about the scene like do we know they were actually killed at Spiegel Mill Park or could they have been killed at Kaney Park and then moved? This is like a whole thing. So at the time Bill Moore reported for the Waco Tribune Herald that the loose consensus among investigators is that the kids were killed. Where they were found. I think one of the contributing factors was the fact that there were people over at Kaney Park and no one ever reported hearing any screams, nothing like that.


So they figured they must have been killed in the more secluded park. But I don't know 'cause the scene itself doesn't actually agree with that theory. Like for something so brutal, there wasn't really a ton of blood there. There were kind of subtle signs of a struggle 'cause Michael Hall reports that the grass around the girls' bodies had been visibly disturbed. Like it had been like he calls it like flattened suggesting that both had struggled in those spots. But that also could be like almost drag marks if like they could look kind of similar, right? Or Yeah or if that's where they were being posed or like just Like a disturbance is just like, or it's Like if someone's carrying them and drops them and then like I agree and listen, not everyone is on the same page because guess who has a different hunch?


Simons Our man Simons and it's true. He's not part of the investigation in an official capacity, but he can't let go of this case. I mean he made a promise after all.


Let's be honest, what most people really want for the holidays is to see their favorite people more often. That's why this year the best gift you can give besides plane tickets is an Aura Digital picture frame. Name the number one digital photo frame by Wirecutter. Aura Frames are incredibly smart and easy to use, allowing you to upload unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. Plus you can order the frame online and preload it with photos and videos using the Aura app so it is ready to go right out of the box. Me and all my family members have aura frames and we are constantly adding new pictures to each other's frames. Honestly, it's become a bit of a funny game to find old pictures like I love a good embarrassing one and like throwing it up to their frame to surprise them. It is always good for a belly laugh. And for a limited time, visit aura frames.com to get $45 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code Crime Junkie at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code Crime Junkie. This exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is their best deal of the year. So don't miss out terms and conditions apply.


Get serious about your skin with products that actually work from drunk Elephant Skincare. Many of you already love drunk elephants, so you'll be excited to know they've just launched c Luma Hydro Serum c Luma Hydro Serum is a unique 10% vitamin C serum that brightens, clarifies and hydrate skin revealing a noticeably more even luminous complexion haven't tried a vitamin C before. C Luma hydro serum is the perfect way to start. It's effective but also gentle for sensitive skin. 10% Vitamin C reduces blemishes, fades hyperpigmentation and improves skin clarity while triple antioxidant brightening complex brightens and reduces post breakout marks plus C Luma hydro serum feels smooth on your skin. Not sticky. I'll be the first to say my skincare has not always been a priority for me, but I've been using Drunk Elephant products recently and I'm kind of a skincare convert. The c Luma hydro serum has made my skin look and feel brighter and have a more even tone. I feel so confident in my skin. Now discover drunk elephant c Luma hydro serum@drunkelephant.com.


So the whole time the official investigators are chasing down leads, Simons is spending his free time out at the lake looking for answers, existential or otherwise. And as far as he's concerned, the supposed consensus about the kids being killed right there, where they were found frankly he thinks is horse shit. He said that he knew the minute he stepped out of his patrol car the day that the bodies were found. He, he just, I mean feels it is what he says. Like kind of literally and I can't do it justice. So Bra, I pulled this excerpt from careless whispers that I condensed just a bit, but I'm gonna have you read Though he rarely discusses it with other law enforcement officers.


Simons insists he's always been able to feel a certain violence in the air at the scene of a crime. It lingers. He says like a choking residue, a grim, almost tangible reminder that on a particular spot some unspeakable evil has taken place on several occasions. In fact, he's returned to the scene only to find the atmosphere of violence still present as real as it had been at the time of the initial investigation in the darkening woods of Speak Park. There were no such feelings. Poetic Yeah, like visceral feelings. Yeah, I mean it's like a little over the top. But at the same time I've always said I think call it whatever you want, like Energy, Energy.


I, but I think like I, I intuition feels like the right thing but I think certain investigators or people who like profilers, I think that people have a different level of like intuition. You know, whether the skies is right or wrong, TBD, Right? But like and and again very flowery language but like whatever, Do you know if anyone searched Kaney Park to see if there was blood there? I mean screams or not? Yeah, no, they searched both of them. Okay. Like rigorously not so much as a drop of blood found at Kaney Park. I mean who's to say that they were killed outside? I guess like No one, it doesn't have to be both either place, like both places, either place, whatever. So maybe he's right, maybe everyone else is right.


Maybe the autopsies will tell more and maybe no one's right. You know what I mean? Right. So the autopsies were done by Dr. Mary Gillin. She is the Dallas County Emmy. Now listen, you know you're a deep tracks diehard Crime Junkie if that name rings a bell because Delia just spent a lot of time talking about Dr. Gilland in season six of CounterClock for a case outta North Carolina. Which like gives me a little pause because I like, I can't even, like I can't even begin to get into it. Like if you know, you know, if you don't go listen to season six and then come back and see if it changes your opinion. But at a high level, the biggest takeaways from the autopsies are this one, the pattern of the wounds on all three suggest to Dr.


Gilland that the perp was likely left-handed. Two, neither Jill nor Raylene's sexual assault kit detected the presence of semen, but they were both determined to have been sexually assaulted. Three, Jill is the only one with defensive wounds and she also has what Dr. Gillin calls torture wounds. Four, she's also got some weird small bruises that the doctor doesn't place much importance on but notes anyways. And five, Kenneth also has some quote unquote torture wounds too. Although without getting into a ton of detail his weren't as extensive as Jills.


But are you ready for something unexpected or at least something that was unexpected for me? So Bilmore reports in the Waco Tribune Herald that even with all of this carnage, Dr. Gillin isn't shocked about the relative lack of blood where the victims were found in the park. That same reporting by Morris says that according to a justice of the piece named Joe Johnson quote, the autopsy showed the wounds would not normally have bled much when compared with a cut artery end quote, A slipped throat. I don't know this like this is what it said. So I don't know like the extent of which the throat was cut. I mean it seems like, like, Oh you, you said like a note like kind notable gashes.


Yeah. And it seems like no arteries were cut like based on this quote right when compared with a cut artery. So I don't know, did she Make any kind of conclusions about what kind of weapon had been used? She just has one knife that had a single blade. It was less than an inch wide, maybe five inches in length. She suspects that it was a buck knife. Oh and she has something interesting to add about the bindings that were used. So she determines that most of the restraints and bindings on the victims weren't restraints or bindings at all. Or at least like that's not how they started. Not designed to be anyways. So really what they were was stuff that was taken from the victims. Like I guess Jill had been wearing a terrycloth shirt that night and that shirt turned out to be a lot of the bindings.


Oh like it was ripped into strips. They also used shoe laces. Even that bra that was tied around Raylene's leg, that was actually Jill's bra used to bind her. The First thing that comes to mind is like whoever did this like didn't come quote unquote prepared. Right. Or at least prepared for three People. Three people. Exactly. And it's weird that like it's all Jill stuff, right? Isn't it? Like it's her bra, it's her shirt. Like she's the through line with the bindings. She's the only one with defensive wounds. She has the like most notable torture wounds. Like It all comes back to jail. Yeah. So let me get back to the autopsy real quick. So as for toxicology samples were sent off for testing but those results we know take a while, they're still pending, you know, and we know how that goes.


It could come back tomorrow, three months from now, good luck. TBD maybe we never hear about them again, but we have to hear about them again because those might be the real clincher. You see investigators start to notice some patterns in the tips that are getting called in and patterns might not even be the best word. Let's call them like themes. And Brett, we've been doing this for a while. We kind of know that the line between a lead and a rumor can be about as clear as mud, but where there's smoke there is often fire. And there is one theme that is throwing up smoke signals left and right and it's about the kid's supposed drug use. And I should be specific here. Kenneth's name is the one that seems to always be mentioned.


Supposedly he was known to heavily misuse drugs. Have any of the families mentioned anything about this? No. They talk to all of them. They're not a word about This. So it's just coming in on like tip lines. On the tip lines. But some of these tips get pretty specific like names and whatnot. And one of the more specific rumors going around about Kenneth is that he owed like three grand to a local drug dealer named Terry Lee Harper or Tab as they call him. But Tab was said to be running out of patients with Kenneth. Now tab in law enforcement go way back. But the thing is tabs never been suspected of anything like this. Like dude's always been more of a high misdemeanor, low felony kind of guy And this would be like a hell of a first murder like zero to 100, right?


But no one's ruling him out just because of that. Especially because Tab himself has been going around taking credit for the murders and listen, people bragging about murdering people when they didn't to look tough or cool or whatever. It might sound bananas, but it honestly doesn't even register for me anymore. Like we've seen this so many times. Especially if He's like trying to muscle money out of people. Right? Right, right. Like kind of puff himself up. Right? So I'm not ready to zero in on him just based on that. But there is this other interesting little tidbit. So it turns out Tab was spotted at Kaney Park that night that they were killed by multiple people.


Sounds like they need to talk to Tab. Well here's the thing, just as this tab stuff is starting to gain momentum, there is a wrench thrown in this theory. The talks results come back in early August and according to reporting by Bill Moore, those kids were clean as a whistle. All three of them, they didn't have so much as a sip of beer in their system, Which makes a $3,000 drug debt seem a little farfetched Far. Exactly. And honestly I think the results almost take the wind out of investigators sails a little bit or a lot a bit. 'cause on September 9th when good old Sergeant Simons Moseys passed Detective Salinas's desk and starts kinda summing through the Lake Waco case file that's just sitting out 'cause he can't help himself, he finds a document in there indicating that as of September 3rd the Lake Waco cases have been classified as quote unquote officially inactive September 3rd of what year.


But we're still in 1982. Like we're talking what? Less than two months since these kids were killed? Yeah. And according to Carlton Stowers, it's a little more dramatic than just inactive. He writes that the case is all caps suspended, but regardless of the specific verbiage, the end result is the same. Viable leads will be checked out but only viable leads that come to them and practically land in the lap of investigators who have a little time to spare. And this is unacceptable to Simons who takes it upon himself to call the chief of police at home. A bold move. I don't hate it. Oh but I mean I've seen, I've seen people get demoted for less.


That's dangerous. Rank and file know your place is very much alive and well in many departments even today. So forget 1982, right? But I mean Simons is a bold guy and sometimes it takes those kind of people to shake things up and get done sometimes. So when Chief Larry Scott picks up Simons is like yo chief, like all due respect. But this Lake Waco situation is fucked. And I kind of wonder if Simons is surprised by the response because he doesn't get chewed out or told to know his place. The chief doesn't even argue with him because the chief has no idea what he's talking about. What this guy is blindsided the investigation into some of the worst murders to hit Waco in modern times has been closed by his investigators after an investigation that didn't even hit the two month mark.


And nobody bothered And no one told him no, no one asked him nothing. And in that moment he agrees with Simons, this situation is fucked and the people he has working this case are the wrong people because they're not working it right. And in that moment, that's when Simon's is like, you know what Chief I volunteers tribute. Of course he does. And Chief Scott probably has to take a beat to think about this proposal. 'cause according to Hall, these two men have something of a love-hate relationship. To be honest, love-hate relationships are kind of like Simon's is jam. But Simon's pipe's backup, he tells the chief, listen, I will have this case solved in a week.


One week. Okay? And that's all the chief needs to hear. The case is his. But like he knows that's not real, right? Like who the hell would promise dissolve? Like any case, let alone this case in a a week. I know I don't think he's necessarily buying it, but at the end of the day, Simons is right on the only point that matters. To put a case that rocked the city on a shelf and basically label it, we quit after such a short time it's indefensible. So nearly two months in Simons is officially given his chance. Chief Scott assigns Officer Dennis Bayer to work the case alongside him just to give him some backup, extra eyes, extra hands, whatever. And Michael Hall says that the two start digging into the files the next day.


And that's when Simons comes across a lead that seemed to gain no real traction. It's from another kid at the Methodist home named Lisa who pointed her finger directly at a very unlikely culprit.


I've been trying to cut back on coffee. So I've been looking for substitutions that I can work in throughout the day and I give myself one cup of Joe in the morning and then for the afternoon I've been trying rise mushroom coffee, which sounds wild, at least to like my Midwest self. It did. But it's been a great find. And for my like I hate mushroom people, it doesn't taste like mushroom soup or anything. They have a bunch of different products, even hot chocolate. The benefits are awesome. Rise Mushroom Coffee is a custom powerhouse blend of six functional mushrooms crafted to fuel your body and mind all day long. It helps with all day energy, sharper focus, healthy digestion and immune support. It's been a nice little boost for me in the afternoon when I get to that like post lunch 2:00 PM crash. And with over 150,005 star reviews, you likely won't be disappointed. Try Rise Mushroom Coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash Crime Junkie. That's RYZE superfoods.com/ Crime Junkie. Don't just wake up awaken with Rise


Meta's. Open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers and more to download and build with our models at no cost. Which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


Lisa suggested the person responsible for the murders was a young man named Uni. Deep Uni is in his early twenties and owns the convenience store right across the street from the Methodist home. It's actually a store that Simons himself has been in before he's seen this guy. He knows that ER and his family immigrated from Jordan and he's not a big guy, he's not even a scary guy. He walks with a limp that the kids often make fun of and he seems to be desperate for friends. So he lets the Methodist home kids use his store like a hangout even though they often aren't kind, they even take advantage of him. And apparently Kenneth in particular was mean a lot.


And the two had a pretty openly hostile relationship. And listen, I wanna make the lines very clear. Whatever Kenneth did, it absolutely does not excuse murder. This is not victim blaming, but I also don't like the idea of glossing over some pretty ugly behavior. Some of it was harmless, like he would roar his motorcycle engine as he sped through the store parking lot. Some of it was a little more pointed like he would hold up the one finger salute at mooner and some of it was downright racist and cruel like mocking his limp and calling him either a Hab or Abdul depending on the reporting. And to be clear, a ha nor Abdul appear anywhere in his name.


And it seems like the root of Kenneth's disdain for Moonie boiled down to ER's unrequited love for Kenneth's best friend at the Methodist home, this girl named Gail Kelly. Kenneth thought uni was creepy and encouraged Gail to stay away from him. But according to kids at the Methodist home, uni was like completely infatuated with her like so infatuated that he supposedly offered her a job at his store, which it seems like she took just like he wanted her to be there a lot. So Simons and Bayer visit Gail at the apartment she's living in now for this in-person interview. And when they go see her, he struck by something, something that he had heard before but couldn't really appreciate the significance of until Gail was right in front of him.


Gail looks a lot like Jill now when he asked her if anyone's ever told her that her and Jill look alike, she's like, yeah, people would actually assume they were related. Stowers writes in careless whispers that despite doing their best not to clue Galen on their suspicions about er, she picks up on it and she asks them if er is a suspect. And Simon's kind of deflect saying that they'd heard that er and Kenneth didn't really like each other, which Gail confirms, but still she says like she doesn't think he's capable of anything like this. But when Simon's asks her if she'd heard er talk about the murders at all, she says yeah for a while he kept bringing them up to her.


And one time when she said that she hoped their deaths were fast, Monier said that he had heard that Kenneth had suffered and he didn't exactly seem upset at the idea. Gail obviously was upset for obvious reasons and she's like, listen, I don't wanna hear that. And since then she said Moir hadn't said anything and that's pretty much all she could give them at the time. But you know they did the cop thing. Here's my card if you think of anything like gimme a call and around 1:00 AM the next morning Gail actually calls him and she's got something wild to tell him. As soon as Simons picks up the line, he can tell that Gail is upset.


Hall writes that. She just keeps saying over and over, he did it, he did it. And when she eventually takes a deep breath or two, she starts telling him how Uni had taken her and her friend to the movies that very night. And after the movie Uni said to her, I did it, I killed them. Now I don't know if they looked upset or horrified or whatever, but like immediately he says he's joking though at that point it's a little late for that. Yeah, like Gail says, she doesn't think it was a joke. Like she by that point really believed that he was involved. So as far as Simons is concerned hearing this like it is now, all systems go on. Mr. Mooney, deep Simons had given himself a week to close this case and here he is on day like two or three, it's all coming together.


Simons is being Simons, he's like, I'm ready to move forward with an arrest now. But the other guys at his department like Lieutenant Horton and Sergeant Bob Fortune, they tell Simons he's jumping the gun in a major way. Even Bayer has his doubts, but there's only one guy's opinion that really matters. And that's Chief Scott. So Simon takes it straight to the top. He makes a beeline for this dude's office, fills him in on what he's learned so far about mooner and when he tells him that uni might be about to run to like flee the state, who knows possibly the country altogether, that's when Chief Scott gives him the green light to just go get this guy. Wait, is this fleeing stuff? Is that for real?


To be completely fair, I don't have a solid answer. I know what I think the answer is, but I don't know. Got it. Anyway, with the Chief's green light, Simons has er arrested and by the time he's talking to him, Simons has already developed a theory. Er had to have had help physically, he just does not think he could overpower all three teenagers alone. So Simons and Sergeant Fortune start going in on this kid asking him what he knows about the murders. And right away he swears up and down he knows nothing, he had nothing to do with them. And eventually Simons change his tactics.


If he's not gonna connect himself to the crime, then Simons needs to see if he'll connect himself to this name that he's kind of heard a few times by this point Chili. Now apparently this chili guy is kind of rough. He hangs out at ER's store, but like all he has is clearly Chili's a nickname, right? Like right. So it seems like he kind of goes off book and he just straight up asked er if he knows this guy and Uni doesn't deny it like at all. He's like, well listen, I own this centrally located convenience store that brings in a whole bunch of different people. And yeah, one of them is this guy that everyone else calls Chili and Simon's is like, oh yeah, like that's what I thought you'd say. Like cough up the guy's real name.


But I don't even think Manier knows it. But what's connecting chili to all of this? I feel like he's kinda like popping up out of nowhere, Nowhere. Literally nothing. Yeah, I lit. The only thing that we've got is that he hangs out at this store. But really what it is is like it's just this, he's heard the name and he has this gut feeling, okay, another gut feeling by Simon's. But The line between follow your gut and trust your gut at all costs. Like I feel like it's starting to blur and like not in a great way. I would, I would. Hang on. So at this point, Simons and Fortune step out of the interview room for this quick break, and I said earlier, I think Simon's went off book because I don't think Fortune knew he was gonna ask about chili because if he had, I think they could have saved some time because fortune's like, Hey Simon's, I actually know this chili guy, what his real name is David Spence.


And he is kind of a frequent flyer and actually he'd just recently been arrested for something pretty gnarly. Him and the guy named Gilbert Melendez were arrested together for cutting a teenage boy on the leg and then sexually assaulting him. Okay, I take it all back baby. The gut isn't totally Off, it's gotten him this far, right? And if he keeps leaning into it, he's pretty sure he's got a theory about all of this. He thinks that Gail was the real target of this attack, but Jill got killed instead because it was a case of mistaken identity. I mean Do they look that similar that uni would mix them up?


Well No he wouldn't. But Simons is thinking that he hired David. Oh because Gail rejected him and I, I mean I assume it's like a, if I can't have a no one can thing, but then David mixed them up and listen right about now is when I was starting to question Simon's gut, like again it's gotten him this far but like really mistaken identity, like you killed two more people just 'cause they're there, Right? It's kind of like a bit of a Stretch. I know, but there, but like just when you like start questioning it, there's always more according to Hall Simons and Bayer discovered that just weeks before the murders uni had taken out a $20,000 accident insurance policy on Gail listing himself as her common law husband and beneficiary.


How the fuck do you explain that away? Like I don't, you almost can't, Does this accident policy like pay out on murder? Like I know they're all different, but like does it have to be a true accident? I don't know. So I don't know exactly that actually never gets like totally like filtered out like okay, but for Simons, like that's too in the weeds. Like big picture here, this looks bad for Moir, but it is great for Simons who is sure that he just unraveled the conspiracy that had confounded everyone who came before him in the 50 something whole days they worked on it. But even though this is suspicious, not everyone is sold on this.


When Lieutenant Horton finds out that Simons has ER in custody, he straight up tells both him and Bayer in a room full of detectives that they just went and messed up the entire case for everyone. But Simons is undeterred and with ER in custody, his family realizes that he needs an attorney like asap. And in the riskiest of gambits, this attorney that they hire demands that his client sit for a polygraph and he's cool with investigators arranging it. Like pick your very best favorite polygrapher like go to town, let the chips fall where they may a new Role, always get a good lawyer. Well I don't know, this guy might have been just that because as scary as this tactic was, and you know it breaks our other rule, never take a polygraph.


But in this case it plays in uni's favor. He passes a three hour polygraph and just like that, the victory Simon's thought was within his grasp just evaporates. Mooner is released from custody, Simon's is humiliated. And after 17 years with the force after this, he just up and quits. Wait, what? Why? I mean like I think clearly this guy has an ego, let's be honest, but part of the reason he quits is like I think he is still a hundred percent sold on his own theory. And if Waco PD isn't gonna let him get the justice he promised Jill, he's gonna figure out how to do it another way.


And of course the guy's got a plan, it's a plan that you know would potentially be described as hair-brained in a movie, but it would have some unlikely hero declaring like this just might work. So remember David Spence and his friend Gilbert Melendez, they're facing some serious charges that have nothing to do with Lake Waco. Both of them are being held in McClennan County jail while they're awaiting trial for that, obviously right now Simons is newly unemployed and he's gonna play the long game. So what does he do? He takes an entry level job in the county jail because he's gonna cozy up to David and try and get a confession out of him.


What? I know there's a first for everything. And listen, Simons has charisma and he starts throwing a little kindness David's way. And before long David actually likes him. They talk for hours upon hours about everything under the sun, including the murders that Simons wants to take him down on. And this is the thing, there's like no game here. He knows it. Halls writes that during an especially difficult period, David's girlfriend is about to abandon him. And he says to Simons basically like, you're my only friend and you're trying to kill me like dark times for David, because we're in 1980s, Texas the phrase trying to kill me is not a metaphor here.


Simons literally is trying to get him killed. He wants to put David on death row, right? And David knows it. But this isn't to say that Simons puts all his eggs in one basket. 'cause try as he might to wrangle a confession out of David. David does not budge on Lake Waco. He swears he wasn't involved and he's not gonna say he was. But no worries. Simons deploys that trademark charisma to develop other relationships as well, relationships with other inmates. So when one of the inmates he's been working, Kevin Michael suddenly approaches him in January of 83 saying that he heard David confess with his own two ears.


Simons is sure that all of his hard work finally has paid off. The informant also delivers up a new co-defendant on a silver platter. David's co-defendant in a sexual assault case, Gilbert Melendez. Now obviously Simons isn't on the force anymore, so he can't just phone up the police chief at home. So instead he calls the new da, it's this guy named Vic Fazel who's young and brash and eager to make a name for himself. And he gets Elle's assistant and is like, Hey Vic's assistant, you're never gonna believe this. But I've got David Spence dead to rights on the Lake Waco case. Like the guys confessed to every inmate that crosses his path. 'cause by the way, it's not just Kevin, this time, like before long informants were coming out of the woodwork of to turn on David.


Now Fazel is interested enough that he puts together a task force on the case in March of 1983. I mean, it's not like Wikipedia has done much since Simon's resigned. So why not make Simon's part of the new team? And now that one of the informants is pointing the finger at Gilbert, Simons has some serious leverage all of a sudden, right divide and conquer. First he goes to Gilbert and is like, so listen, I got some good news and I got some bad news, bad news first I'm about to put you on death row. But now the good news, if you're a really good boy and help me put David on death row. No harm, no foul. You can go on your merry way.


I'll go on mine Capish. So like He gets immunity. I don't like, it's hard to pin down exactly what was and wasn't offered and Like what Simons was authorized to offer, right? Yeah, Exactly. But eventually Simons has him scared enough of the death penalty to agree to cooperate just to avoid that. And so he faults, he says he was there, so was David. Now there's a minor hiccup when Simons takes Gilbert out to both parks, he takes him to Kaney Park and Spiegel Park and Gilbert can't tell Simons who did what or when or where. Like he seems all dazed and confused. But as far as Simons is concerned, like okay, no big thing.


Gilbert said that him and David were drinking, they were getting high. So he kinda just like writes off the gaps in memory to that. But then Gilbert recants, ooh, now not knowing the specifics of the case plus this, plus how we got here. I'm like, yeah, this was a false confession, but Simons doesn't want that. Instead he finds a new way at Gilbert since Gilbert was his way at David who was his way at uni. Simon starts looking at Gilbert's brother Tony, who is actively wanted in Corpus Christi on robbery and sexual assault charges. He picks up, Tony brings him in.


I think he's hoping that he'll be able to pin Gilbert down. Maybe Gilbert had confessed to Tony or something or who knows. But then somewhere along the way, Simons seems to get another one of his famous hunches and he starts to suspect that Tony could have been part of Lake Waco too. So now he has one more suspect, but But also like one less confession, Still no confession and no physical evidence tying any of these men to the crime until assistant district attorney Ned Butler finds the clincher. So one day this guy is looking over the Lake Waco autopsy photos when he has this like eureka moment.


Remember those tiny bruises Dr. Gilland had noticed on Jill that like she didn't know, but like it like all these Are Here, but worth mentioning. Yeah, well Ned thinks that there are a whole lot more than just tiny little bruises. He is coming off the heels of winning his first death penalty case. Thanks. In large part to the developing field of forensic odontology. Oh, Like teeth marks? Yes. And he now knows a bite mark when he sees one and he knows just the expert to call to confirm this. So he calls up a forensic O ontologist, Homer Campbell, he gets 'em all the information, the pictures and homer's like, you are spot on my dude.


These are bite marks like congratulations. So Ned has him compare the teeth marks with a dental mold of David's teeth and wouldn't you know it, they're a match. So with a confession from Gilbert, even a recanted one and David's teeth marks on Jill, he is full speed Ahead. And in this like theory, this layout of how everything happened, is Meir still the mastermind of it all? Like are we still talking a case of like mistaken identity? It was supposed to be Gail, but it was Jill. Yes. I mean you don't have to provide a motive in court like, you know, but if they wanna take this to court like a Y helps and that's their why.


Right. And on November 21st, 1983, a grand jury indicts mooner David Gilbert and Gilbert's younger brother Tony on capital murder charges. In April of 1984, the judge decides that David will go to trial first, specifically on the capital murder charges pertaining to Jill's death. The trial starts on June 18th and the closer the trial date comes, the more and more important it seems like the bite mark evidence could be 'cause Gilbert's sticking to his recantation. And Tony has denied any involvement from the start. But just days before David's first trial starts, that changes and Tony flips.


He agrees to plead guilty to two counts of murder and claims. He, David and Gilbert killed the teens in Kaney Park before transporting them to Spiegel Park. Just like Simon's had always suspected. And in exchange for Tony's cooperation, he will get the relatively lighter sentence of life without parole. So up against some jailhouse informants, a cooperating co-defendant and a forensic o ontologist to boot, David is convicted for the murder of Jill Montgomery after roughly a two week trial and within days he gets sentenced to death, which is right about the time when Gilbert decides to start cooperating again.


And he takes the same deal as his younger brother ER's first trial also for Jill's murder starts on February 21st, 1985. And it goes about the same as David's had with a new piece of evidence though, shortly after David's first trial, Simons had been walking around Kaney Park with an investigator from the DA's office, and they walked around the spot that Tony said the kids were murdered in. Like in his confession. And apparently laying on the ground under some leaves was a gold bracelet that looked a heck of a lot like one that Jill had. And so to Simon's, it's more proof of the men's guilt.


How so? I think because it backed up like Tony's version of events because it was Like in that location. Yeah, I mean it proves that least to Simon's in the prosecution that he's telling the truth, I think. But just as an aside here, I don't know if the family ever bought the idea fully that it was her bracelet. 'cause I guess it did look like the one she owned, but it was like ultra clean. Like, because if you, if you think about it at this point, it would've had to have been sitting on the elements for two years. Mm. And what are the odds of just finding it when the whole area had been thoroughly searched? True. Like it's just under a couple of leaves, so I don't know. But whatever story they told around it, the jury believed it. And uni's trial ends in a guilty verdict and a death sentence.


Do they actually have anything concrete proving Uni hired them The confessions of two of his co-defendants with the testimony of some like informants sprinkled in? Okay, question mark. Now at David's second trial, this one is for the murders of Kenneth Franks. He gets another guilty verdict as well as another death sentence. And to the chagrin of many skeptics at the Waco Police Department, Truman Simons becomes a true hometown hero. After David's first trial, the jurors even request to like meet him in the flesh and who is Fazel to deny them the experience of a lifetime. He takes them into the jury room and he says, quote, ladies and gentlemen, I thank God for men like Truman Simons.


So should you. And they do. They really, really do along with just about every other citizen of the state. I mean, Simons goes on to be celebrated wherever he goes in every last corner of the state, even going on to win a Peace Officer of the Year award. But before even receiving that award, questions start to arise about whether that title was actually deserved, whether the case was actually solved, or if Simons was so dead set on proving his gut right that he and some of Waco's most influential people railroaded for innocent men.


I'm gonna tell you the other side of the story. Next week, unless you're in the Crime Junkie, fan club, fan club members get to listen to part two Right now you can find part two in the Crime Junkie app available in the Apple App Store and Google Play. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com, And you can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast.


We'll be back next week with a brand new episode. Crime Junkie is an check production. So what do you think, Chuck?


Do you


approve? Every day our world gets a little more connected, but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't worry, we'll get you taken care of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human Amica. Empathy is our best policy


When living with cancer. It's important to be informed and know what to expect, but finding the right information can feel overwhelming. That's why understand Cancer together.com is here to help. We've gathered practical information and resources based on where you are in your cancer journey so that you can focus on the important conversations and decisions of today. Understand cancer together.com. Helping you navigate life with cancer one moment at a time.