
Hi Crime junkies. It's Ashley.


Six years ago when we did our very first Crime Junkie tour, we told a story about a young girl who was murdered. Well, within that story, the killer had Googled Dana Ireland autopsy photos. That small piece of the larger story set me on a years long spiral, picking apart the murder of a young woman On Christmas Eve, three men were convicted of her murder, but it was clear that the real killer had never been identified. But how that happened is a wild story, one that we are telling you in the new season of three, hosted by Amanda Knox, hear the full story in season two of three. You can listen to three now wherever you get your podcasts.


In 19 32, 1 man opened a two room business school above a nondescript storefront in downtown Manchester, New Hampshire. How did it become one of the largest universities in the country? Okay, this case isn't exactly a mystery. Southern New Hampshire University offers over 200 degrees you can earn from your couch and with low online tuition. Southern New Hampshire University makes earning your degree affordable too. Buying your degree@snu.edu slash Crime Junkie. That's SN h u.edu/ Crime Junkie.


Homes without security systems are up to 300% more likely to be targeted by burglars. SimpliSafe, active guard outdoor monitoring that enables live monitoring agents to verbally engage suspicious people. Keeping your home off the target list. SimpliSafe is easy enough for my whole family to use while also being the comprehensive protection we want in a home security system. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The all new S 25 Ultra is integrated with incredible AI features. It's a true AI companion capable of handling multiple tasks with just one ask. You can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to your friends or search for recipes and add them to your notes. Plus now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings like your appointments, the weather, and your energy score. It's basically the rundown I used to get from my assistant every morning. And don't worry, AI will never put her out of a job. She is amazing. But the now brief with Galaxy AI makes it easy to plan and organize everything from where we're going to lunch to debrief and interview on a reporting trip to travel plans for the tour. You can even use it to help plan your trip to see the Crime Junkie Life Rule number 10 tour. Get your Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Seamless actions across apps is compatible with select apps, requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection, galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


Hi Crime Junkies, I'm your host, Ashley Flowers, and I'm Britt. And we actually have a special guest today if you hear a little whimper or tiffy taps or anything Orno for the first time since like early days, Crime Junkie, old man Chuck is in the room while we're recording, so please forgive us. But our 14-year-old man wanted to cuddle today and I'm, I'm allowing it totally and it's not gonna keep me from telling you an incredible story. And that story is a mystery right out of our home state of Indiana. But listen, Brit, the circumstances of this are so foreign that I've heard this story, but it always felt so far away to me. We're talking horse mobsters, illegal medical boats operating out in open waters.


There has been no case like this before or since, and that's why it's one of Indiana's most INFAMOUS cases.


The workday has barely started on Monday, July 4th, 1966 when Indiana Dunes State Park, which today is surrounded by Indiana Dunes National Park, like it's like a whole thing. Anyways, superintendent Williams Feick is getting a panicked call on his office phone. The caller IDs himself is Harold Blau and he's like, look, my daughter and her friends were at your park on Saturday. It's Monday now and they haven't come home. My wife and I are super worried. Now all of these are, you know, these are three young women. Harold's daughter Patricia, she's 19. Her friends Ann Miller and Renee Bruhl are around the same age, like 21 and 19 respectively. Okay?


But Patricia still lives at home and she wouldn't leave for days without giving her parents a heads up. And Patricia had even told her mom Saturday that morning when she left that she would be home that night for dinner and the other girls were supposed to be home too, but none of them returned to their Chicago homes just over the state line. Spek tells Harold, okay, listen, I'll look into it, but this uneasy feeling starts to creep in his belly because he might already know something about the missing girls and it could be bad. You see, two days before on Saturday a park ranger had brought a bunch of random items into his office saying that there were things that had been left on the beach of Lake Michigan by three women who went into the water and boarded a boat around noon that day but then never returned.


How did they know that? Because there were witnesses, there were some teenagers nearby that had seen them get onto the boat. They saw them leave their stuff and then they alerted the ranger when they were like those teenagers were getting ready to go and the stuff was still there because it seemed like this is the kind of stuff that you like wouldn't, you would leave only if you were planning to come back, right? Like there's like the thermos of some sunglasses, lotion, those kind of things. Even more significant items too, like cash, a purse, clothes, a pair of shoes. Like they should have been back right now. At the time the Ranger wasn't especially concerned when he collected these things though the Chicago Tribune reports that he did get a description of the boat at least, which they said was a small boat with white exterior and a blue interior, maybe turquoise ish blue, and it had an outboard motor.


They even gave the ranger a description of the driver, which they say was a tan, dark-haired young man. But listen, people leave stuff on the beach all the time, especially on crowded days like the Saturday before the 4th of July. So at the time he just gathered the things up and dropped them in FedEx office. But no one was like out manning a massive search or trying to find the owners of these items at the time. Now everyone kind of thought that whoever it was that owned these things would've eventually come looking for this stuff at some point. But now with this phone call, a darker thought washes over aesthetic. Lake Michigan is notorious for its strong unpredictable currents.


Like it is not outside the realm of possibility that the women, maybe even their captain too, had gone for a swim or gotten into an accident and found themselves outmatched by Mother Nature. Like we live here, so many people underestimate Lake Michigan. Yeah. Yeah. So once he hangs up with Harold, FedEx starts rifling through the items. He's looking for clues. And I mean, to be fair, he doesn't even know that the women who left these things were Patricia Ann and Renee. It just like to him feels too much like of a coincidence not to be, but that's the first order of business right now. When he finds a key chain with car keys and a miniature Illinois license plate and realizes that the plate has what looks like a pretty legitimate plate number, he gets this idea.


He calls a few employees, sends them out to check the parking lot near the dunes, and sure enough, there is a car with that exact plate in the lot. And sure enough, when they run down the plate number with Chicago PD, SPT gets the confirmation he needs. The car in the parking lot is registered to Anne Miller from the Chicago suburb of Westchester, which makes this official. He has got a triple disappearance on his hands and something of that magnitude is above his pay grade. So that's when seasoned Indiana State police investigator detective First Sergeant Edward Burke steps in to help the investigation and he doesn't waste any time.


One of his first moves is to go through the purse that had been left on the beach and it turns out that purse belonged to Renee and he knows it's hers because inside he finds this rather intriguing letter. Now Anne and Patricia lived at home with their parents, but 19-year-old Renee is actually married and lives with her husband at the time. And this letter that they find was addressed to him And is He like away somewhere? No. So they live together. I mean I assume they see each other like on the daily, but it seems like maybe they were a couple that liked to get thoughts down on paper when there were like big things, which I think is what this was. 'cause basically in this letter there are some issues that she brings up. Like her husband's spending way too much time with his buddies tinkering with hot rods, which like sounds light and almost cute, but it wasn't either of those things to Renee.


She even threatens to split up over this. Oh wow. But it looks like, I mean maybe she had second thoughts about giving this to him because according to the date scribbled on this letter, it's like two weeks old by that point, like when he's seeing it. So Sergeant Burke isn't quite sure what to make of it, but he also doesn't have time to really ponder this feeling like Feick might be right about the woman's fate. He calls the US Coast Guard to search the lake near the park way at the southern end. And boy does the Coast Guard have their work cut out for them because Lake Michigan is enormous. I said, you guys, everyone underestimates that lake is like not even the right word, over 22,000 square miles.


Enormous is how big we're talking about. And even if you've seen the lakes on like a map in school or geography or whatever, like it doesn't give you a sense for it. No. Like standing on the shore, it honestly looks like an Ocean. An ocean. Yeah. I mean you can get out there at at some point and literally not see land on any side of you. It is huge. So it's not all that surprising when they end the day empty handed. So first thing next morning, Sergeant Burke gets a huge ground search going to compliment the Coast Guard's efforts. He wants every last square inch of the park covered and also a good stretch of shoreline beyond the park and it's a hell of a task. And for it he assembles a hell of a search party, a bunch of troopers and park rangers obviously, and even soldiers from a nearby base, deputies from Porter County Sheriff's Office, citizen volunteers who will eventually be joined by their bloodhounds and with the Coast Guard still at it.


They're searching literally plane, train and automobile here. And maybe not literally, but almost you get what I'm saying. And by the end of the day, the searches have covered 40% of the park almost and still there is just nothing. Now the Chicago Tribune reports that while the search is put on hold overnight, Sergeant Burke orders a patrol to man the shore until sunrise. The thinking being that like if the women maybe drowned, their bodies could wash up soon. And while drowning from a boating accident is only one theory, it's not at all out of the question that they also could have met with foul play. So they gotta find this boat like if they're gonna know either way, right? And while there are some sightings of white boats with blue interiors, they don't find a boat that could have been in the area like the boat when the girls went missing.


Are they sure they even got on a boat in the first place? I know we have that one sighting of the three girls getting on the boat, but did anyone else see that happen? They're Not sure of anything. I mean you're right, all they have to back up even this boat story like from the beginning is just the word from those teenagers who alerted the ranger. But I will say over the first couple of days as this goes on, like when the story starts making news, people start coming forward, they start getting some more witness tips. And that does seem to support the boat story more. People who say they saw the women climb onto a white boat with a dark-haired, well tan man that day. And actually there are even a few reports of them being seen on a larger boat like this time with three men.


And that was at some point as well, like that same afternoon. But for some reason I think that like those are mostly discounted. So a few days into the search, the idea of some sort of fatality causing boat accidents starts to gain traction. But according to more reporting in the Chicago Tribune, random boat debris starts washing up on shore not far from the park, pieces of seats, styrofoam scraps of metal, plywood, turquoise, plywood. And they can tell that this wreckage came from what the reporting refers to as a quote unquote outboard motorboat. And like I said, this stuff isn't washing up hours away, it's washing up like three miles away near some sort of power plant.


Now at this time there haven't been any reports of a missing boat, no reports of a crash or of missing or injured boaters, which some find kind of strange. But it also might just mean that the guy who owned the boat isn't around to report it missing or couldn't call it in before something happened. Right? Or destroying the boat was intentional because they find something weird among the wreckage, the debris is strewn with cans of oil and gasoline. Some of the plywood is even doused in


it. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like the perfect life loving family, great friends, until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. Paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth, Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. We got the chance to watch the first couple episodes of Happy Face early and I was absolutely on the edge of my seat. You all have to check it out too. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount plus


T-Mobile Home internet is all about speed value. Whatcha doing Zach? I'm person. There are so many benefits. You gotta talk fast. T-Mobile home internet ranks number one in customer satisfaction for home wireless internet by JD Power. Wow, you are good. Try singing it. T-Mobile has price luck. They won't raise your rate on internet Hulu and Paramount Plus on there On there get T-Mobile home internet all in for just 55 bucks a month with autopay and any postpaid voice line additional Turns apply for JD Power 2024 award information visit gd power com slash awards


So it feels like something fishy is afoot. And yet, pretty quickly authorities announced that the wreckage couldn't have anything to do with the missing women because there were no reports of a boating accident. All the more reason to be suspicious. I mean, something clearly happened here, the boat didn't douse itself in gasoline And it only gets worse from there because the Ute star reports that soon authorities announce that the wreckage is from a rowboat, a metal rowboat. Mm, a metal rowboat that was also made of turquoise plywood and collided with something with enough force to just completely disintegrate it into pieces.


Yes. Right? Like it feels like there's some tunnel vision going on here. Yeah, because the re Haute Tribune reports that when investigators are asked about three different possibilities, right? So like drowning foul play or a planned disappearance, their response is telling, they say that there is no evidence of drowning or foul play. So now they think the women pieced out on purpose. Well At first they play it coy, but by the one week mark, Sergeant Burke is like, yeah we are pretty sure this was all orchestrated The boat stuff too. Like they blew it up or that's unrelated still, Still unrelated. They're not even trying to make sense of the wreckage.


And I get why they start doubting the drowning theory like maybe a little premature. But I mean they've devoted so much manpower to searching the southern end of Lake Michigan and from like every angle too, they've got those ground searches, boat search, whatever, like divers are even in there. And with everything they're thinking like if the women did drown, like someone should have found something by now that indicated that Okay, so not drowning but no evidence of foul play based on what? On the fact that that there's no evidence like, but There's also no evidence that it wasn't foul Play. I know we, I feel like we've done this like dance before.


Yeah. Anyways, the the whole idea of it not being foul play 'cause there's no evidence of foul play. Like to me that's bananas. Especially when the one thing that might have the evidence of foul play has been discounted. Right? Yeah. And listen, I get that walked off on their own is always a theory when you have a person go missing. But to me it seems super farfetched to think about three women with three different lives, three different sets of circumstances, all committing to disappearing at once on purpose. It's not not possible, it's just, It's like it's way less likely. Yeah. Yeah. I think mostly they think this because there start to be some supposed sightings I guess like near and far one like on a bus or like in a bar or a club or whatever.


And these are like miles and miles away with strange men. Sometimes they're even saying like hitchhiking according to the Chicago Tribune and all of these, like they never turn out to be legit, but investigators run each one down and they keep coming in. So I'm sure that's playing a role here. But I also suspect that it has a lot to do with the letter that they found in Renee's purse. The one to her husband. The one about The hot rods. Yeah, like so they decided basically that she may have wanted to just skip town on account of her marital discord. She didn't even give him the letter though. I know. And that has nothing to explain the other two disappearing with her.


I know. And they obviously questioned the husband by the way, like he's in the clear. So her loved ones are like, okay, we hear you, but also are you serious right now? Like she's 19 years old and her feelings were hurt over like something you can probably work through. Right? And that was weeks ago. And again I say it has nothing to do with why Anne and Patricia would have left. Like they're not giving up their lives in what? Solidarity over a husband's hobby. Yeah. Not maybe in solidarity. The Chicago Tribune reports that according to Sergeant Burke, all three, Anne and Patricia included have quote unquote personal problems, but he wouldn't say what those are.


Which isn't to say like we don't know what he's getting at because long story short, what we know is that Patricia's sister Janice tells Dateline in a recent interview. So like we find this out way later, that Patricia had been canoodling with a married man and Anne had supposedly told friends that she was three months pregnant and might enter a quote unquote home for unwed mothers, which is very much a thing in 1966. But it is such an antiquated concept in like the year of our Lord 2025. Well at least for now that I asked you to do some digging and give the crime junkies a quick explainer for the young folk listening. Can't know where you're going unless you know where you've been.


Right? So being a pregnant unwed woman in the sixties, give it to us. Obviously, like you said, like I knew about the concept, but I wanted to read up a little bit before this episode. So I found an article on Scary Mommy, which I'll link to if you wanna go deeper, there's even like a book on this. But basically there were these homes where families of unmarried pregnant girls and women hid their daughters away while they were pregnant. So no one would have to see them because God Forbid, God forbid, yeah, what a shame. And where were the men who got these women and girls pregnant? Obviously they were out there living their lives. The women were the ones forced to wear this scarlet letter in the form of that baby bump. Then once they gave birth and their babies were adopted out voluntarily or otherwise then and only then could the women and girls be returned to polite society, White society.


Love it. So these are supposedly some of the personal problems that Sergeant Burke is referring to. Although put a pin in that because we're gonna circle back to it later. But personal problems are not, the women's families don't agree and they are just more convinced by the day that the disappearances weren't by choice. And on July 14th, this is just 12 days in that fear starts to gain traction when a brutal crime captures the attention of, well everyone now it's very different, but it involves multiple young women being held and killed at a single time by a single person and from the same area where the women are from Chicago.


So it at the time does feel worth looking into. And lemme just give you a little like the spark notes on this case. Corky Mko reports for NBC news that around 11:00 PM on the night of July 13th, a man armed with a gun and a hunting knife climbed through the first floor window of a Chicago townhouse where six student nurses were sleeping in two upstairs bedrooms. He crept up the stairs, woke up all six and corralled them into a third bedroom, binding their hands behind their back. And he spent the next few hours walking them out of the room one by one and killing them one after another, some of them by stabbing some by strangulation and some by a combination of the two.


And I don't know why this next detail bothers me so much, but his victims weren't even just the six women in the house when he broke in because three more residents had the great fortune of being gone when the bloodshed started and the even greater misfortune of coming home while it was unfolding. Chimko writes that eight women were tortured and killed over like four and a half long hours that night. At least one victim was sexually assaulted, although I would wager that she probably wasn't the only one. Wouldn't it be nine victims if six were already there and then three came Home. It would have, if one woman didn't have the right combination of courage, quick thinking, and honestly maybe sheer luck to survive her name was Corone Amra.


And seeing her last chance at survival, she actually crawled under one of the beds while the killer was out of the room. And from her hiding spot, she heard each of her roommates get marched out of the room, followed by what Shiko describes as muffled cries and then silence. And somehow he just didn't notice, like there were so many victims that this dude lost count. And so when Cortisone crawled back out at around six o'clock in the morning, it was just carnage. Jamco writes that she was so traumatized and so terrified that she climbed onto the ledge of a second story window and just started screaming.


I mean for all she knew the killer was still inside somewhere. So once she was safe, she gave police a pretty damn detailed description of the perp right down to his born to raise hell tattoo. And that ends up being the key because just two days later, a Chicago physician feels his blood go cold when he sees the same four words on a patient's forearm. This patient was 24-year-old Richard Speck having grown up in Texas. Speck is new to the Chicago area where he's been staying with his sister and her husband and like so many killers before him, he's like, no officers, I swear to you I you have the wrong guy.


Absolutely not. Which like they absolutely do not because his prints are all over the crime scene. SCO reports that the assistant DA who eventually prosecutes him for eight counts of capital murder gives him the dubious distinction of being the country's first random mass murderer. Random being the operative word since organized crime was definitely a thing in Chicago before this guy. But you get what I'm saying? So this random massacre happens to a group of women from the same area just two weeks after the Indiana Dunes women go missing and everyone's like, Hey, maybe you should look at this because you got truly at this point, nothing else other than they walked away and nobody's buying that ISP superintendent Robert O'Neill.


He's like, yeah, listen, we're checking on it, but like don't get your hopes up. And Sergeant Burke is even blunter saying like there is no suggestion Spec was near let alone at Lake Michigan the day that the women went missing. And even if he was, let's just say that in addition to not being a criminal mastermind, spec isn't tall, dark, or handsome and he doesn't have resources to get his hands on a boat or even to charm or lure three victims aboard a boat. I will admit that it's a little intriguing that he worked as what the Chicago History Museum calls a quote unquote apprentice semen. But I won't waste any of your time on him. Like at the end of the day it is decided by all that this is just an intriguing coincidence.


And nothing more


Arming a SimpliSafe home security does more than just secure a home and loved ones. It creates a feeling of safety. With SimpliSafe sleep comes easier and leaving the house feels more confident. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around $1 a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. SimpliSafe has been my family's home security system for nearly seven years now. And I've said it before and I'll say it again. Again. In every place we've lived in those seven years, SimpliSafe is always the first thing that gets moved in. So we know our home and family are protected from our very first day visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Growing up, Melissa had what looked like the perfect life loving family, great friends, until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer. Paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go To uncover the truth, Anna Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. We got the chance to watch the first couple episodes of Happy Face early and I was absolutely on the edge of my seat. You all have to check it out too. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


So the next theory that comes up, it's, it might even be more of a stretch I guess is what I should say. And it all starts with this guy named Dick Wiley, who according to the New York Daily News, was supposedly the first reporter on the scene the morning that the women were reported missing. Now he only covered the case briefly, it's not like he was deeply involved and within a few years of the disappearances, he quit journalism altogether and jumped into a career in law enforcement down in Florida. But he couldn't get the disappearances out of his mind like they became his own personal Roman empire, if you will. So Dick Wiley believes, are you ready for this?


I'll answer it for you. No you're not. He believes that the women died aboard an abortion boat. A what? Wiley is absolutely certain that the disappearances can be traced back to an abortion boat. You, You just keep repeating that like it's gonna make more sense a second time around. What the fuck is an abortion boat? It's exactly what it sounds like. He, he says it's a boat on Lake Michigan where elicit abortions are performed. Is that a real thing? If you ask Dick Wiley, yes. And the theory he has behind this abortion boat is wild. Now we know that Anne may have been pregnant and that Patricia May have been seeing a married guy, right?


Well, Wiley posits, what if Anne and Patricia were both pregnant by married men? Nothing to back this up, I assume, just kind of a combining of their two possible scenarios. It seems that way. I like, like he doesn't give an explanation other than like a what if. Okay, I'm not sure how or why, but basically he just says that in the course of his personal investigation he learns that that's the situation. Now he says that puts them both in a pickle because it was 1960 whatever and years before Roe v. Wade gave us, you know, brief bodily autonomy before controlling women became everyone's top priority again.


And we've already talked about what a moral stain out of wedlock pregnancies were back then. And in all seriousness, back alley abortions absolutely were a thing in 1966. Botched back alley abortions were too. So basically Wiley believes that there was this married couple operating an illicit abortion clinic in Gary, Indiana. For those of you who don't know, that's what like on the coast of Lake Michigan near Chicago and the Indiana Dunes. So like right in that area, Can we prove that that part is real? The this duo in their clinic? I actually have the same question Google couldn't tell me. So I reached out to the Indiana State Police, they were super duper helpful and they confirmed that the couple he's talking about was a real couple.


Their names are known by police, but as far as the whole illicit abortion operation, part of it goes, police don't know. They say that they have never been able to substantiate that part of Wiley's story. But the story goes that one of the women's procedures went south, either Ann or Patricia, they died. And with this being an illegal enterprise, the other two had to just be disposed of. Is he saying that they did this procedure on the boat like, or like the boat that picked them up and was supposed to take them to where the abortion would happen? Well, okay, so supposedly that young, dark, handsome captain was actually this couple's relative and the thought is that he escorted them to a larger boat.


And remember, if you like a couple of witnesses saw them on a larger boat and the thinking is maybe like that's where the procedures happened or were supposed to have happened. Where is Wiley getting all this From? This is the thing we don't know and we try to get to the bottom of it, believe me, because all you gotta do is spend a few minutes on Google to realize like how wide this theory has spread. Not so much in traditional reporting, more like in blogs and on web forms and all of that stuff. And so of course we thought like, okay, what better way to evaluate these claims than to go straight to the source? I mean, Dick Wiley is still alive in kicking.


So we did our damnedest to talk to him about this case. Our reporter Courtney was like straight up giddy at the prospect of interviewing him. And she reached out to him on Facebook. She called every number she could find no dice. Like there was one person she even got on the phone. We got like a very like gruff wrong number before they hang up. So all we know is that he claims to have interviewed more people more times and with more tenacity than the actual investigators. He says, and based on those interviews, this is what he has uncovered. But the more we dug in, the more it seems like all roads on the abortion theory just lead back to Wiley himself.


Like this man talks a big game. There is no doubt about that. But I don't know if he actually has the work to show like show your math, right? Like how did you get the answer? And I don't think he's been able to do that. And he supposedly had plans to publish a book on this case. Like since the early aughts, there's even an Amazon listing for it still. It's called Life and Death Through the Lens, which, and it had like a publication date way back in 2004, I think. Except the book is not available, not on Amazon, not anywhere else in the worldwide web that we could find. And there's a 2012 New York daily news interview with Wiley that references a like quote hun, like I think it was like 120,000 word manuscript.


But here we are like 13 years later and that manuscript has yet to see the light of day. So if you're gonna believe this year, you just have to like take him at his word and like, I dunno, I think it it, it bears emphasizing that Wiley seems to be blessed with a very active imagination. His Facebook persona for example, is like very much a conspiracy obsessed, angry grandpa who posts like in all caps, cool. And you know, your girl loves like a good conspiracy theory. Like that's my jam. It's who I intend on being a little bit when I'm older. But I also don't want to sugarcoat the fact that his posts get really ugly at times to put it mildly. And the man specifically seems to have a mild fixation on reproductive rights in general, which I think is relevant considering his theory.


Yeah, and I, I have to give you just a little bit of context. So I printed out one of his posts. This is one of his public posts that he made on May 9th, 2021. Okay, this post is in all caps, literally Want to wish all mothers a last Mother's day? Yes, I said last Mother's day just now over tv. The name has been changed to birthing person day. I hope all you women slash mothers see the respect the Democrats have for your kind of devotion to America's youth. Let me be one of the first to announce support for renaming all abortion centers, abortion doctors, and Planned Parenthood groups killing centers from this day forward as a last vested of true patriotic Americanism are mothers.


Yesterday, my dear Aunt Shirley was buried at 90 years old, the devoted mother to four wonderful children and the surrogate mother of more than 30 foster children. In her busy lifetime, she was more than a birthing person. She was God's angel sent to earth to become a mother, not to be a murderer of children or killing centers where confused women go who don't have the ability to be a mother. Thank God she was already in heaven today and didn't have to bear being demoted from a truly loving mother to just another person the Democrats can add to their voter rolls as a person. Sort of like changing the name applied to an illegal criminal alien to a poor undocumented person.


Wow. Ashley, what? And listen, not to make this episode about Wiley or getting like to extreme ends of like either side or getting people fired up, but like, I don't know, I'm having a hard time holding my tongue these days. You guys, I gotta say like this inflammatory sh like I think we're all over it, right? Like everyone's working to divide us as a people because the truth is we're stronger together. And if we're distracted by issues like what things are called, like we can't come together on issues that matter. Like who gives a flying what the day is called. It's not hurting anybody. It doesn't take away from me, I'm a mom. Like live your own life, worry about your own damn self.


Like it makes someone like feel included. Great. Why would I care? I care about things that actually affect my life, my daughter's life. Like the fact that insurance companies are like us over right and left. And basic healthcare isn't considered a human right. I also don't care if it's called the Gulf of Mexico or the Gulf of America or the Gulf of whatever. And while we're on the topic of meaningless rhetoric intended to like pit people against each other, there is even a proposed resolution in the house right now that expresses support for pro women's health centers. Like I posted about this, I dunno if you saw it. I did. And I you not. It says that like these healthcare centers are supposed to address the needs of men, like women's healthcare should address the needs of men.


Who by the way is Wiley is like, that's who we're worried about, right? Anyways, so I know I got a little sidetracked, but I wanted to show you who Wiley is while also saying like give Us some perspective and like like And like, and I wanted to show you who he was with, but also saying like, let's not let the thing that Wiley said take over this episode. Like I swear to God if all the comments on this episode become about Mother's Day, I'm gonna quit to bring it back to Dick Wiley. That's who he is. He hasn't shown any proof of his findings that could be verified by other journalists or police. While his theory might be one of the loudest ones on the internet, it is not the only one.


'cause what if I told you that there is another theory out there? One that is every bit is wild, every bit is fantastical, every bit is conspiratorial and it is the one that seems the most likely to be true. Now, to explain this theory, I need to tell you a little bit more about Anne Patricia and Renee and their shared love of horses. I know you're a horse Girl. I'm in. In fact, the Chicago Tribune reports that while Patricia and Renee had been high school classmates, Patricia met Anne at the Oak Brook Polo Club where they both boarded their riding horses and Anne also worked there. In fact, at the time of the disappearances, Patricia owned a racehorse named Hank.


And he was one of the biggest reasons that her dad, Harold never like bought into the idea that the women would've like gone off on their own even if all of the other weird could be explained away, which it can't. So like there's so much that doesn't make sense. Harold knew that his daughter would not abandon Hank. It wasn't possible. It was something that he said over and over and over again, including to Sergeant Burke, like she would never have left that horse behind. You guys know how much I love Charlie? Charlie's like my mini horse. That's how I feel. I was gonna say I am a horse girl. I grew up with a horse that I would've never in a million years left behind for anything. He was my baby.


You horse girls are next level too. So anyways, so remember how I told you to put a pin in the women's personal problems? Yes. Okay, so Renee's were the marital issues that we know and was this potential pregnancy and I think Patricia's had to do with the wide world of horse racing. So when her sister Janice sat with Dateline for an interview in 2023, she talked about some weird stuff going on with Patricia at the time leading up to her disappearance. Like how she was acting strangely the day before she disappeared, scared even although Janice didn't elaborate, she also described this conversation they had had recently or like before they went missing.


And Patricia was crying, which alone is super outta character. Now some people are criers, some people aren't, and Patricia was not. And she told Janice that she was in a lot of trouble. Janice's mind immediately went to the married boyfriend. We know that she might have had. So she asked if she was pregnant. Don't tell Dick Wiley. I know, I'm sure he already knows this, but according to Janice, she wasn't pregnant, that's not it. Whatever it was was worse in her mind than that because her response was quote, I wish it was that easy, which Is saying A lot in 1966 at that I I know. And Janice wasn't the only person close to Patricia who noticed something was off before she disappeared.


A friend of hers had told Sergeant Burke's team way back at the beginning of the investigation about this weird situation in March of that year when Patricia had some sort of like bruising on her face. And the friend was like, WTF, what actually happened to your face? I mean, it looked like she got straight up clocked. And according to the Chicago Tribune, Patricia said that she was in trouble with some quote unquote syndicate people Like the mob. This is where the horse mob comes in. So get this, and I'm gonna give you a little backstory for just a sec, but I promise we are like coming back around and you're gonna wanna know this. So apparently the 1960s equestrian scene in Chicago was run by a rough crowd known as the horse syndicate.


And at the center of this horse syndicate was a man by the name of Silas Jane Silas had been playing fast and loose in the industry since the late 1930s when he opened a place called the Green Tree stables and embarked on a long and story career of lying, cheating, and stealing his way to the top and defending his interest by any means necessary, including possibly by ordering a hit on one of the nation's wealthiest heiresses in 1977. By the way, now most of his brothers were cut from the same cloth, but one of them wasn't his much younger half-brother George. And that infuriated Silas.


By 1952, according to the Chicago Tribune magazine, George had also joined the stable business. And the thing was, whereas Silas made his money kind of in the shadows, George made his by being a generally competent business owner. And now that the brothers were competitors, that was something Silas just could not have, which led to poor George having some seriously bad luck. Like in 1952 when his house went up in flames for who knows what reason, while he and his family were out of town, brotherly relations took an especially dark turn after George's horse beat Silas's horse at a jumping competition in the early 1960s.


And before he knew it, it wasn't just George's property at risk, a hit was carried out on one of his best horses. His stables were being shot up and George himself was surviving brushes with death damn near on the weekly. Everywhere he went, someone was trying to run him off the road or blow up his house. Like no joke, one day he and his wife found dynamite affixed to their back door and it had actually fizzled out before it could cause any damage. But clearly a message was trying to be sent clearly by Silas and George wasn't getting it. Now, 1965 is when really hit the fan. By this point George owned tricolor riding stables.


And one day in June of that year, George asked one of his employees, a 22-year-old named Cheryl Lyn rude to move his car for him. So she hopped into the driver's seat, turns the key in the ignition, which is when the car exploded in spectacular fashion. It had been rigged with dynamite, which meant that George had just survived his most dramatic brush with death yet. But Cheryl wasn't so fortunate she was killed instantly. And for once in his life, Silas came so close to paying for it when investigators convinced his hired henchmen to turn state's evidence. But fast forward to March of 1966 on the eve of Silas's trial on conspiracy charges, the whole case gets dropped when the prosecution star witness one of Silas's henchmen was struck with what the Chicago Tribune magazine reporters called a baffling attack of amnesia.


Now this is where the women come back in. So March of 66 is when Patricia had a busted face, the one that had to do with the trouble that she was in with some syndicate people. And by the way, no one questions that they like the women were acquainted with these guys. We know for a fact all three women rode at Georgia's stables and Indiana State Police confirmed that for us. But is Silas the married man or, or George? I don't get why the women are made to disappear in July of 66. No. So I, I don't think that either of them were Patricia's Paramore. He seems to have been, I think the guy she was dating was like another shady character in the horse scene.


Like not even related. And we don't know for sure why someone would have hit her or threatened her or whatever. But there is one possible, and like the prevailing theory that I've seen come from the Chicago Tribune magazine and it comes from a quote by retired Sergeant Fred Miller of the Westchester pd. And basically what he says is that there was always a strong suspicion that their disappearances had something to do with the car bombing, namely that maybe one or more of the women overheard something or knew something about that and that is what led to their deaths. But You'd think that something would've happened to them like before the trial was set to start in March.


Yeah, But I guess it depends on maybe what they knew and why or how they knew it. Like I think there's a world where their importance, like as potential witnesses only increased once Silas's conspirators were scared into submission. Maybe like I don't quite know, and that's just speculation on my part, but I think it's like maybe the best theory because we'll get this. So among all of the belongings left behind investigators like, and I'm talking about the Women's on the Beach investigators found not only George's phone number, but also a phone number for Silas's wife Martha. So like I, I mean clearly like they have those for a reason.


And by the way, guess who owned a blue and white powerboat? Well actually I don't know exactly who, but like I don't, I don't have a name, which would be really helpful right now. I know, but I know that a man, an unnamed man who was reported to have like supposedly once worked for Silas, did own one. And supposedly this boat that he supposedly owned, he often took to the Indiana Dunes. Did they find this supposed boat? No, they wish, like the guy's wife told them that that boat got destroyed in a fire. Which leads me to the last kernel of information that we were able to glean from ISP. They say that as of December, 2024, so like five minutes ago, yeah, they no longer dismissed the possibility that the boat wreckage that washed ashore way back in 1966 was related to the women's disappearances.


So, so much for that whole like spontaneously combusting robo thing. And I wish I could wrap this story up with a pretty bow, but what that leaves us with are family members like Patricia's sister Janice, who are running outta time to learn the truth about what happened to their loved ones way back in 1966. So if you have information about what happened that day on the shores of Lake Michigan, please contact the Westchester Police Department at 7 0 8 3 4 5 0 0 6 0. And if you are as offended as I am about House Resolution seven, head over to www.congress.gov/contact us to find your representative's contact information.


Tell them that women's healthcare should be about women novel concept, right? You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. You can also follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with another episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve?


Hey, crime junkies, if you have a couple of extra minutes, I wanna tell you about this new series on Paramount plus called Happy Face. Happy Face is a unique perspective on the notorious happy face killer through the eyes of his daughter Melissa Reed. Melissa was 15 when she discovered her father's secret, despite trying to put the past behind her. Melissa's life is upended again when her father tries to reenter her life after decades of silence. I want you to listen to the trailer now and see what you think. Growing up, Melissa had a normal life, normal family, normal friends, until one day everything changed. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. It's so good to see you, Missy. Don't call me that. He said he killed another woman. When I confessed in 95, I held one back. What's this victim's name? There can't be that easy Experience, the thrilling new series. There's a family out there still wondering what happened to their daughter, inspired by a true life story. He wasn't always a monster. He became one about family. The stories we tell ourselves and what it takes to uncover the truth. If I don't deal with him, people will never leave us alone. You think you're so different, you don't see how that we're Same to you, Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Queen Star. I'm not responsible for what my dad did. Let go on how you hoped. This eight part series explores the complicated relationship between a daughter and the monster she once loved, inspired by a true life story. Happy face follows Melissa as she grapples with the dark legacy of her father starring Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid Happy Face is now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com. To get started.


Last year, Americans ate 32 billion chicken wings. Who knows just how many helpless sides of celery were heartlessly thrown away. But this year, celery neglect can stop with you and irresistible gif peanut butter because you can make a snack to make a difference. You can buy a jar of GIF to save the celery. So please don't let celery be decoration for wings. Tap the banner to save the celery.