
Hi Crime junkies. It's Britt. If you're like me and you're ready to dive into even more cases, there's another podcast I think you're gonna love. Park Predators. In Park Predators host Delia D'ambra dives into the haunting crimes that happen in some of the most beautiful and unexpected places across the globe. Delia has helped host a couple of episodes of Crime Junkie in the past. And if you've listened to her before, you already know her investigative approach brings the facts of each case and their chilling details to life making Park predators the perfect mix of captivating and informative storytelling. So once you're done with this episode of Crime Junkie, go check out Park Predators. New episodes drop every week. Listen wherever you get your podcasts.


In 19 32, 1 man opened a two room business school above a nondescript storefront in downtown Manchester, New Hampshire. How did it become one of the largest universities in the country? Okay, this case isn't exactly a mystery. Southern New Hampshire University offers over 200 degrees you can earn from your couch and with low online tuition. Southern New Hampshire University makes earning your degree affordable too. Find your degree@snhu.edu slash Crime Junkie. That's sn u.edu/ Crime Junkie.


State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Your kids can finally get the homework help they need. With IXL an online learning program with interactive practice problems for kids from pre-K to 12th grade, my kids educational needs are vastly different. But I love that IXL is truly a does it all Program that supports both kids in how and what they're learning. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Crime Junkie. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash Crime Junkie. Visit I xl.com/ Crime Junkie to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


Hi Crime junkies. I'm Ashley Flowers. And I'm Brit. Today I am as baffled as I am consumed by this case. It's one where two teens seemingly excelling in every way. Go out for a night of fun and there are brutally shot dead in what could almost seem a targeted ambush. And I'm obsessed with this case, not only because it took place right here in Indiana, but because some believe answers in this unsolved double murder may have been right under police's noses throughout their nearly 40 year quest for justice. This is the story of The Westside Park Murders.


It is around midnight on September 28th, 1985 when Officer Terry Winters of the Muncie Police Department is on patrol in West Side Park, which literally as its name suggests, is on the west side of the town and it runs along the White River. It's a Saturday night just before midnight. And according to a book by Keith Royston and Douglas Walker, a source will rely on very heavily here for this episode. Terry also has his canine partner maxed with him. Now at some point this real life Turner and hooch hop in their squad car to leave and as they pull out the headlights catch on some tire tracks that lead to a Volkswagen hatchback idling in a little gravel area of the park.


Now one of Terry's responsibilities is to scope out any cars left in the park past closing, which was about an hour earlier. So this is literally the gig and Terry gets out to investigate. There doesn't appear to be any movement coming from inside the car, but as he approaches and puts his flashlight through the open driver's side window, he gets the shock of his life. There are two teenagers, a boy and a girl shot dead in the front seats in the book The Westside Park Murders Muncie most notorious cold case. It says that both the front seats were reclined with like sleeping bags draped over them and the passenger side window was shattered.


The guy who's in the driver's seat has been shot in the torso and the girl who's in the passenger seat was shot in the head. It's not long before the entire place is crawling with police and investigators. Take note of the fact that there are no signs of struggle and no signs that point to this being motivated by a robbery. Nothing appears to have been taken from the car as far as they can tell. I mean like there's even literally a portable stereo still in the back and they see an open pocket knife just sitting on the dashboard. But the murder weapon, the gun that's nowhere to be found. They just find a small empty gun holster under the young man's body like he was sitting on it.


Well some accounts say sitting on it, others just say under the body. Some say it was found in the car more broadly. I think the important thing is that it seems unlikely that it would belong to one of the kids, which could mean that the killer left this thing behind. Right? And it seems they may have left behind something else too Prince on or in the car. Now some of those obviously though might belong to their victims who they learn are 16-year-old Ethan Dixon and 15-year-old Kimberly Dowell. Now they were able to ID them so quickly because while they were still on the scene processing, this guy named Dawn showed up and Dawn tells police that he'd been out driving looking for his stepdaughter.


Kimberly who just never came home that night, I guess she had gone out with a guy that she just started dating Ethan. He picked her up between nine and nine 30 and the plan was for them to go get some pizza, take it over to West Side Park, eat hang, hangout, but they just never came back. And while they were concerned when the teenagers didn't return home, I mean they hadn't called police or anything yet, which like I understand like teenagers missing curfew or whatever is like kind of par for the course, right? But it becomes clear that this isn't par for the course that night when police let Dawn go with them to the car. And according to the Star Press, it's him who confirms the thing that he was most terrified of.


It is Kimberly and Ethan in the car. The events of the night don't just shock Dawn and Nancy who is Kimberly's mom, news of the shooting is spreading like wildfire and while publicly the victims aren't being named, it didn't take long for local parents and teenagers to put two and two together. Both teenagers were students at Northside High School and by all accounts, like really stand out kids. According to the Star Press, Ethan was on the debate team. He was the junior class president. Kimberly was a cheerleader recently named as part of the homecoming queen court. And a story in the sun at the time quotes their principal describing them as very, very fine people basically saying that like they never caused any problems, they were never difficult.


So for them to end up like this, it's hard for anyone to fathom. But that didn't mean that they were teenagers like who weren't dealing with teenager problems 'cause police discover that Ethan had been the victim of bullying. Now I don't know the full extent of it. It doesn't seem like this is something police have a really fully explore or or find the need to explore. But Ethan's parents do say that at one point they had taken a knife away from him that he was keeping on him because of bullying. So when I think about that, I mean that could be one of the reasons there was that pocket knife in the car. Yeah, but Then why would it be on the dash and not in Ethan's hand like thinking he was maybe trying to protect himself or something If that's what it was.


And again, like I'm making all the assumptions, but if that's what it was, part of me wonders if he had the knife on him for like all the reasons we just talked about. But then maybe him and Kimberly were like, you know, doing things teenagers do sometimes when they're in the park and like maybe he like pulled that outta his pocket or something. Like put it on the dash to be more comfortable. Mm. So I don't know, like this is a weird fact that like I can't quite like put it in a box but it's worth, it's worth people knowing like it's something you'll read if you look into this story now there's nothing in the source material about police at the time finding anything in the way of evidence like blood or prints on the knife or even the holster for that matter. And going back to the knife though, like it is important to say that I don't think like that was ever actually used.


So like nothing like blood or whatever on that. But speaking of the holster, police never find any evidence that Ethan owned a gun. So it's definitely seeming like the murder weapon belonged to the perp and then maybe this holster also belonged to the perp and the autopsy confirms that Kimberly was killed by a gunshot wound to the left side of her head, which most likely killed her within seconds. Ethan died from massive blood loss caused by a gunshot wound to the left side of his chest and both of them were shot with a 38 caliber, which they for sure did not fire. I mean like obviously no gun at the scene. I think that's, you know, speaks for itself.


But they do check for gunshot residue on their hands anyways. And even though the results that came back later were positive, that still didn't really change anything for police. Like because there could be explanations for that. I, again, I think not finding the weapon there made it clear. Right. And like and this was a homicide, the gunshot residue, they're in a car that's a pretty small enclosed place. Exactly. They were both shot, right? That's explainable, Right? Oh and the other thing I wanted to note about their autopsies, neither of them showed any signs of drugs or alcohol in their systems. While even in Kimberly's exact time of death is unknown, the Emmy estimates that it could be about 11:00 PM So roughly an hour and a half to two hours after they left Kimberly's place and about 50 minutes before Officer Terry discovered their bodies, which was around 11:50 PM Which Speaking of Terry, how did he not hear the gunshots?


Like he was in the park. He was, it's possible that he was just at a earshot though when the shooting happened. Like I've never seen anything about the his exact location at the time, like at 11 o'clock if it's known. But I know he's supposed to be on duty at the time. According to the Star Press, the park is like a little over 20 acres. So if you look at it on Google Maps, it's like a very long skinny like strip. So my thinking is if he's like patrolling all of it, maybe he could be on the opposite side or at least a ways away. But even though he doesn't appear to have heard anything, there are others who did hear the shots. Investigators talk to people who say that they were in the park when gunfire rang out.


I don't know who these people are who are at the park at 11:00 PM or how police even found them, but good job. Some of those witnesses say that they just booked it when they heard the bangs. But others claimed to have been close enough to the parking lot to see three people around Kimberly and Ethan's car after the gunshots. And through these witness accounts, cops determined that there were between 10 and 12 other cars in the park that night, not including Ethan and Kimberly's car and investigators zero in specifically on two cars that were parked the closest to Kimberly and Ethan around the time of the shooting. But these cars weren't there when Terry showed up. So there is a red one and then there is a black or some kind of dark colored one often described as a Monte Carlo and it was this black one I think that they're most interested in because it was specifically said to have left right after the shots rang out.


So these are either really good witnesses they have to find Or suspects. Or suspects, right. And according to Royden and Walker's book, within two days of the murders, they actually might have found one of them


On Crime Junkie. We talk a lot about solving crimes after they happen, but what if you could stop one before it even begins SimpliSafe Active guard Outdoor monitoring does exactly that with this breakthrough technology. Live monitoring agents use AI powered cameras to spot suspects as they enter your property scaring them off or calling 9 1 1 dispatch all before the threat can escalate into a crime with SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. And I'm one of those millions SimpliSafe has been my family's easy to install, easy to use, 24 7 home security choice for over six years and counting. I truly cannot imagine life without the peace of mind. It gives us visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from 100 to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy you can save on average up to 50% per session. With BetterHelp you can pay a flat fee for weekly sessions saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy you get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach With over 30,000 therapists. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime Junkie to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE lp.com/ Crime Junkie


In the early hours of September 30th. So just two days after the murders, two Muncie police officers notice a car parked in West Side Park. Now nothing in the book about what this car looked like. So I don't know if it fits the description of the cars that they were previously looking for but considering what has recently gone down in this park, they're like checking out everything and as they head towards this car it like starts up and drives at them. Police were able to block the vehicle somehow and when they finally talk to the driver they can tell that he has definitely had too much to drink. And when they ask him about it he says he's grieving.


Grieving what sir? They ask him exactly that like what are you grieving for? And he replies, you know what for, Oh my god, my daughter answers like random questions like this all the time And it's frustrating. Then it's infuriatingly frustrating here. PR prepare to stay frustrated because that's about all the info that this guy gives and this information about this guy is actually only in the book. Oh. So it is super limited. The authors don't even use his real name. But we do know that this guy gets arrested for driving under the influence and he later tells police that he was just upset about the murders. Yeah, we all are but most of us aren't melting down in the spot where they were found.


So like what's your story dude? Who is this guy? I don't know much. I like truly like I just know that he had a criminal record, he had even served some time. But it sounds like primarily for a minor burglary charge like in another state, California actually nothing violent like murder. So maybe for that reason maybe because they didn't find anything to link to the killings, maybe something else. This guy kind of just falls off the radar at least from the reporting perspective. I don't know what category police put this guy in, suspect person of interest or some bizarre encounter. Just some Weird thing. Yeah that they don't know what to make of either way we don't hear much more about him.


Instead, police around this time seem far more interested in someone close to Kimberly, her stepfather, Dawn. 'cause not only was it pretty convenient that he showed up at the park that night while they were still processing the scene, but the Star Press reports that police also discover that two witness accounts might lead back to Dawn and the car that he was driving that night possibly putting him at the park before the shooting. So on October 4th they bring Don in for a formal interview and they talk to him for about six hours. And in that time Don's story is unchanging. He said that when Kimberly wasn't home by 11:00 PM her mother Nancy got worried and when she still wasn't home an hour and a half later Dawn went out looking for her.


He's like driving around checking out local McDonald's whatever. And then he was heading to the park where Nancy had thought that they might have gone and that's when he came across all the police activity and he was told what happened. So the Star Press reports that police asked Don if he will take a polygraph, which he agrees to braver than me Don, but it actually plays out in his favor. Dawn passes it but that's not enough to close the book on him because while the answers he was giving were deemed to be truthful by a machine and some guy reading the machine, other answers that he was giving to Deputy Chief Marvin Campbell in follow-up questions were like kind of freaking weird.


Like for example when asked if he was in the park, Don replies quote within my body, I wasn't there. Okay, is that a no Then I think it's trying to be and I like you like deputy chief, like we all find this kind of sus. Yeah and in another statement during the interview Don said quote, if I did this you're going to have to tell me I did it. And listen, deputy Chief Campbell isn't gonna put words in his mouth but he doesn't believe him in like what he's saying and he doesn't believe the polygraph results either. The hangup is Dawn's alibi.


I mean it's rock solid. Kimberly's mother Nancy said that Dawn went to a football game earlier in the night but was home before the shootings even took place and that he only went back out around 12:30 AM to look for Kimberly And like that's great. I guess my biggest hangup about him as a possible suspect is why like what would his motive even be for killing Kimberly and Ethan? Yeah that's the other problem. There isn't one so it's not quite adding up And listen, we've contacted Muncie PD D to ask like why they were so hot on dawn early on. Like there could be things on police's radar that they didn't make public, maybe a motive we're unaware of. But as of this recording we haven't heard back from them.


Now it's no surprise that after this initial interview don lawyers up the Star Press reports that his lawyer tells police he will not let Don be interviewed again without a lawyer in the room. So essentially Dawn stops cooperating which then Deputy Chief Campbell like seems to suggest that Dawn is now somehow hindering the investigation but the police have nothing that they can really make stick to Dawn as their guy. And I mean the thing is they can't make anything stick to anyone for a brief moment they looked at one of their own actually Officer Terry Winters, the police officer who discovered the bodies, which was like honestly my first Crime Junkie. Guess when I got into this case like maybe Your first Nancy Drew guess.


Well the amount of times that I've looked into real cases and it turned out to be the person patrolling who finds the bodies but not here. This guy was asked to turn over his guns for analysis. It's determined they were not used in the killings and as far as I can tell, no one seems to place his police vehicle anywhere near the shooting at the time of the shooting. So by early October, police are in a long way like circling back to the Monte Carlo tip because you see they had gotten a tip from someone pointing at their neighbor, this guy named James or he goes by Jimmy Swingley and just an FYI. The book is the only place that he has officially named and we couldn't corroborate this anywhere else.


But according to Roy's den Walker's book, someone who lives down the street from Jimmy reports to police that his house was robbed and he's convinced that Jimmy did it. He is also confident that Jimmy knows about the murders of Ethan and Kimberly or was maybe involved in them, which Are all like pretty bold allegations. Did this tipster happen to mention why he felt Jimmy was involved? Like he felt this pretty strongly? I know I I if he did, I don't know like all I know is that that we get to him somehow or like that they make the suggestion and I do know that police look into this afterwards and maybe give it some weight because on October 7th they release a description and a sketch of someone that they're looking for who they also associate with the black or dark colored Monte Carlos.


So I said like kinda all comes full circle and while there's no mention of this publicly at the time, deputy Chief Campbell later indicates that this sketch looked a lot like our guy Jimmy White male about 24 years old, one 50 to 160 pounds slender build brown hair parted down the middle, acne scarred face and this guy apparently wears gold wire glasses. But on the other flip side of this, this guy apparently looked a lot like other people too. Yeah because like you just described a guy in Indiana it Yeah because when they like put this sketch out to the papers or whatever, they get a lot of calls like somewhere between 102 hundred calls about it, police take all these calls and they kind of narrow them down to get a list about of like a dozen people and they do this by like seeing who was named the most.


But none of those actually lead to a huge breakthrough. Not even the Jimmy stuff I guess because I don't see him come back up yet. So they're starting to hit a wall early on which is maybe why police decide to cast a wider net looking beyond just their crime even to other crimes that feel kind of similar or happen not too far away. Like maybe if this is part of some larger pattern that will tell them something about their killer and where to find them. And I know specifically they looked at two cases. There was one that was local, one that wasn't the first was an assault of a woman that took place in the summer at another park in a nearby county and in that attack the suspect might have had or been in am Monte Carlo.


Then in the second case that one happened five years earlier, a few states away in Kansas where two young people were shot while sitting in their car. And on the surface both of those like that crime and this one have similar elements but ultimately police can't connect them in any way to one another. Same with the other one. So they're kind of at another dead end and investigators turn their focus to some more like experimental investigative tactics like hypnosis. Hypnosis that means they have someone to hypnotize like Who it's mostly those witnesses that were at the park that night to see if they can remember any more details about like the car, I'm assuming car license plate, whatever.


Here's the problem though, like the way they were doing this hypnosis veers like pretty far into unethical territory if you ask me because according to the Star Press before being hypnotized, one of the witnesses who was actually an off-duty officer who was in the park that night, listen, I know I hear it like I have the same questions but it sounds like this guy, they vetted him 'cause I have the same like, oh like Terry things like yeah obviously seen this before. He's vetted, he has an alibi, whatever, I mean alibi, his bubis in the park but I think he was with someone else that night. But anyways, this guy was shown some pictures of cars including the one that Don was driving that night, which was Nancy's car and then he's shown a photo of Don before the hypnosis.


So He's kind of been fed info, Which is what it feels like. It feels like they're being like here are some, here's the guy that the chief is like very interested in. Jog your memory. Yeah But even them doing this again I said it's unethical but even when they did it, like nothing tying done to the killings even comes from this. So whatever they were trying didn't even work. But I do think it gives a glimpse to where investigators heads were for Deputy Chief Campbell. All roads were still leading back to dawn and he at that point is tired of Dawn's perceived unwillingness to cooperate. So he decides to try and put pressure on publicly


sweaters, candles, bathrobes. Mother's day gifts can be dull. Named the best digital photo frame by Wirecutter Aura frames are guaranteed to mix things up This year aura frames come with unlimited storage so you can share as many photos as you want from your phone to mom's Aura frame. Not only will she be grateful it's not another sweater, she'll also love that an ora frame means she gets to see more of you. My mom is now a grandmother so her whole world is my daughter Josie. No amount of pictures and videos are too many and I love surprising her with old baby photos of Joe. I mean it absolutely makes her melt. And with the ora frame it is so easy to upload new photos. Sometimes I even have Joe like hold a little sign to send Mimi a sweet message. And the best part is Aura has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited Time listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's Aura a URA frames.com promo code Crime Junkie support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply.


Next level pet people give their dogs next level protection from parasites with Nexgard plus a fox aligner, moxidectin and pyran chewable tablets. The oneand done monthly treatment protects against fleas, ticks, heartworm disease, roundworms and hookworms. Nexgard plus comes in a tasty beef flavored chew so you don't have to use next level tricks to get your dog to take it. Use with caution in dogs with a history of seizures or neurologic disorders, dogs should be tested for existing heartworm infection prior to starting a preventative. Talk to your vet about Nexar Plus for next level protection for your dog.


In September, 1986, deputy Chief Campbell says publicly that a person related to the case refuses to come in for a second interview and though he didn't explicitly say Dawn's name, everyone pretty much knows that's who he's talking about. And when asked about a motive, the chief says all they have are rumors and no real motive in this case. Listen, I don't know what the rumors are that he's referring to. Like if I thought you were gonna tell me if they're even real like, but again, nothing really happens in the case and a full year goes by and really even then nothing happens in the case itself that like full year, that's just when Kimberly's family is hit with yet another tragedy because on Christmas Eve 1987, Kimberly's mother, this is Dawn's wife, Nancy unexpectedly dies of a heart attack.


The police at the time decide to have an autopsy done on Nancy to rule out any kind of foul play which Don even agrees to like presumably to get these guys off his back and ultimately nothing is found. It was a heart attack. So over the next few years Kimberly and Ethan's case just kind of stalls out. There are rumors that swirl through Muncie about what could have happened to them, but there doesn't seem to be anything like tangible police latch onto like what? Yeah, so I didn't have examples about like if, if the rumors that the chief was talking about were in relation to Dawn, I don't know any rumors in relation to him but they ran the gamut really like, I mean there was one that centered around the son of a politically connected family.


Then there was one about someone who showed up at a party dressed as Rambo on the night of the murders and then in one of the wilder accusations a guy was convinced that a woman he knew might have committed the murders. Like and he thinks this woman who I assume is like his girlfriend or some something like someone he knows intimately, basically he assumes that she mistook Ethan for him in the car and like thought she caught him cheating and then committed the murders. Again, there's no real meat to any of those stories. So police continue to look high and low and wide and far and they do get at least one decent lead that they do follow.


In the early nineties, two investigators go to interview a man named Steve who's in prison on an armed robbery charge. Unclear if Steve reached out to them or how his name might have come up, but he tells investigators that the murders stemmed from a marijuana deal that had gone bad in the park. He said the three men involved in the deal decided to mess with or take it out on a couple parked in a car, which feels like a promising tip knowing there was at least that one sighting early on of three people outside of the kid's car. But it feels a little less promising when they're told the couple was killed with a shotgun, which like we know isn't true.


But still detectives are like, okay listen we got, we gotta at least like continue following this through like the, this line of investigation might lead somewhere and the victim's family wants that also. So much so that Ethan's family pays for a trip to Virginia where a woman supposedly can corroborate Steve's story. But unfortunately when the detectives get down there and interview her, she ends up admitting that the whole thing is a hoax and another inmate tells police that the whole thing was Steve's effort to try and get some kinda deal or get like early release. You know we see this all the time and it's so incredibly heartless, right? Like yeah you're messing around with police wasting their time, but the most devastating part is giving Kimberly and Ethan's families this like little tiny glimmering bit of hope and then it just gets ripped away just like that.


Yeah, I don't, I just don't, I don't think criminals have the same code of ethics, right, that you and I do, right? Like, like they're just operating like a completely different field and like in their minds everyone is fair game. Like I don't think they see a difference between like someone they know or someone they're in jail with or anything to like a victim's family, anything To save their own skin, right? So I mean you get how it goes, same as in so many cold cases, random tips and pointing fingers and a case file that gets dusted off just every so often for a fresh set of eyes to take a crack at it. And that's where it was in 2012 when Detective Nathan Sloan first starts working Kimberly and Ethan's case.


Now he spends about two weeks locked away with this case file and when Detective Sloan emerges there is a familiar name on investigator's radar. Again, I swear To God Ashley, if you say it's Don, It's not Don, it's someone else. You see while the deputy chief all those years ago was paying so much attention to Don, more and more tips about Jimmy Swingley kept coming in, remember he's the one who'd been accused of robbing that guy's place and the guy accused him of also maybe being involved in the murders. Well here's what's interesting. So the first tip about him came in like a week into the investigation and then a couple of months into the investigation they got another tip, a more specific tip from someone said to have been close to Jimmy and this guy said that Jimmy had come to his house on the night of the murders and he told this guy that a drug deal went bad and the teenagers ended up dead and there were two other men with Jimmy, so Three guys again.


And he said that one of them pulled the gun out and the holster came out with it and that's how it ended up in the car. But Is there any evidence that Ethan or Kimberly were involved in drugs or would be in the park to buy drugs? No. So it doesn't sound like it and like more than just like from their parents, right? Who like most of the time are like, I don't think so. Right. According to the book, police also talked to other kids that knew them too and none of them said that either of these two were involved in drugs. So if this was some kind of drug deal gone bad, it seems more likely that they were in the wrong place, wrong time. Like if you remember that like other rumor we heard it was like there was a drug deal gone bad and then they took it out on two kids and maybe that's, that's what really happened.


Yeah, Maybe someone approached them about drugs and an argument ensued like Oh yeah and that's could Be, there could be a lot of situations. Yeah, Well whatever happened, Jimmy's name wouldn't go away. Detective Sloan sees several more instances where people point to Jimmy over the years. Some say that Jimmy admitted to the killings or to knowing something about what happened that night and he also sees that at some point in 87 police had given Jimmy a lie detector test which he failed but they didn't have anything to hold. You can't, you know, arrest someone on a polygraph. So like they end up letting him go. I mean they were probably still so focused on John that I mean in 87 True maybe.


And listen, by 2012 Jimmy had been free to live a lot of life lots that Detective Sloan had to dig through and he finds that he apparently hightailed it outta town shortly after the murders, which is interesting. Yeah, like within a couple of months there are records of him being arrested all the way down in Florida and he continues carrying out a lengthy criminal history over the next decade and there's this one blip in his record that stands out at least to me amongst others. It didn't involve like a violent offense but the circumstances were a little chilling. So The Westside Park Murders book notes that at one point Jimmy was pulled over for blowing a stop sign and apparently he didn't have his license or he refused to give it.


And when police ask him for his name, the name that he gives Brit to me is like a huge red flag. So he tells police that his name is Kevin Dixon As in like Ethan's last name Dixon, I mean it's Ethan's last name. I can't speak for Jimmy and why he picked that last name. And there's nothing in the book about police like putting two and two together at the time. But like it's just so odd that I felt like I had to mention it. I don't, it's weird. Is Jimmy still alive in 2012? Oh alive and kicking and Detective Sloan knows right where to find him. Prison. Of course I told you he had a real run in Florida but his decade of criminal activity stopped in 1999 when he was convicted of murdering a man named Brian Insco.


Like violently Brian was found in his own apartment with his throat cut like nearly decapitated is how it's described. And so Jimmy ends up getting sentenced to 65 years in prison for that where he's still hanging out in 2012. Now Detective Sloan wants to be totally solid before he goes talking to him. So he continues to try and run down old leads about, Jimmy tries to run down new leads about Jimmy and the long and the short of it is a clearer and clearer picture starts to form around what could have happened. It seems like there really were multiple people in the park and there was some kind of argument about something and at some point Ethan pulled a knife Which lines up with the pocket knife in the car on the Dash and then the theory went on that someone in this group of people that included Jimmy fired the shots, the group then took off in the car and whatever account he's pulling this from, he has the car not being a Monte Carlo but one that maybe looked a lot like it or had some similarities.


It was a Chrysler Cordoba. But how can they prove any of this? Well that's the thing they can't, I mean they have nothing physical tying Jimmy or anyone else to the crime, right? But now that he like has heard enough that he feels solid on what happened, detective Sloan is finally feeling that it's time that he can go straight to Jimmy now. Like maybe they can get something from him. So he heads to the state prison where Jimmy is being held and let's just say he doesn't go well Jimmy basically tells him to like F off. There's gonna be no conversation. Okay then now that's kind of the end of the line for Jimmy. But listen, detective Sloan like isn't just gonna rest on this like being the one and only answer.


I don't know Sloan, but I like the way this man works. Like if you can't prove one theory, go try and prove others. Like best case scenario you find out you were wrong and you do get an arrest. Worst case like scenario, you're like buttoning up your case even more like close all those doors that a future defense team might try to use when you finally do get your guy. So the next door he wants to explore and hopefully close or prove or whatever was that whole grieving man in the parking lot thing. Oh I'd like Detective Sloan too. Yeah, let's do This. So he tracks that guy's ex-wife down. She tells him that her husband was prone to drinking too much, often blacking out and he would even get out of bed in the middle of the night and leave the house which he had done the night police found him in that park.


She also admits that she wondered if her husband could have had something to do with the murders, but it sounds like ultimately she doesn't think like that he actually did. I don't know if this guy is dead by this point or what, but from what I can tell, Sloan doesn't get a chance to talk to him directly. It might also be because he gets redirected with a new tip and those are few and far between in cold cases. So like strike while the iron is hot, right?


This episode is brought to you by Sax fifth avenue@sax.com. It's easy to find your new spring vibe, whether it's refreshing your whole wardrobe or shopping for a vacation, sax.com can make it fun and inspiring. sax.com is personalized with arrivals from brands picked just for you. So it's easy to find inspiration for your every day. You can shop for anything on your agenda like a larger than life Balenciaga bag for work or a Zimmerman dress for an upcoming wedding. Find inspiration for your personal style every day. Shop sax.com.


Truth matters and the truth is your dog deserves next level protection. Treat them with next level protection from parasites with Nexgard plus Aox, Lanter Moxidectin and parental chewable tablets. Nexgard plus choose provide one and done monthly protection against fleas, ticks and heartworm disease, roundworms and hookworms. Plus they come in an easy to give beef flavored soft chew used with caution in dogs with a history of seizures or neurological disorders. Dog should be tested for existing heartworm infection prior to starting a preventative. Ask your vet about next guard plus choose


In 2013. The name Rafael Resendez is suggested to Detective Sloan as a possible suspect. Oh, he's the railroad killer. Yeah, I was just about to say like we've talked about him before. He is someone that gets brought up in a decent amount of cold cases from all over because of how mobile this guy was throughout the nineties. Yeah, he is suspected of killing like 23 people and his MO was to hop on and off railway cars committing murders along the way in numerous states, Florida, Texas, even as far away as California. And while Indiana is not on the list, Illinois is, so he's like within shouting distance and were there train tracks near the park.


There were. Now, according to the book, it sounds like the earliest of Resendez known crimes happened in 1986. He murdered a couple in Texas and at least one of those victims were shot to death with a 38. So the murder weapon lines up the majority of his known crimes though took place in the nineties and often involved him strangling or beating his victims to death. And unfortunately Detective Sloan isn't able to speak to him himself because he was executed by the state of Texas in 2006. And maybe it doesn't matter because ultimately it sounds like Detective Sloan doesn't think resendez is his guy. He's able to like close that door. So whether it's a local criminal like Jimmy or a serial killer like Resendez, nothing is sticking for Sloan.


And in light of closing all the doors, there is one more that Detective Sloan needs to look at probably more than anything else, like to rule in or out once and for all. And we're back to Dawn. We're Back to Don. You got it. In April, 2013, detective Sloan interviews Kimberly's stepfather Dawn to see what he has to say after all these years. Don's story is the same and Sloan presses him on some of the odd things that he said to police back in the 85 interviews. But according to the book, Don tells Detective Sloan that he was just tired then and the statements didn't actually mean anything. And in this, does Detective Sloan have the same hunch about Don that police had back in 85?


No. So according to the book, he comes away from the interview ruling don out as a suspect. He closes the door. He also even returns two guns that police had seized from Don at one point that turned out to have nothing to do with the murder that they had like all those years. And while he's, you know, talking to Don and like talking to her family, he circles back to Ethan's family too and he talks to Ethan's dad but he doesn't learn anything new or anything earth shattering all these years later so much like back in 1986. Nothing is really there to be gained from their families. However, in light of talking to families, Jimmy's family members offer investigators some new information that is very interesting.


Again, I'm gonna give you the TLDR 'cause spoiler alert everything they learned about Jimmy feels super incriminating. But it's all just hearsay that they can't actually use against him. Like he might have a Monte Carlo, he might have stolen a gun from a family member and maybe that gun was used in the murders. Oh and he might have killed two other people, one of which was his brother Jackie, whose death was ruled undetermined. And I think the, the whole brother story is really interesting. So in early 2014 Detective Sloan interviews Jimmy's mother and she tells him that Jackie's wife had Jimmy's baby some nine months after Jackie died.


Oh that's an a motive. She also claims that Jimmy was in the room when Jackie died back in 1981. And according to the book, she tells Sloan that she thought he was capable of committing The Westside Park Murders and she had heard a rumor that he was arrested in connection to it, which obviously we know wasn't true. But this is just to say like what everyone in the area is talking about at the time. And it's like no matter where police look or what roads they go down, it always keeps coming back to Jimmy who has made it clear that he is not gonna cooperate willingly. But in what seems like the first lucky break they get, the court's rule that his willingness is neither here nor there.


According to Roy's den and Walker's book on November 14th, 2018, a judge approves a warrant to get his DNA. So a few days later on the 20th, detective Sloan and another colleague go to see Jimmy. And surprisingly this time he is cooperative, he like lets them do the swab, which again like they had to do. And according to the book, he sits for a 40 minute interview, which he didn't have to do. But in his interview, Jimmy denies any involvement in the murders. In fact, he points to the rumor a lot of people had heard over the years that it was Kimberly's stepfather. Dawn, You said DNA, what were they trying to match? Jimmy's DNA to?


So according to the book, potential DNA evidence on the holster got left behind that like I can't tell when, but sometime between 85 and like when he's all these years later, like looking into this cold case, obviously they were able to like test old evidence. Yeah, but here's the thing, whatever they have, it doesn't match Jimmy. Now, despite this, detective Sloan still seems to think that he has his guy, remember? I mean, right? Like there's potentially multiple people, but others like former Deputy Chief Marvin Campbell who's one of the OGs in this case, like not so sure but without more evidence they'll never know. Does he still think it's Don?


Like was Don's DNA tested? Here's the problem. Unfortunately Marvin Campbell recently passed away, so I can't ask him if he still thinks it's Dawn or what he thinks about Dawn and if others like Dawn were compared to the DNA or like that grieving guy or whatever, like that's never been reported on in the book. The DNA evidence is described as being damaged and muddied. So I assume that like any advanced testing like IDG is out of the question. I don't know that for a fact though. And as far as things like, remember they found like prints in the car, like some sources claim like one was found in the car, on the car, whatever, like I just know none of those helped in the case either.


Chances are like the killer never even touched the car, right? Oh, and by the way, like we did attempt to reach out to Jimmy in prison but haven't gotten connected. And same again, I said this earlier, but goes for the Muncie police now in January of 2020, detective Sloan became chief of police in Muncie. And according to the Star Press as late as 2022, he continues following up on leads in this case when he can. Chief Sloan admits in that article that he hadn't assigned a new investigator to the case, like the time commitment and other investigators caseloads just hasn't allowed it. But I did see like, so that's the last official update from police in 2022. But I did see like something interesting on, here's my disclaimer, Reddit Cool, But this was from 2023 and someone posted on a Reddit forum that their neighbor confessed about a murder that sounds like what happened in West Side Park.


Now this person doesn't name names or even name where this happened. Again, it sounds like West Side Park, but they don't say that. But the story that this neighbor told them goes a little something like this. The neighbor had claimed to be involved with a girl at his high school that he very much liked. One day he and his friend happened to be at the park where he saw this girl with another boy that he hated. So he went over to the car and shot the girl in the head and then shot the boy in the chest and he shot the boy in the chest because he wanted to watch him suffer. Okay? That's all public information about like the crime scene. It is, even if he's talking about West Side Park, like this could just be a troll.


It is. And it's what some of the users in the forum wondered. But like some other people felt strongly about this confession, like so strongly that they contacted the police with this information. Although like they never heard back from them. And like there were other people who were like, you know, could this have been some kind of deathbed type confession from someone. Now one big flag for me on this, besides the whole like Reddit of it all is that the poster said, the neighbor said he used a 22 caliber in the shooting while we know it was a 38 used to kill Kimberly and Ethan. And the poster also said that he brought out a piece of evidence that he took from the car, but he doesn't say what the evidence is and unless police are holding something back, the only thing that we know that they were looking for was the murder weapon, which they never found no one like talks about anything ever being stolen or taken from them.


Yeah, yeah. So like it makes this whole confession a little more and you can write whatever you want on the internet. Yeah. And eventually they did take this down from Reddit. So like it's, you know, if we got to talk to Chief Sloan, this is what I would've loved to ask him if we ever get the chance. It's what I would love to ask him about if this ever got looked into. I mean I think it's interesting, especially when you think about when the confession says like they hated the guy knowing that Ethan was being bullied. I don't know, it feels like there Could be something there. Yeah. And what I keep coming back to is like Jimmy's DNA didn't match the holster. Yeah, no. Like that's huge, right? And again it like was he there or knew something maybe, but like there's someone else that we should, we should be still looking, looking for.


Right? And I think it at this point, it's important to point out that no one, not Jimmy, who is due to be released from prison in 2030 by the way. And despite all the rumors, not Kimberly's stepfather, Dawn, or any of the other possible people police looked into, none of them have ever been charged. In this case it remains unsolved, which means Ethan Dixon and Kimberly Dowells families have never been given the closure they deserve. So if you know anything about the murders of Ethan Dixon and Kimberly Dowell on the night of September 28th, 1985 in West Side Park located in Muncie, Indiana, please contact the Muncie Police Department at 7 6 5 7 4 7 4 8 6 7.


You can also contact them anonymously through Crime Stoppers at 7 6 5 2 8 6 4 0 5 0. We'll also have a link to send a tip online in our show notes. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com, And you can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with a brand new episode, but stick around, we've got some good for you.


All right, Brett, you know what time it is. You know, I do. Let's Talk about some of the good that comes outta the Crime Junkie community. What do you got from our listeners? This month? We have a submission from Kayla. My best friend and I are huge Crime Junkie fans. We actually have tickets to see you in New York in May so soon. See you soon. But before I was a Crime Junkie myself, my best friend had stumbled upon one of your episodes at the end of the year in 2019, it had to do with domestic abuse. I can't remember the specific episode, however, when this episode was released, I was the one in the abusive relationship. I was still in denial at the time. Even with all the mental and physical signs, I still acted like he was different and this wasn't abuse.


I remember one night after work, my best friend was giving me a ride home and she played that episode in her car on the drive home. I only half listened as I felt like she was being dramatic. And my boyfriend at the time would never go as far as murdering me. Hmm. However, there are a few things that stuck out to me and it was what you guys said at the end. The statistics for how many times it takes before you truly leave your abusive partner is on average seven times, and that time you're leaving is the most dangerous. That stuck with me and a few months later, one of the times I was trying to leave a gun was pulled on me. Mm. He ended up shooting it off in the wall and I was able to run for help.


At that time, everything had hit me like a ton of bricks. Everything said in the episode, the reason my best friend played it, all of it was flooding through my mind. I decided I didn't want to be a victim anymore and I've since been able to get away. He's now in prison. I have three Siberian Huskies that helped me get through and gave me a purpose. And I am now an avid listener of your podcast. I use the resources you guys share, listen to the advice given, and hear the stories of the ones who weren't as lucky as me to make it out alive. I want to be a voice for them and advocate for victims. Your podcast mixed with walking my dogs literally got me through the toughest time of my life, my best friend, and I can't wait to see you guys in New York.


Thank you for sharing the stories and everything that you guys do. I mean, it's a good reminder like most people don't stay in a relationship thinking it's gonna end in murder like you Right? That's not how people get there. Like they, everyone thinks that they're the exception or everyone thinks it's not gonna go that far, far or that like the person's gonna change or not capable of. Like that's how people end up there is is underestimating their abusive partners for sure. So for sure, for sure. It does. It takes a lot of time. It takes a lot of work. We'll put some resources in the show notes. I know those have been helpful for a lot of people and that's, it's amazing how many people, it's been helpful for, for sure. I love you guys and I love you guys loving each other. Yeah.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward because you deserve a relationship manager. Who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


So good. So good. So good. Great gifts for mom. We've got 'em. And they're up to 60% off at Nordstrom Rack Stores. Now you know they have Mark Jacobs Gotta show mom some love That is so good. Snack. Amazing deals on Mother's Day gifts from Barefoot Dreams, Kate Spade, New York, and more great brands, great prices. That's why you rack.