
They say opposites attract. That's why Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples You like a bed that feels firm but they want it Soft. You wanna sleep cooler but they like to feel warm. Sleep number does all of that. I sleep at 75 and my husband now sleeps at 35. Two completely different beds but we're right next to one another. JD Power ranks sleep number number one in customer satisfaction with mattresses purchased in store and now sleep number Smart beds starting at $999. Price is higher in Alaska and Hawaii. For JD Power 2023 award information. Visit jd power.com/awards only at Sleep Number store or Sleep Number dot com


with no fees or minimums. Banking with Capital One is the easiest decision in the history of decisions. Even easier than deciding to listen to another episode of your favorite podcast and with no overdraft fees, is it even a decision that's banking reimagined What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member ft IC


State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Hi Crime junkies. Thanks for tuning into another summer Thursday episode. If, you are new here or you're playing catchup. Welcome. Mondays are Crime Junkie days, but for the rest of the summer we wanted to celebrate five years of the Crime Junkie Fan Club by celebrating our fans. And to do that, we wanted to release some of the Fan Club Vault episodes to you. We did this last Thursday with our episode on Chuck Morgan and this Thursday I thought the perfect episode to share with you would be one of our mini episodes. We do one mini episode like this one, one full length episode like you heard last Thursday and one piece of special bonus content every single month for the last five years in the fan club.


And the reason I thought this particular mini episode was so perfect for today is because the missing person in our story actually went missing on this day, July 18th, back in 2007. If you're interested in even more episodes or first access to tour tickets, which might be a thing happening soon, click the link in the show notes and join all your fellow crime junkies in our fan club app. I built it from scratch just for you and If. you sign up directly through our website. You can use code free summer and new members get to join whatever tier you want for free for the rest of the summer, all of July and August. Alright, so without further ado, here is your unlocked Vault episode, Hi Crime junkies.


I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm m Britt And Britt Get ready. Your head is going to freaking spin. This is a case that has quite literally been keeping me up at night because it's about this woman who sets out one beautiful summer morning to hike her favorite trail up to her favorite mountain view. But that hike was anything but ordinary. And what happened on that mountain in 2007 remains a mystery to this very day. This is the story of Barbara Bullock.


It is about one 30 in the afternoon on a Wednesday in July of 2007. And Carl Bullock can't seem to match the concern of his cousin Donna who was visiting him like with her boyfriend Jim. Now You see Donna's all tied up in knots because Jim and Carl's wife Barbara left to go hiking a few hours ago, but they're still not back, which is making Donna anxious. But Carl isn't worried. He doesn't think there's anything to be worried about. His wife is a seasoned hiker and she'd taken Jim to her favorite spot nearby, which is Bear Creek Overlook Trail. And it's only like 20 miles away from their house in Corvallis, Montana. And I mean the whole thing.


Is this like two and a half mile hike each way with this like grand overlook at the top that has a view of all the mountains. It's super safe, super well marked. So he was thinking like this is a pretty chill hike that even newbies could manage. And what time did they leave that morning? They left At like eight 30 or nine ish. Okay, So it's been what, like four hours at this point? Yeah. Which to Carl is not that big of a deal, but Donna has like been on this since noon when it'd only been like three hours. So he's basically like, girl, you gotta chill. They are fine, they're gonna be home but Donna can't or won't chill.


I think maybe part of her like amped up concern is that she was supposed to be out on the hike with them. Like Carl was never planning on going due to like a heart attack he had. He couldn't go but Donna had been planning to go except when Barbara and Jim were like getting ready to leave that morning. Donna decided to stay back kind of last minute 'cause she had a few too many the night before and she's paying for it now. So though her hangover is now subsiding, a different bad feeling was growing inside her gut. And she is all but panicking still though Carl is not again, even though Jim's from out of town and isn't familiar with that trail, like the worst thing he's thinking is like Jim's from out of town.


He doesn't know the trail even though him and Barbara were together. So like maybe it's just taking them a little longer. Absolute worst, worst case scenario is maybe they got a flat tire on their way back home. Okay, so why can't they just call them? Well, Barbara left her cell phone back at the house. And, I actually couldn't find any mention of Jim having a phone it 2007. He might have had one, might not have had one. It was kind of like hit or miss back then. Plus if he even did have one, I'm not sure what the reception situation is up on the mountains or was back in 2007. Anyway, so who knows? All I know is that by the time 2:30 PM rolls around, Donna's concern finally starts to rub off on Carl.


'cause even if Jim's inexperience on this trail slowed them down, even if they got a flat tire, they should be home by now or at least be in touch. And Donna keeps pushing. She thinks that Carl needs to call someone and report Barbara and Jim missing. And I'm sure there's still like a little part of Carl that's thinking she's overreacting. Like again, nobody thinks bad things are actually happening. Barbara and Jim are probably gonna walk through the door any minute they're all gonna joke about it and they're gonna forget the whole thing by dinner. But Donna keeps pressing him and as she's pressing him the phone rings. And honestly I bet there was like this almost like instant of relief that Carl probably had thinking that Barbara and Jim finally figured out a way to get in touch.


But when Carl answers the phone, his heart drops a little. He doesn't recognize the voice on the other end of the line and any relief he felt washes away. When the caller identifies herself as a Forest service officer, the first thing this officer asks is if his wife's name is Barbara. And then the next thing the officer says sends chills down his spine. Barbara's been reported missing. Carl immediately jumps in his car to drive to the Trailhead, according to reporting by Perry Bki in the independent record, which provided us a lot of information for this case. Even now as he's racing toward the Bitterroot Mountains, he's fully expecting Barbara to just be there when he arrives.


O okay, but I'm confused. Just Barbara is missing it. Where's Jim Britt? I think everyone is confused at this point because when Carl gets there, there is still no Barbara. But to your point Jim, he's there, he's fine. And before long the scene is swarming with, I mean everyone, investigators, officers from the Forest Service and first responders who head into the forest to start their search for her O Okay, wait, I'm, I'm sorry, I'm still confused. So was it Jim who reported her missing then? Yeah, so they get the full story from him while the search for Barbara is underway. And the story that he tells about what happened on that trail is just strange starting from when he and Barbara drove up to the trailhead that morning.


So he says that the road leading up to where they were gonna park was blocked off for construction even though there wasn't a crew there yet. So they parked a bit down the road but made it to the trailhead. Then they hiked up the trail, they made it all the way to that overlook like no problem. And then once they were up there, they sat down to have a snack. They enjoyed the view for maybe like 30 or 40 minutes. And when they were ready to head back down the trail, Barbara took the leap again. She's the one that knows this so well. Now, when Jim's telling the story, he says he thinks she was like 20, 30 feet ahead of him when all of a sudden he decided to stop for a second just to kind of turn around, appreciate the view for one final time.


And he estimates that he spent I not less than a minute, maybe 45 seconds, maybe a minute, looking back at the overlook, just soaking it all in and this is it. It's this window, this 45 second one minute window where everything goes wrong. Everything gets weird because when he turned back around, Barbara was just gone. Now what? Yeah, he says he didn't panic at first. He just assumed that she hadn't realized that he'd stopped. She must have just kept descending down the trail. So he did the same thing thinking she'd be waiting for him down near the construction site. But when he made it down, she wasn't there.


Your furniture helps make your house a home. So you should treat it like part of the family. The high performance fabric from the Ashley store is the perfect way to show your sofa and recliner some love. It is stain resistant wear and tear proof and treated with UV protection to keep colors from fading in the sun. I got these massive blue chairs for one of the apartments at the audiochuck office. And I am obsessed. Two could cozy up in this thing. One would fit perfectly into an apartment as an accent piece. And two chairs can hold their own in a grand room of a house. And the fabric cushion covers are removable, washable, and quick drying, making it easier to clean and maintain your beautiful furniture even when it feels like your kids and pets are trying to constantly destroy it like mine. So when spills dirt, muddy paws or sticky little fingers make a mess. Don't stress the Ashley store's high performance Fabric has your back shop in store or online@ashley.com. Ashley, for the love of Home


brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X card. What's in your wallet terms apply lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Now by then there was a crew from the Forest Service working at this site. So he walked over to them and was like, Hey, have you seen a woman pass by here? She's petite, athletic, 55 years old, but they're like, Nope, nobody like that's been by here though. One of the guys even offered to walk with Jim to his car, like just in case thinking that Barbara's gonna be waiting for him there. But you know again, no one is still panicking. They're like, okay, we're working. Maybe we just didn't see her. So one of the guys even offers to walk with Jim like down to his car thinking that Barbara's gonna be there waiting. But when they get down there still no luck. No Barbara. So without really knowing what else to do, Jim decided to hike back up the trail to look for her And.


I think this is when the panic starts to set in for Jim because Bear Creek overlooked trail isn't one that you just get lost on. The Ali County Sheriff later explains in an article for the Missoula that quote, the trail to the overlook isn't a place where a person might take a wrong turn and get lost. It's a fairly confined area. The trail goes up to an overlook, it's an up and back deal end quote. Did he hear anything when he was looking back at the overlook? Like could she have fallen somewhere? No, that's what's so bizarre. He hadn't heard anything like no fall, no shuffle, no scream.


And while there is a cliff along one side of the trail, the thing is Barbara's afraid of heights. So she's not gonna be like walking up to that and being reckless. She's not like on the edge. No. And even if for some reason she was and she took a tumble or something, he would've heard that, right? I mean you'd think So anyways, he walks back up to the overlook the whole time. He's like calling out her name, blowing on his safety whistle, trying to do anything to get Barbara's attention and to get back up there, it took him like an hour and a half for like the whole trip up there and back down again. Whole time he doesn't see her, he doesn't see anything that stands out. And when he came to the end of the trail for a second time, that's when he's in a full on panic because Barbara was just straight up gone.


So he approached the forest service crew again and that's when Barbara was reported missing. Was there anybody else on the trail with them when they were out there? So it wasn't like a super busy trail or at least at that time because the only story that I have found in the research is this one that Jim tells about these two guys who were hiking the trail at the same time too. And I guess they had some kind of like brief interaction with them when Jim and Barbara were taking that breather at the overlook area. But it wasn't anything weird or ominous, just like super casual, hi, how are you? Kind of exchange. And then the men left like they were sitting down when they came, they had this exchange, they're still sitting down like hanging out Barbara and Jim and then these guys like leave.


Nothing strange. Okay, this is gonna sound farfetched, but what about the wildlife out there? I mean what are the odds that she was maybe attacked by some kind of animal in this area? Well I mean there are like the occasional mountain lion or bear Carl had actually even given Barbara a gun a while ago just for that scenario. Not that it would've helped 'cause she like kept it at the bottom of her bag. It's actually something that was kinda like a running joke between them. Like it's practically useless. Like again, if you're getting attacked by a bear, you gotta like dig and dig like by the time you get to it you're toast. Oh okay. But I guess in that situation, I mean let's say she gets attacked by a mountain lion or whatever, doesn't find her gun in time. I mean I feel like there would still at least be signs of an attack though, right?


Totally. I sorry and like that's where I was going with this, but like yes there's bears, there's all this wildlife, like they were even anticipating it 'cause she has this gun. But to your point like okay, there would've been screams for sure there would've been blood. Like that kind of thing isn't happening without making a trace like you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So investigators like right away are kind of at a loss, but the best thing that they can do is find and talk to anyone who would have been on or around that trail. When Barbara was starting with the Forest service crew that was there at the construction site, according to that reporting by Perry Bki, they explained that when they arrived that morning, which was sometime after maybe like nine 30 or 10, there had been two cars parked nearby.


Now we know one was Jim's and the other car was this older SUV. It was light colored. It might have been like a Chevy Blazer, they're not really sure, but it did have a Missoula County license plate. So the crew says they get there, they get to work and eventually a couple of guys who were maybe in their early twenties come walking down from the road that leads up to the trailhead and they said it was just the two of them and a dog. So these are the same guys that Jim and Barbara saw. Then Probably everything I've seen from the research makes it sound like law enforcement thinks that these are the same guys and the description that the crew gave kind of generally matches what Jim provided.


But honestly both are super generic. Like Perry back has described them as well. Tanned average fit young guys so cool. Yeah, exactly. But anyways, these guys come down through the construction site acting completely normal. Again, they're not like lugging a bag that could have a woman inside. They're not dragging something behind them. There's, it's just the two of them and their dog. The crew says that they stopped and made small talk with the forest crew and they let their dog play like in this nearby creek. And even though they didn't see them with any of the cars, the crew kind of just assumed that these guys had to be in one of the two cars, right? And like we know one was Jim, so police are assuming that this other car belonged to these two guys, Right?


but we don't actually know that though, right? Again, nothing explicitly says that, but based on everything that law enforcement has put out, it seems like law enforcement is confident that this second car was their car. Okay, And I don't know if that's just because there weren't many other people on the trail that day. I mean truly they might have been the only people on the trail that day other than Barbara and Jim, I don't know. So they're letting the dog play, they're kind of making small talk, they don't stick around for long and then the Forest Service crew just kind of gets back to work and then they say it was like 45 minutes later before another hiker who we know to be Jim comes walking down the blocked off road and asks if they had seen a woman matching Barbara's description.


Now their story matches his that after they say no, he walks back up the trail, eventually comes back down an hour and a half later and said that he needed to report Barbara missing. Now unless police can find these two other hikers, they're out of potential witnesses to interview. So everyone's attention turns to the search for Barbara, which is now in full swing. According to reporting by Jessica Mayer and the Missoula independent by 5:00 PM law enforcement is conducting a full scale ground search. And over the next 48 hours they even call in helicopters and search dogs from the nearby bigger cities to help. But they find nothing.


There is no sign of an injury, no abandoned dayak, no torn clothing, no sign of a fall, no sign of a struggle, not with a person and not with an animal. From what I can tell, even the search dogs don't pick up any scent. Or if they do, it's never been reported on. So what if she never even made it there? Ashley? I think that's a good question. One that I know investigators even started asking themselves because really when they think about it, they only have Jim placing her on that trail right now. And they're not necessarily ready to just take him at his word when the circumstances are so stinking strange.


The only way that they can know if he is on the up and up is if they can find those men who supposedly would've seen and talked to Barbara. But how do you find them if no one knows who those young men are?


This show is sponsored by Better Help. I've heard it before. Comparison is the thief of joy and it's so easy to envy other people's lives personally, I catch myself doing it almost every day, especially when I'm scrolling on my phone just seeing everyone's lives through the pictures and videos they post. It really does feel and look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but I have to remember, in reality they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If, you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just. fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime. Junkie today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ Crime. Junkie


Buying jewelry is a dream scenario whether for yourself or a loved one, but the shopping process can be overwhelming, leaving you unsure about such a significant purchase. That's where Blue Nile steps in to provide the confidence you need with thousands of independently graded diamonds and fine jewelry pieces. At prices far below traditional retail Blue Nile offers exceptional value. Their high industry standards give you the peace of mind you deserve when making a serious investment. Whether you're seeking a classic white gold tennis bracelet or some stylish diamond huggy hoops to elevate your everyday style, Blue Nile expert team is available 24 7 to guide you through the process. From technical questions to budget suggestions, they are here to help you find the perfect piece that fits your needs. The best part you can shop with confidence. Knowing Blue Nile backs every purchase with a 30 day return policy and a diamond price match guarantee buying jewelry is so timeless and classic and for me so overwhelming. But truly, every time I've shopped with Blue Nile, it's such a streamlined process. The Blue Nile expert team are like my very own jewelry concierge, making sure I get exactly what I want. Experience the ease and convenience of shopping at Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to Blue Nile dot com today. That's Blue Nile dot com.


Now to be clear, police don't think that these young men were involved in Barbara's disappearance After all. The Forest service crew estimated that they came back down a full 45 minutes before Jim did and there was nothing suspicious about their behavior. But as Perry Johnson, the lead investigator for Barbara's case for the RA Valley County Sheriff's Office repeatedly says, in the days and weeks following Barbara's disappearance, the men would at least be able to confirm the fact that Barbara had made it to the trail at all. And they don't exactly hide the fact that they're not totally convinced that she did. Officer Johnson says that to him. The men are the quote unquote key to this case.


'cause if she was never there, then there are some tough questions Jim has to answer. Okay, but what motive does Jim have to do anything to her? I mean he's what her husband's cousin's boyfriend. I mean, I don't even know if I know the names of those people in my life. So did they even really know each other before Jim and Donna's visit? You know, I'm not sure if they did or if they didn't. Some sources call him like a family friend. But that could have just been shorthand for like a, to your point, husband's, cousin's boyfriend. You know, so Right. Whether they did or did not, though no one is claiming that Jim's got any beef with Barbara or, or even any reason to hurt her.


But I mean we know not every crime is premeditated And. I mean. We know more than anything that people don't always have a logical explanation for doing terrible things. So I mean, again, it's something you have to look at. Like if he did do something, if he hurt her, if he's lying or whatever, there might not be a reason. Oh okay. But here's the problem I have with that. He's not familiar with this area, right? He's visiting Barbara was taking him to a place that she was familiar with. I feel like even when it's a lot completely illogical, most people choose to kill people in areas that they're familiar with. True. On top of that, he wasn't even supposed to be out there with her alone in the first place.


I mean Donna was supposed to be with them that morning. The theory just doesn't really add up to me. I mean, I agree, but that's the problem with this case. Britt no theory adds up. You cannot tell me a theory that makes sense with what we know right now if we're taking everything as fact. And that's why we're just, we're missing something. So while they don't call Jim a suspect over these first few days, they do consider him a person of interest again, not necessarily because there's any evidence that points to him being the culprit, but because there just isn't anyone else. Yeah. Now this whole while they keep trying to find those two men and they keep searching for Barbara and the search for her by now is massive.


I mean there are numerous agencies that have pitched in and gotten involved, including the ra, valley County Sheriff's Office, the National Guard, the Department of Homeland Security, the US Forest Service, and the search and rescue teams from both Missoula and Valley County. And that's not even saying anything of the volunteers like the Bullocks friends, they have neighbors come out, relatives as well as just like random civilians who wanna help all of them come on their own time to conduct their own unofficial searches, which is like heart and honestly like overwhelming to Carl because he just like is so grateful to these people who he knows and doesn't know who are trying to help him. He actually publishes a letter to the editor of the Val Republic just to express his appreciation.


So these searches keep happening and over the next few weeks there are more, more searches, more helicopters, even ones equipped with infrared cameras. So they can conduct aerial searches at night. But Britt, they find nothing. It is like she evaporated into thin air when ground searches are eventually called off a few weeks later. Authorities are just as confused as ever and without any other evidence to support the theory that Jim did something to Barbara either on the mountain or before they got there. Val County Sheriff Chris Hoffman states in reporting by Jessica Mayer that they've basically ruled him out And they still haven't found the two other hikers.


No. So that's the thing. This is like, again, something I can't get over. Those guys never come forward like to this very day have not come forward. No one knows who they are again, even though detectives are like, listen, we don't consider them suspects. We don't even consider them persons of interest, which to me is like too strange. Why wouldn't you come forward? Well, and thinking through this, what could they have been able to do to Barbara? I mean, without her making a peep, without leaving any trace of her behind. I mean the sheriff even said this trail is like an up and back deal. It's pretty clear they didn't bring her back down with them.


They even chatted with that construction crew on their way out. And surely all those searches would've turned up something, some traits of her. Even just her scent if she was somewhere on that mountain. Well Yeah, but you would like, you would think though, I mean they would've literally had to like pull her off, do something to her, leave her there and then get back down. 'cause they're down 45 minutes before Jim comes down. Yeah, the timeline is even tight. They don't even try it. Don't, yeah and they don't find her like I, I mean when I look at something like this, I always have like the Israel keys of the world living in the back of my head now. Right? Not necessarily him, but Right. Like he's not the only one who's operating like that. We just don't know about the other ones yet.


But to your point, like what we're talking about like is like where the hell would someone even take her And? I don't know if like maybe if I knew the area more, if it would make more sense. I mean maybe there are places to go off the trail, but it just seems so, it seems So risky. Yeah. I mean Jim turned around for a minute and you couldn't like plan that he was going to do that. Then even turn around like so it's literally somebody sitting in Wait Who hoping that they would have maybe an opportunity at some point that day with someone and then, and you just Like scoop her up and whisk her off. Where? How Well, and in all these years, I mean, have they put anyone else on the mountain at the same time and no, like Carl couldn't have snuck away and done something or Donna literally anyone else in her life.


No, they're so they're, they haven't placed anyone else on that mountain. But like there has to be, right? I don't know. But they haven't placed anyone else. They pretty much rule out Carl. 'cause we know right? Like Carl and Donna were together. Like they're each other's alibi at home. Jim would've definitely recognized Carl. Like if Carl did something like, I mean it had to have, it would have been like the worst plan in like the history of plans that he got. The luckiest in the history of luck kind of thing. It doesn't make sense. There's no way it happened. It's a total no go. Plus Carl is absolutely devastated by his wife going missing O. Okay, but then who or I mean what at this point does that leave? She walked away.


The earth swallowed her up. But aliens, I mean there's weird option D like this one source was like, oh what if there's like this mountain man? Which I think is what I, what I was maybe thinking when I was like, oh there's some dude just like sitting and waiting. Okay. I don't know What a mountain man. Yeah, I don't, again, I think people are grasping at straws. I don't know what they mean by mountain man. I'm assuming again, it refers to somebody who's like very off the grid, off like lives in the mountains again. Maybe would know it better than anyone so he could take her somewhere. Okay. But, But they searched high and low even with infrared. I mean I feel like they would've found the mountain man if he existed.


Britt. I know I like, and again, there's nothing that's ever been out there that like provides evidence of said mountain man. Like what? But there's just nothing else like okay. And again, I don't even think mountain man Is her walking away from her life like actually a valid option then. I mean so some people have theorized that like maybe she just decided to start a new life somewhere else as some else. But like every other theory to me there are these massive holes. Like for one, all she had on her was her day pack and the clothes that she's wearing. No, ID, no passport, no money. Like as far as Carl says life's going great for Barbara and the whole Bullock family.


She's like even learning to fly a plane now you could get really conspiratorial be like, oh she left and and she was learning to fly so she could fly outta the country. But like that is some like wild like Tiger King, Carol Baskin Got some deep shit. Yeah, exactly. She also like, I mean she had these new hobbies, like she was taking up skiing, she loved to travel. They had this like cruise planned that was like all booked and ready to go for the fall. And again, okay, so say say we're going like wild conspiracy whatever. That's why she's learning to fly. She definitely wanted to start a new life. Doesn't matter that she had a cruise booked. Like we have the same issue that every other theory has. Was it just like the logistics of it all?


How does she get herself off that mountain? Like we know she doesn't come back down via the trail. How would she be able to do it without leaving a trace behind and in under a minute with her hiking companion like 20 or 30 feet away And reminder she was supposed to have two hiking companions that day, right? I mean obviously you said she was an avid hiker, pretty physically fit and this was like a really familiar favorite trail of hers. I mean maybe she could have walked off the trail and made her way down some other way, but it still just seems like so much chance Wouldn't, like even if she did that, wouldn't searchers have found some trace of her? Ashley, I am grasping at straws too.


I don't know. I don't either. And like even when this theory is brought up, Carl is adamant like this is something she would not do. She's not gonna walk away, she's not gonna do this to him, not to her family, not to her like beloved pets. So that's it. I mean Barbara just poof, evaporated on the mountain and, and no one's ever found out how or why. I mean that's it. There was like this tiny brief moment of hope in 2010 when some mushroom pickers came across skeletal remains. But authorities concluded pretty quickly that the remains likely belong to a male And I mean from what I found, although they do their best to determine who he is as far as I can tell, his identity has actually never been determined.


And so Barbara's case is still a mystery to this day. In a 2014 interview in the Missoula independent Val County sheriff Chris Hoffman said that not a week goes by that he doesn't think of Barbara Bullock. He explained that investigators hadn't ruled out any scenarios, but he did make special note of the wildness and vastness of this area, making this kind of like little pinching gesture with his hand saying, If, you don't feel about that big in that country. You're not seeing it for what it is. So maybe every theory is possible. Maybe she's still out there. I mean I, I, again, I said it early on, like I, maybe the piece I'm missing is the vastness of this land.


Like right when he's saying this, I don't think I'm understanding or I'm underestimating this place, right? Like maybe anything is possible. So If, you were ever out on the trails, crime junkies, do not let beauty lull you into security. Always be vigilant 'cause anything can happen at any time. If, you know anything about the disappearance of Barbara Bullock, call the Val County Sheriff's Office at 4 0 6 3 7 5 4 0 6 0. And if somehow this message reaches those two other male hikers, what you have to say is still so vitally important, please contact the Sheriff's office.


Don't forget If, you want more Crime Junkie episodes like this one. New members can try the fan club app for free in July and August when you sign up through our website and use code free summer, head to the link in the show notes and make sure you hit the follow button here so you don't miss any bonus content that we put out. We'll be popping back in your feed next Thursday with another vol episode. Bye Crime Junkie. Crime Junkie is an check production.


So what do you think, Chuck, do you approve?


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms, Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.


Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here, creator and host of the top true crime shows Crime Junkie and The Deck. Now, you may be used to hearing my voice every week, but you can now watch some of these stories and more unfold on the Crime Junkie YouTube channel, more true crime content, more Best Friend content. You'll find bonus Crime Junkie content plus full episodes of Crime Junkie af. And you can even check out a full length episode of the deck because the case I needed you to see is one that you need to truly do more than just listen to. So if video podcasts are something you enjoy or you're looking to add even more Crime Junkie content into your routine, be sure to go check out our channel and subscribe to Crime Junkie podcast on YouTube.