
Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here. If you love diving into mysteries and exploring the unexplained, but sometimes wonder if the answers lie just beyond the edge of what we know, your next listen should be So supernatural. Every week I handpick the most bizarre mind-bending mysteries for my friends rash and Yvette to look into from eerie disappearances, to encounters that defy explanation. Rash and Yvette dive deep into every possibility, paranormal, scientific, and everything in between. So if you're ready to explore the unknown, then join us on So Supernatural Over 100 episodes are available now and new stories are explored every Friday.


Listen to So Supernatural now, wherever you listen to podcasts, Step into the freedom of summer with jewelry from Pandora that reflects who you are and where you're going. From sunrise to sunset, Pandora jewelry transports you to paradise and no passport is required. Discover new arrivals featuring ocean charms, colorful tennis bracelets, lab-grown diamonds and engrave able pieces. All perfect additions to your summer staples. Be unmissable this summer with vacation ready designs that are unique to you. Feel it, live it, embrace it. Be love. Shop in store or online at Pandora dot net. To discover new summer styles, Your home should show off who you are telling your story in every detail meeting you where you are.


The Ashley store has styles that balance timeless appeal and modern trends to bring your personal look home with well-crafted, affordable pieces built to stand up to real life. Plus they provide fast, reliable, white glove delivery right to your door. Visit your local Ashley store or head to ashley.com to find your style. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really?


Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply, see Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC. Hi Crime Junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And listen, the story I have for you today. Girl, you know I love a deep dive and this one was a true dive because originally when I came across this like blip of a story, there was almost nothing to it. Two women and a little girl vanished on their way home from The Gospel concert, the end, not a lot of coverage, not a lot of theories. One of those articles that will honestly fool you into thinking that maybe there is no story there, but no one can disappear without a trace and not leave behind a complicated web just waiting to be unraveled.


And after our team spoke with absolutely everyone we could get in touch with about this case from family members to law enforcement, we can finally bring you the details that haven't been reported on anywhere else. And we can slowly start to unravel this mystery if the right person who hears this is brave enough to finally come forward. So if you are that right person, listen closely. This is the story of Sarah and Kimberly Boyd and Linda McCord For Tiffany Ross.


April 5th, 1987 begins like many other lazy Sundays hanging out at her grandmother's house in Dorchester, South Carolina. Tiffany's family is really tight knit so people are always in and out of the house. And on this day it is her uncle Philip who stops by Tiffany's only eight. So she's not part of her uncle and her grandma's conversation, but she can hear clear as day when Philip says that his wife, 3-year-old Sarah Boyd and their 2-year-old daughter Kimberly are missing. Philip hasn't seen them since Friday, April 3rd when they left to go to The Gospel concert with Sarah's 3-year-old friend, Linda McCord. Now it was supposed to be a quick thing. I mean like to the concert was only like a 30 minute drive from where they live in Dorchester.


And in that moment when she hears this, this sparks a memory for little Tiffany, maybe a sign that everybody missed a day earlier that something was wrong. You see, Sarah stopped by her mom's house every day after work. So Tiffany was standing in that same kitchen on Friday when Sarah asked her mom if she wanted to come with them to that gospel concert. But she said no. And so mom and daughter agreed that they would see one another the next day, but they didn't stop by the house the next day like they said they would. After Sarah and Kimberly got into Linda's 1977 Blue Lincoln and drove off, no one had gotten so much as a phone call from Sarah, but now that everyone is talking, they are beyond worried.


Sarah's not someone who would just go off somewhere without telling anyone, especially with her daughter. So the family rallies together with the help of friends and neighbors and they all start driving around in pickup trucks looking everywhere they can think of just trying to make sense of a situation that doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Yeah, and this is low country, South Carolina. So there are dirt roads, tons of open space, which you might think would make it easy to see like far and wide. But according to an officer that we spoke to, it's like looking for a needle in a haystack because without any information to narrow down a search area, there is just so much remote ground to to cover right now as they're looking right around this same time, there's somebody who's sounding the alarm about Linda being missing as well.


Police get a call from her husband, John McCord, and he tells them that last he knew Linda was on her way to The Gospel concert with Sarah and Kimberly. Now granted Sarah and Kimberly's family, they're still doing their own search. They haven't even told police yet. So this is the first police or hearing of it. So John goes into a little more detail based on the police report that was filed. He tells the police that he hadn't seen Linda since she left at around 6:30 PM on Friday to pick up Sarah and Kimberly. And oh, by the way, he's extra worried because he'd found Linda's abandoned car already that morning. John says that a witness spotted Linda's blue Lincoln at around 9:00 AM it was stalled and abandoned in Orangeburg, which is just one county over from Dorchester.


The spot where it's found is this intersection that like three of the major highways cross, one of them being Highway 15, which is the road that the trio would've taken to the concert. But problem is the car is found like 20 minutes in the wrong direction from where Linda was supposed to drop Sarah and Kimberly off on the way back. I mean it's not even on the way to Linda's mom's house either where she and John are living, but it doesn't even really matter because no matter where it was, John tells the police it's not even there anymore. Then where Is It? John said he already had the car towed to an auto shop well Before calling police. Yes, but also no.


So this is where things get a little messy. So the police were technically told about the car before it was moved, like the witness who actually found it called the police in Orangeburg County where the car was. And that makes sense, like why would the witness call a different county? Like they don't know, right? Right. They're here in Orangeburg, they're gonna call Orangeburg. Right. So when Orangeburg County police ran the car's registration, John is listed as the owner and lucky for John, Lieutenant Martin with Orangeburg County is his buddy. So Lieutenant Martin just called John up and is like, Hey, your car's here. And the two of them basically like drove out and moved it together. So like okay, on one hand what the hell people, right?


Yeah. Like let's just hold up a minute and take stock of the situation. On the other you have a police lieutenant agreeing to help move the car, like if you're John like, so John probably thought it was okay to do. Yeah, and I mean I assume John told Lieutenant Martin that he hasn't seen his wife since she drove away in that car. Now that they're finding an abandoned, I Don't know how much Lieutenant Martin knows right off the bat. The officers that we talked to believe that Lieutenant Martin honestly just thought he was helping a friend move his car and that he didn't learn about Linda being missing until after they had already moved it. But anyways, they claim that the reason they took the car to the auto shop is because once they got into it, they discovered that a freeze plug had popped out of the engine, which can happen when a car is sitting out in the cold for a while and like the water inside the engine freezes.


And if that happens, like a car might run for a little while, but eventually the engine is gonna die. And What month did you say this happened in? This Is April of 87 in South Carolina. So it's like, it's not the summer months. I did look it up and while it was cold that night, it was like around 39 degrees. We know water freezes at 32, so like question marks, I dunno. Here we are and this is where the investigation really begins. Police go down to the auto shop and they bring the state law enforcement division or sled to process the car. But it looks pretty unremarkable. I mean there's nothing broken or torn, there's no traces of blood or anything to suggest foul play. And even if there was evidence to find that was invisible to the naked eye, like fingerprints or something.


By now there are a few people besides Lieutenant Martin and I'm assuming John or whatever who have been in the car, like mechanics, whatever. Right? So since that's no longer a viable lead, that's where their work on the car seems to stop. And officer we spoke to said the police never actually went under the car to see what was wrong with it. He just remembers someone possibly Lieutenant Martin telling him about the freeze plug being the issue. And then another, a different officer remembered potentially seeing a photo of the plug but never actually checked out the engine either or even talked directly to a mechanic it seems. So with the car being a bit of a bust, police turned back to the area that it was found in that place where all the highways came together.


This place is called Wells Crossroads and it's pretty remote now. There is a church and a Department of Transportation office there, but they would've been closed by the time the trio was driving back from that concert, which would've been at around 10:30 PM So do they know by this point that the women actually made it to the concert? Like people saw them? I don't know if they know that just yet because they're still like literally just checking out the area where the car was found. But they do confirm that the trio made it to the concert pretty early in the investigation. I'll actually come back to that, I promise. But for now there is no sign of them in this area anywhere. Like if they had walked to get help after their car broke down, you would think there would be something for them to see.


Yeah. So police aren't sure what to make of this without knowing what actually brought Linda, Sarah, and Kimberly to Wells Crossroads. They first wanna talk to witnesses and they start with John, not just because he found the car and reported the trio missing, but because this is a small community where everybody knows everybody, which means everybody knows everybody's business, even police. And according to an officer we spoke to, police already knew a thing or two about John. This podcast is brought to you by Kleenex, ultra soft tissues. It's that time of year the flowers are blooming and the birds are chirping.


And also that time when allergies can test you and show up when you least expect. But with Kleenex, ultra soft tissues, you can be ready to face them, whether it's sneezes or watery eyes, you don't want to be caught without a tissue on hand to help. Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues are gentle on eyes and noses. They're for all the moments at home and on the go that allergies can disrupt this allergy season. Be better prepared with Kleenex ultra soft tissues, which is allergist approved so you can go on with your day. Life and allergies can both be unpredictable, but you can be prepared for that time of year by making sure you always got Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues ready for whatever happens next, grab Kleenex.


Australia is home to some of the world's deadliest killers, snakes, spiders, sharks, crocs. So how is it that Aussies are so laid back? It's simple. They're all wearing comfy bonds undies. This podcast has been made possible by bonds. Australia's most loved underwear brand, which has just launched here in the states. The undies and brass are super soft and supportive, designed to be worn all day long. Seriously, these are some of the most comfortable undies I've ever put on. I got a couple pairs initially and literally after I wore them once I was sold and bought so many more, I also got a cute jammy set that I practically live in. Now I can't believe Australia had these all to themselves before.


Now if you wanna get your hands on a pair, we've got an exclusive code had to bonds australia.com and enter crime junk yet checkout to get 30% off. That's BLN ds australia.com. Bonds made for down under terms and conditions apply offer ends 6th of July, 2025. The officer we talked to remembers police being called to John and Linda's house for what he described as a domestic dispute on more than one occasion. And he remembers Linda filing at least one police report against John accusing him of domestic violence. And while the officer doesn't remember exactly what was in that report, and don't worry, I fully offered to look for them, but our FOIA was denied.


Wmp Wmp, Linda's family filled in some of the blanks for us about her marriage to John. John and Linda met at a picnic and they hit it off really fast. I mean like they got married within a year. But Linda's family told us that Linda was someone who sought out friendships with who her family describes as the wrong people. And from the jump to them, John was the wrong people, like bad vibes. Right off the bat. He didn't like being challenged by women and implied that he liked Linda because she was kind of meek and Linda's family felt like they saw Linda less and less and less over the about 10 years that the couple was married, at least until recently, because not long before she went missing Linda and John actually had to move in with Linda's mom because their house had burned down in a mysterious fire that I would love to know more about, but like again, could not get a ton of information on.


Okay? Yeah, yeah, I have questions too. So I don't know if John was on better behavior while they were living there. Linda's mom has passed away, so we couldn't ask her, but I doubt it because we heard from one of Linda's cousins that the last time she spoke to Linda on the phone, Linda sounded really scared and she confided in her that John was abusive and had threatened to kill her multiple times. Linda's cousin also said that John allegedly put a gun to Linda's head once to make her lay her head on her pillow and then he tore her hair out. Oh my God. Another one of Linda's cousins remembers a time when Linda came over with a black eye. Both cousins told Linda to leave John, but she was afraid of leaving John.


And on top of everything going on, John allegedly would often follow her when she left the house. And listen, her cousin hadn't even known that Linda ever reported the abuse because she barely opened up to her own family about it. So I can't imagine how bad it must have gotten for her to finally go to police. So police go into their interview with John knowing all of that, but he seems willing to talk at least initially. He talks to them for almost an hour, giving them a rundown of everything he did the night that Linda went missing, he says that he got home from a job laying concrete at around 7:30 PM and then he noticed that Linda wasn't home yet. So then after that he went, wait, How did he know that she left at six 30 to pick up Sarah and Kimberly?


If he wasn't home then he was still at work at seven 30. He was based on what I put together. I think he was going off of what she told him. Her plan was okay. I don't think he's saying that he saw them leave. But anyway, so he got home after work and he sees that she isn't there. So he says he goes back out to a store, buys some beers, which he drinks in his truck to just kill time and relax. And then he apparently drove all around at night looking for Linda. Does he go home at any point or does he drink beers and just know, Assume She's missing, his wife is missing. I know. And goes out drunk driving looking for her If he goes home. He does not mention that to police.


So he's that worried, but oh by the way, doesn't report her missing for another full day, right? Correct. Okay. Now an officer remembers him claiming he didn't call police right away because he thought Linda would come home eventually, Which like Doesn't drive I I like get, but then why are you driving around looking for her? For her both things looking like immediately? Yeah, like both things can't be true. I know. And listen, he's like, listen, she left me before to stay with friends after we fought, but she always came back and he's not saying that there was any kind of fight in this instance, but just that like Belinda was known to stay with friends Like it happened before. Right? So I just am assuming she's gonna come home, which again, to your point is like, wait, which version is true?


Yeah. And all this is verified by By no one. Cool. Yeah, because he says he is alone all night. So in his mind nothing's really wrong until her car is found abandoned. Well Not even then because he said that the idea she was at a friend's house was still something that he was considering when he came across the car, which really doesn't make sense to me because why would she just leave her car at this crossroads and hi, there is still no sign of her or the two other people she went missing with. With. Okay, that's What I was just about to say. Like I can see her trying to leave him. Like I understand that like you gotta take any out you can get. But it doesn't make any sense that Sarah and Kimberly would be missing too.


I know. And here's the thing. At the time there was this rumor going around that maybe both women ran away from their husbands, but like there's not quite the same history in Sarah's marriage to really give that rumor weight. We actually talked to her family about her marriage to her husband Philip. And we learned that, I mean the two had known each other forever. Their families were close. I mean the pair had even grown up basically next door to one another. They were childhood sweethearts who eventually got married. And Kimberly was Sarah's pride and joy. And from what we heard, Sarah seemed to be really happy before she and Kimberly went missing. But one of her sisters did mention feeling like there was some tension in her marriage to Philip.


Not any type of abuse, but like maybe something closer to emotional distancing. And that Philip, this person said could be cold. But Tiffany remembers her uncle Philip as a firm person, like in his tone of voice. But she said that to her, he had this like huge heart underneath it all. Now all that being said about their relationship leading up to Sarah's disappearance, there was something off about the way Philip acted after one of Linda's cousins, who by the way was actually a distant relative of Philip's, like I told you. Small town. Yeah. She told us about an incident that stood out to her in the days after the three went missing. She said that Philip seemed almost dismissive when another family member was trying to give him advice on how to help the investigation.


And he basically just said that, well sometimes women just like go off and Linda's cousin describes everyone's jaw kind of like being on the floor when he said that. And he doesn't even talk to law enforcement until three or four days after Sarah and Kimberly go missing though, to be fair, I don't know if they were like beating down his door trying to get to him. 'cause while it does seem like Philip drags his feet on working with law enforcement, he does look to them for help eventually. I mean he stops authorities on the street in the grocery store anywhere he can find them asking for updates on the case. So even if he wasn't a super emotional person in general, it does become clear to people like he seems devastated by this. And in fairness to him, I can see how him saying they'll come back could be like wishful thinking or denial on his part.


Like yeah, I don't like he has to believe that or it's just like too much to carry. Like losing your wife and your daughter. Like that's your whole family, right? I don't Know how I would process it. I can, I can see myself being like, well sometimes this happens, some maybe I miss something. Maybe they're, you want them to be alive and out there, right? Yeah. Okay. So I'm still trying to wrap my head around this. If Linda's family is distantly related to Philip, does that mean that John and Philip like know each other? They They do. And actually more than just like through this distant family connection, both of them actually worked at the same cement plant together. Oh, and listen, I know what you're thinking. I knew where this is going. Like a very strangers on a train situation. Yeah, but like simplified two guys worked together, both possibly having issues in their marriages.


Both wives go missing, both saying they'll probably turn up. Could they have been in on it together? Well the investigators we talked to all told us that they were never as suspicious of Philip as they were of John. And maybe that's partly because of the lack of documented physical abuse and maybe because Philip agreed to take a polygraph and passed a polygraph. Though interesting tidbit we heard from Sarah's family, they say that he got a passing grade, but he did fail one question, which was about whether or not he was having an affair. We obviously asked law enforcement about this, but they wouldn't confirm that with us. So if there was an affair, they would not talk about it.


Maybe no one even talked about it to him. Maybe there was no affair, right? I don't know. But police feel like they know Phillip isn't their guy and they rule him out entirely early on in the investigation after they search both the cement plant and a dump site that he works at and they don't find anything incriminating. And so while Philip is over there being Mr. Cooperative, John is clamming up and doing himself no favors. Police make it clear to him that he is a suspect and taking a polygraph would be in his best interest so that they can clear him and move on. But John says, no way. Not now, not ever. Especially not after the last time he took one.


Most true crime stories start after something bad has already happened. But what if the crime never had a chance to happen at all? That's the power of SimpliSafe. Active guard outdoor protection, AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. If someone's looking around or acting suspiciously those agents see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. Yes, SimpliSafe has incredible coverage and SimpliSafe has agents monitoring your home safety around the clock. But it's also so easy to use from the setup you can do yourself like I do to the mobile app that keeps you connected to your SimpliSafe system from anywhere. SimpliSafe is the clear choice for the best in home security. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe,


It's hard to find a real partner in crime. But for those of you without an Ashley in your corner, don't worry. T-Mobile 5G home internet is like the cutting co-host you didn't know you were missing with wifi mesh. Those spots where your wifi wasn't great before can now be great and you can catch the latest TV shows and movies because Hulu with ads and Paramount plus essential are included in your plan. So it's easy to get why T-Mobile is ranked number one in customer satisfaction for home wireless internet nationwide by JD Power. That's right. T-Mobile has home internet with great benefits and it comes with a five year price guarantee. When I'm getting deep into a case, I can be streaming the latest true crime documentary and writing down notes and questions and ideas. All thanks to T-Mobile's 5G Home internet with a range of plans that suit our budget.


Check availability at T-Mobile dot com slash home. Internet exclusions like taxes and fees apply guarantees regular monthly rate plan price of fixed wireless 5G internet data with qualifying service. Additional terms apply for JD Power 2024 award information. Visit jd power.com/awards. John tell's police there was another incident that he got caught up in where he agreed to take a polygraph. Now he says in this case he was innocent TBD what was poly results and what was cold? Hard facts, but he wound up being found guilty and the officer we talked to remembered that it was related to some kind of vehicle theft or something of that nature in Orangeburg County, but we couldn't get those case files and nothing like that appears in John's court records.


So I don't know. And listen, I know Crime Junkie life rule number four is never take a polygraph, but this is the latest in a long list of reasons why John's looking really sussed to police. If he's not talking and he's not taking the poly, they're gonna need something else on him if they wanna try and prove that he's their guy. So they spend a lot of time really trying to nail down the trio the last movements the day they went missing. So Linda's mom tells police she saw Linda earlier the day that she went missing actually in the same parking lot of the school where the gospel concert would be that night. And when she saw her, Linda was talking to somebody in a beat up blue car and it was a car that she didn't recognize.


And then we know that Tiffany confirmed she saw Linda and her car in the driveway when Linda came to pick Sarah and Kimberly up. So we know she's okay after talking to whoever that was in the blue car. But like sure would be good if police could find whoever was in that blue car. So Linda picks up Sarah and Kimberly around 6:30 PM and all of them take off for the gospel concert. Like I told you earlier, we know they made it police interview witnesses who were there at the concert who saw the trio, but no one seemed to report anything out of the ordinary about them. But somehow a rumor comes up that maybe one of the missing women possibly had a thing with someone in the gospel choir.


But according to Linda's family, when we talked to them, that might have come from John's own jealousy. I guess he hated that Linda went to see gospel quartets, which were made up of two men and two women because that meant she was around other men, God forbid. Oh, and it sounds bananas because that is bananas you guys, but Linda's family found out just how deep John's jealousy ran when they discovered yearbooks of Linda's. So I guess in pictures of her with dates to like school dances or whatever, John had fully scratched out the men's faces. Woof. Like that is not cool. John I know. And everyone we talked to was clear that they don't believe there's any truth to the rumors of like extramarital romances or whatever.


And like again, this Is a John thing, This seems like a John thing, but you go back to the timeline. So after the concert ended, the three piled into Linda's car to head home, there is a couple who actually sees Linda's car later on on the highway headed back toward Dorchester County. This couple is a preacher and his wife who knew Linda, they knew Sarah. They went to the very same concert. They were all just at, well guess what they notice, they see Linda's car and they see an old beat up blue car following Linda's car and it all stands out because the cars weren't traveling at a normal speed. Both were driving really slowly, which makes sense if Linda's engine was overheating because of the freeze plug popping out.


But here's the kicker, the couple couldn't tell who was actually driving the car. So while we see Linda's car, this isn't necessarily the last sighting of the trio, just the last sighting of the car, The car that they were in, Right? There's just one more sighting of Linda's car after this. This is a sighting of the car sitting empty at the wells crossroads the next day. So this is now Saturday at 10:00 PM So police realize that Linda's car must have been sitting there for at least 10 hours before it gets found by that witness and then moved by John and the lieutenant. And then now there's this 24 hour window between them leaving the concert and then the car even being spotted there abandoned where we don't know where they are or even really where the car was.


So The theories, it's like a help gone wrong. They have car trouble and whoever was inside this beat up blue car who Linda apparently might kind of maybe know or at least like met before because her mom saw her talking to someone in the car earlier, like is helping them. And then something like takes a turn or their car broke down on the side of the road and the wrong person stumbled upon them, Right? I mean to me those theories make way more sense than them just running off, which is like without a car. Yeah. Yeah. But there might actually be another theory. So one officer dropped a bomb on us and this is the part that has never been reported before.


Even the family didn't know this when we interviewed them, apparently there were some additional witnesses from the gospel concert who reported seeing a man who kind of like walked in and just hung around the back of the room for a few minutes before leaving again. And the officer remembers that the description of this man matched John McCord. And when I found this out, a story that the family told us just like clicked into place for me. Like one time, I guess Linda's relatives say that she caught John in a parking lot under Linda's car, tampering with the engine so that he could play hero by like fixing the problem so she could get back home.


I'm sorry, what? I know my eyes were like popping out of my head when I heard this. Yeah. So when you put that story together with the sighting of someone who looked like John and then what Linda's family told us about him following Linda places, this potential other theory of like what could have happened starts to emerge and starts to make sense to me. Yeah. This is like classic stalker behavior I know, but without witnesses being able to confirm that John was that guy at the back of the concert or that he was the guy driving the beat up blue car, there still is no concrete evidence directly pointing to John or anyone for that matter.


What kind of car does John drive? So police and family that we spoke to said that it was a green pickup truck that he drove. Okay. But I don't know if he had access to other cars. I mean I know he worked at a dealership at one point in his life also. Did he have a friend or like you know, did again, did he have access? I don't know. And as far as I can tell, police never connect him to a beat up old blue car by now in the investigation, it's been almost three weeks since Linda, Sarah, and Kimberly have gone missing and the investigation is hitting wall after wall. So Linda's and Sarah's moms meet for the first time to try and share information. Linda and Sarah had gone to elementary school together, but they lost touch before reconnecting as adults.


So like these two moms, while they were again small town might know who each other are. They don't know each other super well before this. And so they kind of exchange what they're hearing from police. They try and stay in contact because all they really have to go on is what they're able to find out themselves. Especially because Orangeburg County isn't doing much to help with the investigation, even though Linda's car was found there. Like by that point, the three week mark, there hadn't even been an official search of the Wells crossroads area. What I know and like looking back, some family members wonder if Sarah, Kimberly and Linda who were black, they wonder if they had been white, would there have been more resources, more news coverage, more pressure to get something done quicker, Different skin color, different access to resources.


These are like real things that there are very real statistics about. I know and some of the family are clear that their criticism is for Orangeburg County even more than Dorchester County. But either way, like things are just not moving at this point. So the family and those close to them push even harder pressuring law enforcement every way they can. So that search of wells crossroads finally happens on April 26th, three long weeks after they went missing. But after hours of searching, nothing is found except for a few marijuana fields which police do look into. Like maybe they came across these fields when they got lost, then something happened.


Like were they in the wrong place at the wrong time, came across the wrong person or weed farm or whatever. But like that doesn't go anywhere either. And to me like that boils down to like, it doesn't make sense for them to be in that area in the first place. Right? Right. Like right, We're already, it's not on their way home anywhere. Yeah. So once again, the investigation hits a wall. The next thing that moves it is Dorchester County Police get an anonymous phone call that leads to them searching a completely different area. This anonymous caller urges police to check out a local racetrack where he claims the women and Kimberly were murdered. Now what he says exactly, police are keeping under wraps like still to this day, but even then they told local media that the caller had information that only someone with close knowledge of the case would have, whatever that might be.


So the first weekend in May, just a week out from the last search, 75 people, police and volunteers scour 50 acres around that said racetrack. But again, they come up empty handed police hold out hope that maybe this tipster will call again. Like maybe they just didn't have enough information or the right information or whatever. But as far as we know, that never happens. So Where is this racetrack and are there any like specific ties to like suspects or other Theories? I mean it, this racetrack is in Dorchester County, like where like they live and stuff, but if there's any ties to a specific person or suspect or whatever, like we weren't told about that now after this smaller searches go on for another month, police even bring in an FBI plane with radar capabilities.


Like the radar can help find buried bodies in like the woods and swamps and stuff. Yeah. But even then nothing. Okay, So this case sounded so familiar to me and I could not put my finger on it until you mentioned searching for bodies in woods and swamps. Didn't we talk about this case in another episode where a mom and daughter disappeared in like the same place? This is how I found this case. Okay, Corina Malinowski and Annette Sagers, that's the case that you're thinking of. Okay. So like, just so people know, the short version of that case is that it's another mother and young daughter who go missing in the low country. This is just a few months after Sarah, Kimberly and Linda, they lived about 45 minutes away. And we actually did ask officers about whether they ever thought these cases were connected.


They said they looked into that possibility, but they didn't find anything to suggest any kind of connection. And If I remember correctly, the connection sounds like, like awful husbands show up in both cases, but like that's kind of it. That's kind of it. Yeah. So like there is a strong suspect in that other case Crime junkies, I'll link out to the episode if you wanna hear it. The one that it's in is the episode missing from a bus stop. But back to Sarah, Kimberly and Linda not connected to that case or any other case. And all roads are dead ends. As the years go on, their families feel the chances of finding their loved ones alive slowly starts to slip away. But what's even worse is that there are so many leads they feel have gone uninvestigated by police leads that police claim they haven't even heard about until recently.


Like Linda's family told us about something that Linda's mom remembered about the night Linda went missing something that she was too scared to share with police before she died in 1989 because she was too terrified of John. So if you remember Linda and John were living with her that Linda's mom after that mysterious house fire. So the morning after Linda had gone missing, Linda's mom saw John and a nephew of his come through her front door at around 6:30 AM Both of them were super sweaty with like mud all over their work boots. And she was like a very like super tidy person. So she noticed it and I bet she wasn't even happy about it, right?


But she also didn't think much of it at the time because they did work in construction. But remember John told police that he was alone all night, right? And so if he had nothing to hide, why didn't he just tell them that he was with his nephew? Especially because having a witness to back up your story, an alibi like that just could Be good, helps You like I know when did they finally hear about This? So according to police, it wasn't until Linda's family shared it with a journalist Mel Orland. Mel had done some reporting on this case for a, B, C news four in 2024. Was everyone else just too scared to say anything after her mom had passed? Like that's such a long time.


Well, I Mean I think that they probably had some of the same fears that like Linda's mom did, like, I don't know also how much they felt like police could even help because like after she was gone, right? Everything, it's hearsay's hearsay, right? And by the way, the thing I haven't told you, or maybe you've picked up on, there might be all the reason in the world not to have gone right to police with this. You see at some point down the line when the case really starts to go cold, Linda's family brings in a pi, this retired sled agent that they know, they're trying to see if he can like track anything down. And they told us that the private investigator had reasons to believe that John was allegedly a police informant.


And the PI believed that John would allegedly buy alcohol, sell it to underage kids before they went out to the local clubs and bars. And then he reported their underage drinking so that those kids would get arrested. Didn't you just describe entrapment basically? It Definitely has that air of entrapment. Yeah. And it's like it's messed up anyway, you slice it if it's true now that PI has since died, so beyond what the family told us, like we couldn't verify this, but both families feel that John seemed to be protected by law enforcement specifically in Orangeburg or like he just seemed untouchable there. Which by the way, we started this episode being like his friend Lieutenant Martin at Orangeburg who called him up was like, your car's here, right?


So while it feels to them like John is being protected, Sarah's family told us that they continued to have their own strange encounters with John. In the years after the disappearances, one of Sarah's sisters says that she saw John following her home in his car one day, another day. She claimed that he walked through her backyard and they feel like his behavior, it felt threatening, like his way of intimidating them into not looking any deeper. Oh, and want one more reason, Sarah's family never came forward. So get this, the day Sarah's mom went back to work as a seamstress after Sarah and Kimberly disappeared, this woman in the sewing room all of a sudden like burst into tears when she saw her telling her that she knew something that she couldn't tell her or quote unquote they'd kill her.


What? Now Sarah's mom like pleaded with this woman to tell her something, anything that would lead her to her daughter or her granddaughter, but the woman would not say anything. And the wildest part of this story is that Sarah's mom says that John was the one who picked this lady up from work that day and then she never saw this woman again. Okay? I was gonna ask who they are, but I think we just answered that question. I know What I know For real. Is this like another missing woman? Do we know who she is? I don't know that because Sarah's living family doesn't remember her name. Police didn't know anything about this until the a, b, c four story came out either In 2024.


I know. And and the problem is Sarah's mom has passed away. She died in 2016. So I don't know, I'm still trying to dig and look and like ask questions. Yeah. Like again, for a small community, you would think that we should have a name of this. But like, I don't know if anyone out there listening knows would love to hear from you is like, if this is real. Yeah, but all in all, I mean, you can see it seems like everyone in this community was just so scared of John that they were terrified to cross him. So for Sarah's family, like this is another lead that like seems promising, but they don't feel like it went anywhere. Although again, I don't know that police knew to look at it right now. Things went kind of silent for a while. There's like a very small blip in the case in 1990.


A weird one though, because in 1990 police get alerted that Sarah's credit card had been used at a local mall. But when they pull the signature from the receipt, it's like indecipherable. So they can't use it to find the person who actually swiped the card. Okay? But like it's the nineties security cameras existed in stores. I know They did. They actually had some, but like back then, I mean they're, they were garbage, you know what I mean? They're Barely not garbage now. So Now I know. So when they did look at 'em, they tried to pull it, they at least did their due diligence. But Sarah's sister says that police could tell that the person who used the card was a woman and she used the card to buy luggage.


But like, that's it. That's it. That's it. And listen, Sarah's family can't help, but I don't know wonder or hope that the woman might actually have been Sarah, Right? And to me it's kind of weird that it would be like 1990, like three years I know of Nothing. And then this card just pops up and, and gets used for like the first time in that long For it to be her. I know like, well her or not her, like I was surprised it was even still active. I was actually gonna mention that. Or like, not expired. I, I think that they probably kept it active just in case someone did use it, right? Like, I don't know if I told you this, but their purses and stuff were missing from the car, so I kind of wondered if it wasn't her.


Maybe the purse is wound up somewhere, you know, maybe they were found, maybe they were donated years later, someone buys it, they're like, oh my god, a credit card inside. Like who, what Would happen if I used it? The fact that it's a local mall too though makes me, would she really just be like buying luggage now if she was running away three years later, three. Like for it to be her just seems kind of unimaginable, right? And I, I guess it depends on the reason she's gone. If she quote unquote left, but listen, like whoever it was that used the card, that person never comes forward to clear this up. I don't know if police went to the public with this lead. Like it wasn't in any of the reporting that we saw before, like around 2023. So listen, I don't know, it might be worth a call out now.


I'm no legal expert, but the statute of limitations on credit card fraud has to be up. So if you are out there watching and you used Sarah Boyd's card to buy luggage in 1990 at a South Carolina mall, like, I don't know, you might have the missing piece to this puzzle. It might seem insignificant to you, but like where you got the card could be incredibly meaningful. Come forward to police. I'll have the contact information at the end of the show. But until she comes forward, if she ever does like Ma Woman is kind of a bust, and it would be another decade before Sarah's family gets another rush of hope. This is in like 2001 or 2002. And this is another like really weird blip, A man claiming to be an FBI agent knocks on Sarah's mom's door telling her that he's gone undercover to investigate John, and he is gonna help them find out what happened to Sarah and Kimberly once and for all.


Then two weeks later, this man comes back to Sarah's mom's house this time with a woman, he says is his wife. And during that visit, he drops a bombshell


At Happy Egg. Happy Hens outside lead to Tasty Yolks inside. It's really that simple. Happy Egg hens are raised by caring family farmers and they spend their days outside on pasture with ample room to roam, flap and play. And Happy egg hens always have access to fresh water and nutritious feed happy eggs. Free range farming model paired with the humane treatment of their hens leads to something pretty special, incredibly delicious eggs with rich deep orange yolks. And they come in 100% biodegradable cartons too. Listen, I grew up on a farm, my mom and sister and sister-in-law all raised chickens. I have high standards for eggs and Happy Egg met every single one of them. The first thing I thought when I saw the 12 glorious eggs in the Happy egg carton was these eggs are beautiful. And when I made my customary over medium egg with toast for breakfast, the taste was truly so delicious. Ready to try them yourself. Visit happy egg.com/ Crime Junkie to find a store near you. That's happy egg.com/ Crime Junkie.


This podcast is brought to you by Squarespace. Squarespace gives you everything you need to offer services and get paid all in one place. With Squarespace, you can create a stunning online presence that helps you showcase your services, whether it's consultations, events, or experiences on a fully customizable website that attracts clients and grows your business. Plus, you'll have the tools to make smarter business decisions. Squarespace is built in analytics, let you track website traffic, see where to focus your engagement and keep tabs on revenue from bookings, invoices, or product sales all in one place, but it doesn't stop there. Squarespace also helps streamline your entire workflow with tools for appointment scheduling, email marketing and invoicing. And with professional branded in invoices and easy online payments, getting paid on time has never been simpler. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Crime Junkie for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code Crime Junkie to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


According to Tiffany, the man tells Sarah's mom that one night he sat around a fire with John and a few other people. Everyone was drinking and John made a confession that he quote, killed two birds with one stone. Now, we don't know what that vague statement means, but this guy goes on to say that John said he killed Sarah first and then he tortured Linda for a long time before finally killing her. But the thing is, he never said anything about killing Kimberly. So he drops this bomb on her, on Sarah's mom telling her that her daughter and possibly her granddaughter are gone. And then the man's like, okay, listen, we're gonna come back to you as soon as we make an arrest.


Like basically, it almost feels like a heads up. So they leave her a business card and they take off. But here's the thing, Tiffany told us that when she called the number on the card a week later because she hadn't heard anything, it was just like a busy tone on the other end. And when the family checked with Dorchester and Orangeburg pd neither had any idea who those people were that showed up. I mean, okay, my head is spinning like who were these people? What did they look like? Did they look official? Like, and also like obviously this feels super hoaxy, right? But like, but why? But yeah, like, but what's the point?


What's the end goal of doing this? And to go there twice and then come back with an additional person and Leave a card. Like I wish it was, this was stuff that they had like kept, I mean, not that we could even do anything with it now, but like, but it's like so much work has to go into like making that feel official and coming back multiple times and like again years later. Yeah, I don't get it. But obviously the arrest that the family had been waiting for and that they were promised, that never comes, right? Police indicated to us that to this day, they think John likely had something to do with the trio's disappearance, but there just was never enough evidence to charge him though.


In the years since the disappearances, John has faced other charges. In 1988, he was charged with pointing firearms at a person. And in 1993 he was charged with assault and battery. But the chance of getting real answers in regards to John's possible involvement becomes slimmer because in 2018 he died. That doesn't mean the end of the line though. If anything, I feel like people should finally feel safer coming forward with information. Yeah, they might because in June, 2020, police actually get a tip. A caller tells them that Sarah, Kimberly, and Linda's bodies might be buried in concrete, specifically concrete, that John laid for a house in Santi, which is about eight miles from Wells Crossroads.


And this isn't the first time that police have followed a tip about concrete. I mean, they had searched one of Linda's cousin's house early on in the investigation because John laid concrete there, but they originally found nothing. And then this tip leads them to search a house that once belonged to one of John's family members. But it's not clear exactly who that person was. When the new owners decide to renovate, police get permission to demolish the place, tear apart the concrete that John laid. But three days of hard work passes and sadly, once again, nothing is found. Have Police tried getting to that nephew who came in al muddy with John, Allegedly.


Allegedly. I know. So here's the thing. So the family has a theory about which nephew this could be, but they're not a hundred percent sure. And remember, this information came out not until 2024 and Linda's mom was already gone by the time it came out, and she's the one who had the encounter. And Orangeburg County Sheriff's Office didn't respond to our multiple requests for an interview, so I couldn't even ask them. And the officers we did speak to, they're long retired now, but even though he retired earlier this year, former Dorchester County Sheriff Elsie Knight told us that he still investigates this case on his own time because to him it is far from cold. But over the years, these disappearances have gone from a community tragedy to a literal small town ghost story.


Sarah's nephew told us these days, locals speed through wells crossroads at night because they've heard about sightings of a person standing in the road who disappears as you drive closer a person locals believe is Sarah or Linda. But for these two families, this case is more than a ghost story. I mean, it is very real and it does haunt them day in and day out. Linda's family believes it's unlikely that an arrest will be made in this case now it's been too long. But they also believe that someone out there knows what happened that night in 1987, and they want whoever that is to know that Linda, Sarah, and Kimberly were human beings with family who loved them, families who have never stopped looking for them.


According to Tiffany, Philip has stayed close to Sarah's family over the years making sure that they knew he never forgot them or Sarah, or especially Kimberly, the daughter, that he never got to see grow up. Tiffany is grown up now and she's had to live almost four decades without her aunt and her cousin, and she finds herself thinking about how their lives would've turned out. Tiffany said, she is sure someone out there can give them closure, and she told us that person needs to put themselves in her family's shoes. How would you feel if this was your loved one? She knows that John terrified a lot of people, but he's gone now, right? He can't hurt anyone anymore. But Sarah, Kimberly and Linda's families have not been able to lay them to rest.


So If someone out there knows something or has any information about Sarah or Kimberly or Linda's case, you can contact the Dorchester County Sheriff's Office at 8 4 3 8 3 2 0 3 0 0. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com, and you can follow Us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with the brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck, to your proof


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a house. It's your home, the place that's filled with memories, the early days of figuring it out to the later years of still figuring it out for the place you've put down. Roots Trust, Amica Home Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy


At Strayer University. We help students like you go from will I? So why not? For over 130 years we've been innovating higher education to make it more affordable, accessible, and attainable so you can reach your goals. Go from thinking, can I to? Yes, I can. And keep striving. Visit strayer.edu to learn more. Strayer University is certified to operate in Virginia by Chauvin as many campuses, including at 2121 15th Street North in Arlington, Virginia.