
They say opposites attract. That's why Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want it Soft. You wanna sleep cooler, but they like to feel warm. Sleep number does all of that. I sleep at 75 and my husband now sleeps at 35. Two completely different beds, but we're right next to one another. JD Power ranks sleep number number one in customer satisfaction with mattresses purchased in store and now sleep number Smart beds starting at $999. Price is higher in Alaska and Hawaii. For JD Power 2023 award information. Visit jd power.com/awards only at Sleep Number store or Sleep Number dot com


with no fees or minimums. Banking with Capital One is the easiest decision in the history of decisions. Even easier than deciding to listen to another episode of your favorite podcast and with no overdraft fees, is it even a decision that's banking reimagined What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member ft IC


State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host Britt and today I'm writing Zow. The story I have for you today is one of a young woman whose disappearance leads to a nationwide search and a critical look into the shortcomings of the justice system. This is a story of Carolyn Killaby.


As Daniel Killby gets home the morning of Sunday, November 12th, 1995, he is kind of expecting his wife Carolyn to be inside waiting for him. A little pissed You. see, they'd gotten into a fight recently and instead of making it up to her by treating her to a nice romantic evening, he instead accepted an invite from his brother to go out, drink and play some pool, and he is just getting home. So he was literally out all night. But when he walks in, she's not there. She's not anywhere. No one is apparently not even their two young daughters from previous marriages. And honestly, he isn't totally surprised. He's probably thinking the girls are out, maybe Carolyn's giving him, you know, a taste of his own medicine for a little bit.


But what really drives this idea home is when he looks around and notices that the message he left for Carolyn at 1:00 AM on the answering machine, hasn't been listened to yet. He had called her to let her know that he'd be staying at his brother's house because he'd had a few beers and thought it'd probably be better if he stayed over. He was like, you know what? I'll see you in the morning. Kind of leaves it at that. So either Carolyn ignored it while she was home or she just wasn't home to hear it. But when Carolyn still isn't home by Sunday night, he starts to actually worry. According to an Unsolved Mysteries episode, Daniel decides to do his due diligence before taking any drastic measures and takes a look at Carolyn's personal phone book.


So we can dial up each of the numbers asking if anyone has seen her, but after hearing person after person on the other end of the phone say no, they have no idea where Carolyn could be. Daniel reports her missing around 11:00 PM that night. Now it seems like they at least take the report, but there's no record of exactly how soon law enforcement start looking for her. But I know that Daniel wastes zero time getting out there. The next morning, Monday, November 13th, he and his brother get in the car and start driving around hoping to find any sign of Carolyn. She has her own car, so they're just kind of driving around Vancouver, Washington. It's a city just north of Portland, Oregon, and they're stopping by places that they know she goes to.


Eventually they do find her car. It's in the parking lot of a nightclub called Omar's Steakhouse and Lounge. Now they end up going in and asking around about her. And I know they get some info then and there, but I don't know what they get versus what's ultimately given to detectives who jump in once they hear about the car being found. But what soon learned is that Carolyn had been there Saturday night and according to people who worked there and maybe even some patrons, they tracked down later. They say she looked like she'd been crying, but she kept to herself. And they also say that she was drinking heavily, which is concerning for Carolyn's family because they tell investigators that she started struggling with substance use when she was prescribed pain medications after a car wreck sometime back.


And obviously prescription meds and alcohol do not always mix well. Now, even though she'd been solo most of the night, that changed later in the evening. A witness tells detectives that they saw one of their regulars, a guy named Dennis Smith with her. At one point they said Carolyn seemed so intoxicated she couldn't really walk. So this Dennis Guy had helped her walk outside. The bouncer even encountered the two outside because Carolyn had forgot her purse. And when the bouncer ran it out to them, they said she seemed heavily intoxicated and still couldn't really walk on her own. And as soon as the words start spreading about her being missing, one of the employees said, they called Dennis up and was like, dude, you need to find police and talk to them because they're looking for the woman you were with the other night.


Now, I don't know if Dennis is the one who ends up calling detectives or if they like go find him, but either way they get with him pretty quick. And it seems like Dennis tells them that the only reason he was seen with Carolyn was because she was super intoxicated and he was helping her out to her car. She was bad enough that she couldn't stand up on her own, so he practically carried her out to the parking lot. Now I don't know why he's walking her to her own car to drive if she can't even stand on her own, but that's just what he's telling detectives. But what's even more weird is that he also tells detectives that as he was helping Carolyn, apparently some random guy came up to them and quite literally hit him with a stick called Carolyn a bitch and ran off with her.


And if you're thinking what the, why didn't he call police then? Dude, same. I have no idea. Dennis just flat out left after that. Maybe because he had no idea what was going on or with not knowing whether this was some kind of domestic dispute or not. Maybe he just didn't wanna get involved. But you'd think that if she left with someone forcibly or not, and she was okay, she would've come back for her car. But when investigators look at it, there doesn't appear to be any signs that has been touched by her or anyone else since she drove it there. Saturday night detectives seem to be keeping their options open, apparently not ready to go full force on this dentist story. And throughout all this, Daniel is just trying to stay positive.


He tells the press that he's holding out hope that Carolyn May have just had a come to Jesus moment and decided to check herself into rehab. And maybe that's the reason she hasn't called. But with each day that passes, both detectives and Danielle think this theory is less and less likely. Now, thankfully, their daughters who weren't home when Daniel got back Sunday, they're safe and sound. There's no reporting about who had them when Carolyn went out. But the important part is that they're home now. Just probably scared 'cause their mom is gone and no one seems to have a clue as to where she could be on Thursday. Five days after Carolyn was last seen detectives set out on a massive search of the area where she went missing from reporting from John.


Branton says there's over 50 people helping, including volunteers, family members, coworkers and sheriff's deputies. They also work in part with Silver Star Search and Rescue and Mountain Wilderness Search Dogs to investigate around Omar's and in the general area that Carolyn and Daniel lived in. But they find nothing, not in the area, not at her and Daniel's house. And after the search detectives aren't sure if Carolyn went missing on her own free will or if she's actually a victim of foul play in hopes of generating some kind of tip or lead. Carolyn's sister and her husband offer a $10,000 reward for anyone with information about Carolyn's whereabouts or who could have hurt her.


Now what they do next, I've seen agencies do when a crime happens and there's no immediate resolution, they'll pull up crime reports from around the same time, same like general area ish to see what else was going on. Well, in doing this, they find not one but two reports from people who claim that before midnight on November 11th, a woman's screams were heard coming from a field in five corners, like five minutes from Omar's. And specifically they were screams for help. Both reports said the screams were loud and distinct, and whoever it was sounded panicked. Reports by Bruce Westfall state that one caller said he heard the women scream, oh my God, somebody help me.


And while police did respond to the area, they unfortunately didn't find anything and decided to leave around this same time. Detectives have also been canvassing the Five Corners slash Orchards neighborhoods in Vancouver, and they find a convenience store clerk who remembered that. Sometime in the early morning of November 12th, a man came into the store and had what looked like blood smears on his shirt and his hand was wrapped in a bloody rack. And even better, the clerk knew exactly who it was. Dennis freaking Smith. It's clear that Carolyn didn't disappear on her own free will and Dennis is clearly hiding something because he didn't mention anything to them about being bloody or going to that convenience store when they talk to him.


But it turns out there was a lot he didn't tell them.


Your furniture helps make your house a home, so you should treat it like part of the family. The high performance fabric from the Ashley store is the perfect way to show your sofa and recliner some love. It is stain resistant wear and tear proof and treated with UV protection to keep colors from fading in the sun. I got these massive blue chairs for one of the apartments at the audiochuck office. And I am obsessed. Two could cozy up in this thing. One would fit perfectly into an apartment as an accent piece. And two chairs can hold their own in a grand room of a house. And the fabric cushion covers are removable, washable, and quick drying, making it easier to clean and maintain your beautiful furniture even when it feels like your kids and pets are trying to constantly destroy it like mine. So when spills dirt, muddy paws, or sticky little fingers make a mess. Don't stress. The Ashley Store's High Performance Fabric has your back shop in store or online@ashley.com.


Ashley, for the Love of Home, brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X card. What's in your wallet terms, apply lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Now, as investigators are learning about Dennis's little trip to that convenience store, they get a call from Daniel who tells them that he just spoke to someone who's on article about Carolyn's disappearance. And the article mentioned her being with a Dennis, no last name, just Dennis. But this person was afraid they knew exactly which Dennis, it was because his uncle Dennis Smith was bad news. His uncle Dennis Smith had murdered his mom. And thank God for that person who called Daniel because up to that point, it seems like police still hadn't looked into Dennis's background. But when they do, what they find is shocking. Dennis is a convicted murderer.


In 1982, he murdered his sister because he didn't want her to accuse him of doing something bad that get his parole revoked. but he'd been found out, convicted and sentenced to life in prison for that crime. However, I know what you're thinking, I just said life in prison. The most outlandish part of this is that he actually got out on parole twice it seems, 'cause he was let out in June of 1993, but went back to prison in December of 1994 for violating parole. Then was let out again in March of 1995, and apparently he's been living in Vancouver ever since.


So they bring Dennis in and ask him to tell them about his version of events from the night. Caroline went missing one more time, and he changes his story a little. He tells detectives that he was concerned because that night Carolyn was dancing with multiple men and apparently that would rile the guys up and could cause a fight. So he told the bouncer around 11:00 PM to keep an eye on Carolyn just in case. Now this time around, he says when she was on her way out, he didn't just help her to her car, he actually offered to give her a ride home. Since she seemed so intoxicated, she agreed and got in his truck. And oh, by the way, left this out the first time around we also had sex in my truck, which I'm sorry.


No. Oh, and the mystery guy is still in this version. He says that 45 minutes later is when that mysterious man came up to the truck, grabbed Carolyn outta the cab by the hair. But this time he says that while the guy tried to hit him, he may have blocked it somehow, but the dude still called Carolyn a bitch and ran away with her. Then Dennis got in his truck and drove away. And all of this was happening in the parking lot of a nightclub, or at least I'm pretty sure a few sources say. He told them that he was leaving the parking lot when she leaned over and kissed him and that's when he stopped the truck. But in this version he's still like, you know, I just had sex with her. I don't wanna get involved in whatever it was with that other guy.


It's not my problem. But then Dennis says something interesting, he says, on Sunday afternoon he went back to Omar's for some kind of party with the employees, which was where and when he learned about Carolyn's disappearance. But remember, her husband doesn't even think she's missing at that point yet. He doesn't start to get worried until later that night. So detectives questioned Dennis at the station and first and foremost, they're obviously trying to figure out who this alleged guy from both of Dennis's versions of his story was. So they asked Dennis if he's able to identify the man who took Carolyn away and he said, yeah, I can do that. And when they show him a photo lineup of men, Dennis immediately points to Daniel Carolyn's husband.


And while this could come as a huge shock, detectives take it honestly with like a grain of salt because this is about five days after Carolyn disappeared. And Daniel's face had been in the news since she went missing. And it seemed like they ruled out Daniel pretty quickly, like pretty early on. But it's not entirely clear as to how from the reporting on this case. So next investigators take a look at Dennis's truck and one of the first things they notice is a big burn hole in the middle of the bench seat. And he tries to play it off like it's some kind of like cigarette burn, but you guys, it's legitimately a basketball sized hole. You can see a photo of it in the Crime Junkie Fan club app.


If, you're listening there or you can check it out on our blog online for this episode. So investigators schedule a time the next day for Dennis to bring in his truck to be examined by crime technicians. And Dennis agrees. I'm not sure why they don't just check it out right then and there, but it's possible that like they didn't have a warrant. So their only option was to let him walk and hope he comes back voluntarily. But this is all pretty risky, especially knowing that detectives have already talked to the bouncer at Omar's, someone who is familiar with Dennis, and they paint the picture a bit differently than Dennis. They say Dennis came up to them Sunday and said, I told you that woman was gonna be in trouble. And another acquaintance of Dennis said when they looked in his truck on Sunday, they remember looking untouched, no quote unquote cigarette burn and certainly no burn hole the size of a basketball.


They said it looked fine and the people at Omar's weren't the only ones to comment on the state of Dennis's truck. Two other acquaintances of his noticed that a few days after Carolyn's disappearance, his truck had suddenly looked different. The inside had been fully wiped down with Pinesol. And Dennis had told a friend that he needed to wash the outside of his truck before turning it into the police because it was covered in mud and didn't want investigators aware that quote he'd been off road with the truck. But surprise, surprise, the next day when Dennis is supposed to show up with his truck, he is a no-show, but they find him when Dennis ends up getting stopped by officials for failing to come in for the inspection.


And when they bring the truck in, it looks drastically different from what they saw the day before. Like all the carpeting and upholstery looks like it had been torn out and removed, which Dennis defends by saying that the smell of the burnt seat bothered him so much that he had to rip everything out and he just threw it in a dumpster somewhere in Portland. When they ask him about how the hole really happened, he tells detective the burn started with the tip of a cigarette, which like again lies, this burn is massive. So they impound Dennis's truck to buy them some time, but before they let him leave, they also take a blood sample from him and they take his watch to see if they can collect any DNA from it, which they do. And they're able to find a small trace of blood on the band.


And everyone is hoping it will be helpful to have down the line once forensics gets a better look at Dennis' truck, they find a small spot of blood on the steering wheel that they collect as well as bloodstains on the passenger door panel. The driver door's handle the dash and the lining at the top of the cabin, all of which they send off for analysis. But they do have to let him walk at least until they have something more concrete as they wait for the forensic results. They keep looking into Dennis's past and they keep trying to bring him back for more interviews and every time they learn something new, which there's a lot to learn about this guy, dude was a little notorious for going to prison, getting out on parole, and then committing more crimes while out on parole.


In some cases, violent crimes. I mean he was already on parole at the time he murdered his sister and on parole when Carolyn goes missing. But here's the thing, even though they wanna have some more chats with him, they can't pin this guy down. They can't even get him to come in anymore. In my mind I'm like, oh dude's, all the writing on the wall, he bolted. But reporting for the Colombian says that lead Detective Buckner thinks he's still in the area. They're just quote playing phone tag with him. And none of the reporting at this point has them publicly calling Dennis a suspect or even a person of interest, yet they just wanna talk to him some more. So pick up your phone, Dennis, but months go by without them being able to make contact. And detectives start to fear that Dennis Dennis is in the wind.


He's not checking in with his parole officer either. And by December of 1995, there's an arrest warrant issued for him for investigation of parole violation. But those responsible for Carolyn's case can't go all bounty under on the sky. They have to keep their focus on Carolyn and the search for her and specifically her remains. It's been over two months since Carolyn was last seen and more reporting from John Branton states searchers and dogs have been out to Clark County at least 10 times looking for Carolyn's body, but they aren't finding anything. And it's in these months of searching that investigators finally get the results on that quote unquote cigarette burn from Dennis's truck. And drum roll please.


According to a forensic files episode on the case, arson experts find hydrocarbons in the remaining burnt foam from the bench seat. 'cause remember due tore everything out. But since hydrocarbons are typically found in accelerants, they conclude that the fire was intentionally set. And in July of 1996, the DNA results come back for the bloodstains from Dennis's truck and watch. And those small samples of blood are consistent with Carolyn even without a body. Eight months after Carolyn goes missing, they charge Dennis Smith with Carolyn's murder and finally they go get him. Or at least they try to, they activate a full throttle search for Dennis that lasts throughout the rest of 1996.


We're talking a nationwide hunt. According to the Colombian, they've been contacting every police agency in the US and the FBI gets involved issuing a federal warrant for his arrest since he's considered a fugitive. But then on February 4th, 1997, Washington investigators learn about an almost deadly encounter in news Smyrna, Florida with none other than Dennis Smith.


Every 26 seconds a home in the US is burglarized. To avoid being the victim of crime, you need to get prepared with simply safe home security, with fast protect monitoring and live guard protection, simply safe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel anytime. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than a dollar a day with no hidden fees ever, it's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Wanna know what I absolutely love about SimpliSafe? I mean, honestly, where to start? The easy setup for one, I set up our system in three different homes. Now, And I think the longest it's ever taken me was like 27 minutes. I literally timed it 'cause it was so fast, so easy. And then the comprehensive coverage, I mean the window sensors, the entry sensors, the indoor and outdoor cameras, literally the whole home is protected. And of course, the incredible peace of mind. Everything from SimpliSafe gives me truly what's not to love. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ Crime Junkie. That's simplisafe.com/ Crime Junkie. There's no safe, like Simply Safe.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. I've heard it before. Comparison is the thief of joy and it's so easy to envy other people's lives. Personally, I catch myself doing it almost every day, especially when I'm scrolling on my phone. Just seeing everyone's lives through the pictures and videos they post. It really does feel and look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but I have to remember, in reality, they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have, so you can start living you best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just. fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime. Junkie today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ Crime. Junkie


investigators on Carolyn's case learned that Dennis had gotten pulled over for car theft, but resisted arrest and grabbed one of the cops flashlights to hit the officer with it. And then as he tried to grab for their gun a second officer shot him. So right now Dennis is in critical condition and Florida PD only learned Dennis was a fugitive when they transported him to the hospital, put his fingerprints into Florida's automated finger identification system, and boop, there he was. So they notified Washington police, but this is what's wild. The reason he even got pulled over or was in that position at all was because of that unsolved Mysteries episode I mentioned at the top that was airing.


Dennis was quite literally watching the segment with his friends when it aired. The episode actually named him as a suspect and blatantly displayed his photo saying he'd been charged with Carolyn's murder. So you know, as one in hiding may do, Dennis becomes completely distraught. Dude loses it at this time. He's going by David Sanborn. And when he saw this episode, he told the couple he was hanging out with that he was only wanted out of state for not paying child support in Michigan. And then he immediately left their house and stole their car. The couple reports him, and that's what led new Smyrna Police Department to track him down.


Later an article published in the Columbian credits, unsolved Mysteries for Dennis's capture, but police kind of dispute it and say they hadn't even had time to look into the tips from the show before their arrest. But regardless, this episode really set things in motion. Now after getting shot, Dennis is in the hospital, the Colombian reports he's in serious but stable condition and at least conscious enough to be served with the arrest warrant in Washington. He's facing charges for murder, suspicion of parole violation and unlawful flight to avoid arrest in Clark County. And then back in Florida, he's facing charges for auto theft, resisting arrest with and without violence, eluding police and battery on an officer.


The newly detective on Carolyn's case, Joel Lebo flies to Florida from Washington to interview Dennis in person. And he's hopeful that Dennis will finally reveal where Carolyn's remains are. But dude's lips are sealed because Dennis is still very much waving the innocence flag. Yet while they're waiting for Dennis to face charges back in Washington, Carolyn's family does get a little bit of a version of closure. In late February, they finally get Carolyn's death certificate issued, which is actually really hard to do with no body cases like hers. But once detectives had enough information to charge Dennis with murder and serve the warrant, the judge finally had enough reason to believe that Carolyn was murdered on November 11th or 12th of 1995.


Dennis is extradited back to Washington in March 97 and pleads not guilty of his charges of first degree murder. And by April of 1998, his defense is there's nobody body and no proof he killed Carolyn. And his defense team wants to point the finger back at Daniel, even though detectives ruled him out super early on while waiting for trial, the prosecution tries to cut Dennis a deal and lighten his sentence. If he tells them where he left Carolyn, he refuses. And his trial begins April 29th, 1998. But this trial, it's not without its own twists according to the Colombian right before the trial starts, the judge rules that the defense can't name Daniel as a suspect because there isn't enough tying him to the crime.


And the prosecution can't bring up Dennis's prior murder conviction of his sister because it will be quote too prejudicial to the defendant. And for the first time in a criminal trial in the state of Washington, prosecutors submit evidence of mitochondrial DNA. This is only the sixth time this type of DNA has been used in cases in the US like total prosecutors use the mitochondrial DNA to support the claims that the very small amounts of blood on Dennis's watch and in his truck do in fact match Carolyn's DNA. And although in 98 this type of DNA testing is incredibly new and less exact than it is now, it's still a great piece of additional evidence because in addition to the samples they got from Carolyn's mom and daughter, they also discovered letters that had allegedly been sealed and mailed by Carolyn prior to her disappearance, but still had DNA on it from her saliva residue.


So they sent that mail off to a California DNA testing lab and it was found that her DNA genotypes only appear in one of every 195,000 Caucasians. And that made them confident that it was Carolyn's DNA. Now, the defense claims the consensual sex Carolyn and Dennis allegedly had could have been the reason for her blood to be on the watch and in the trucks since it was such a small amount. But of course the prosecution isn't buying that During the trial, prosecutors also introduced statements from a former inmate that Dennis talked to in either 94 or 95. Most sources claimed January of 95.


But regardless, they were discussing Dennis's sister's murder and he brought up what he would do if he ever killed again. He told this guy that he would hide the body by planting a tree over top it to make sure the ground isn't obviously disturbed. And he said he'd get rid of any remaining evidence with a fire. So Q, looking for every newly planted tree in all the areas they were searching before And I also have to assume they followed this lead. But even today, Carolyn's remains have never been found. And then as I'm sure you'd expect, the defense still leans into the hole. The husband did it angle and blames Daniel for Carolyn's murder even though the judge tells them not to bring it up.


The defense still mentions the fight that Daniel and Carolyn had before she disappeared and that Carolyn was allegedly talking about divorce with her friends. And when the defense brings up Daniel, the prosecution tries to claim mistrial, but the judge has a change of mind at some point and lets the defense argument stand. But in turn, the prosecution is allowed to lay out Dennis's prior conviction to which later on the defense will also try to claim mistrial. But again, it gets overturned so both sides actually get to lay every single bit of info that they have out there. Now to back up the defense's, Daniel point, they say search and rescue dogs tracked Carolyn's sent from Omar's to her house and hit on a death scent in the back of Daniel's truck.


And to top it all off, they say he was going to pay his brother $10,000 for being his alibi Once Carolyn's life insurance money came through. But as far as I can tell, no evidence was ever presented in court that he did just that he was going to. But full disclosure, I don't have the actual court transcript, so I honestly don't even know how all of that gets introduced. And it turns out the prosecution has some more details on how Daniel was cleared at the beginning. Initially Daniel offered to take a polygraph test and passed then his alibi going out for a night of drinking with his brother, was verified with the bartender who worked that night. And even though Dennis claimed Daniel was the person who attacked him and took Carolyn that night, acquaintances of Dennis say he initially told them the attack happened so fast that he didn't know who was responsible and he only identified Daniel after likely seeing his face on the news.


The jury must have found it not to be credible either, because in the end, Dennis is convicted of aggravated first degree murder on May 12th, 1998. They also find him guilty of attempting to conceal the crime, kidnapping and rape in connection with Carolyn's murder. And he sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. And speaking of parole, this man should not have been allowed on parole after murdering his sister while on parole. And what even further approves this in case anyone is on the fence for whatever reason. During his second parole, Dennis actually failed one of his drug tests. And so he went back in front of a parole board and his parole officer legit told the board that Dennis needed to be back in prison because his predisposition to murder made him an extreme risk to society.


But for honestly unknown reasons, the parole board sentenced him to just 51 days in jail and then let him out, which was only nine months before Carolyn went missing. Carolyn's death might have been prevented if they'd done their due diligence. Each time Dennis violated his parole, he was just given another chance to do it again. So in 1999, Carolyn's family files a lawsuit against the state for their gross negligence in their supervision of Dennis in a prison legal news article, the person representing Carolyn's family in the lawsuit claims Dennis was on an unassigned caseload during the three months of his supposed parole supervision before he murdered Carolyn.


And the Department of Corrections was even notified by Dennis' wife that he was dangerous and had violated his parole at least 25 times before Carolyn's murder and they did nothing. So yeah, they really dropped the ball on this one. And it shows the importance of the sole purpose of the parole board to know when and if someone would positively contribute to society. And if they meet certain criteria, only then can they serve part of their sentence out in the public with supervision and certain conditions, all that. Now, after some time in prison, Dennis tries to strike a deal. He tells detectives that he'll tell them where Carolyn's body is if they give him $10,000 in cash and some Taco Bell burritos, listen, Ashley And, I love us some Taco Bell, but every time I think I've heard it all, something else comes up, this is bonkers.


Obviously they don't agree to his terms and without a deal, without those burritos, he's not gonna tell 'em where her remains are, at least not. Then in June of 2004, Dennis says, alright, I'll take you no Taco Bell required. Just gimme a ride, I'll show you. And he leads the detectives to a spot where he thinks he left her body and it's over on Large Mountain, about an hour northeast of Vancouver, but they don't find anything. Though it is worth noting that a couple of years before this, in 2001, a human skull was found in a neighboring county and Carolyn was one of three potential victims. The other two were Heather Guy, a 29-year-old who disappeared in 1983 and Kimberly Ey a high school student from 1987.


Kimberly was ruled out first and while Carolyn wasn't ruled out at the time or any time that I can find her sister doesn't think it belongs to Carolyn. She claims a detective told her he didn't think the skull was Carolyn's because there wasn't any of the extensive dental work present that Carolyn had had. And that was the last time Dennis would offer to help locate Carolyn's remains because in November of 2004, Dennis died by suicide in his prison cell. Interestingly, it's reported that he died shortly after police came to talk to him about an unsolved murder in Texas. Though there's no additional details about who that victim could be at this time, Dennis's mom also maintains his innocence and Carolyn's remains have still never been found.


Even with justice served against Dennis, there's still the pain for her family of not knowing where she is. In 2004, Daniel moved to Lyndale, Texas to get closer to family, including his two daughters reporting by Stephanie. Rice says her family has chosen to honor Carolyn by putting up a memorial marker for her in the Lincoln Memorial Park and funeral home in Portland. And Daniel makes a white cross on a tree at Large Mountain. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com, and you can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie podcast.


We'll be back next week with a brand new episode. Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production.


So what do you think, Chuck, do you approve?


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average. Compared to other leading commerce platforms, Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/podcast free. All lowercase shopify.com/podcast free shopify.com/podcast free.


Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here, creator and host of the top true crime shows Crime Junkie and The Deck. Now, you may be used to hearing my voice every week, but you can now watch some of these stories and more unfold on the Crime Junkie YouTube channel, more True Crime content, more Best Friend content. You'll find bonus Crime Junkie content plus full episodes of Crime Junkie af. And you can even check out our full length episode of the deck because the case I needed you to see is one that you need to truly do more than just listen to. So if video podcasts are something you enjoy or you're looking to add even more Crime Junkie content into your routine, be sure to go check out our channel and subscribe to Crime Junkie podcast on YouTube.