
Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member


FDIC.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. It's back to school season and kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we lose that curiosity. Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime Junkie today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp dot com


slash Crime. Junkie


Sweater. Weather is over and sweaty. Weather has begun made with premium extra long Staple cotton Bombas socks are key to feeling light on your feet this summer, I kind of feel like Goldilocks with my socks like too thin is no good. Too thick. Half my shoes don't fit well. Bombas socks are just right for all activities and lounging around the house. And when you buy a pair of Bombas socks, they give a pair to someone in need ready to get comfy and give back. Head over to bombas dot com slash Crime Junkie and use code Crime Junkie for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A-S dot com slash Crime Junkie and use code Crime


Junkie at checkout Hi Crime junkies Britt here. And before we jump into today's episode, I wanted to make sure you guys heard the news this summer. We're celebrating the fifth year anniversary of the Crime Junkie app. So of course we're doing something pretty big. As a reminder, our Crime Junkie app is the home for our fan club members where they get all the same episodes as you do ad free. And in addition, we release monthly bonus content to all of our members. So in celebration of our anniversary, we are unlocking the vault through July and August and releasing to you all an exclusive episode from the fan club. And the best part is we've already started, but you wouldn't know that if you haven't hit the follow button.


So friendly reminder that in order to be notified about any and all surprise drops, you gotta hit the follow button. But you guys, this isn't all right now. If you sign up for the fan club directly through our website, you can use code free summer to join whatever tier you want for free for the rest of July and August. So we hope to see you there. But first of course, here is your regularly scheduled Monday episode. Hi Crime junkies. I'm Ashley Flowers And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today might be new to a lot of you, but I know it's one that our Irish crime junkies would probably recognize from a mile away because it is one of the most notorious and mysterious missing person cases in Irish history.


This is the story of Trevor Deley. The evening of Thursday, December 7th, 2000 is a dreadful one in Dublin, Ireland.


It's chilly and windy and it is raining so hard that flood alerts are issued for the city's waterways. It's the kind of weather that makes you wanna cancel all your plans and curl up under a warm blanket, take a rain check literally. But for the employees of Bank of Ireland asset management, that's not really an option. Tonight is the office holiday dinner and not showing up would be a bad look. And besides they've been looking forward to it. So there's this group that decides to make the most of the night weather be damned and they meet up at a bar before dinner for a pint or two drinks are at a downtown Dublin bar called Copper Face. Jacks a short 10 minute walk from the Hilton Hotel where the company party is.


And as much as I am sure they would all love to avoid the terrible weather and catch a cab, that's not gonna happen. The taxi drivers of Dublin are on strike right now. But weather aside, everyone is having a great time. They're having drinks, they go to the company dinner, the party keeps going long after the dinner ends and at least some of them hang around the hotel until like two 15 in the morning. And even then, some of what I can only imagine are the more youthful among them aren't ready to call it a night. So they head to a club called Buck Whaleys for more drinks. This is A Thursday night. Do they not have to work in the morning? No, They definitely do. But if I'm right about the group being on the younger side, sleep is like it's optional at that age.


And hangovers hit very different. The older I get, the more it seems like it's like a superpower or something like the way 20 somethings can just jump back. I know I used to be able to do it at one point. I don't remember. You Guys gotta use your powers for good. I know. I mean, nothing positive ever comes from hitting up that one last Bar. Yeah, youth is wasted on the young you guys. Oh, nothing so true. Nothing good happens after midnight. Just go home, go to bed. Very, Very true. But anyways, so three 30 approaches and even the stragglers decide to call it a night. Although decide, you know, might not be the right word. I think it's probably last call by that point. Mm. You Don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. You are aging us. Half of our crime junkies don't know that that's a song from like the best generation, the nineties.


Anyways, whatever the reason they all say their goodbyes, they go their separate ways, hope to catch maybe a few hours of sleep before they have to work literally in a couple of hours. So fast forward those few short hours when everyone rolls back into work, the IT team notices that they have a no-show, 22-year-old Trevor Deley. But you just heard about the night before, no one's especially concerned, they're not even mad. Even his supervisor Dara, Tracy is ready to give him a pass. I mean he wasn't even like the only no-show in the office that day. And it's safe to assume that even the people that made it to work are probably like riding the struggle bus. So Dara's like, listen, I'll have a chat with Trevor about it on Monday, but he's good.


He's a reliable employee. It's not like this is a pattern for him. So the thought is let's like cut this kid a break. We'll start fresh on Monday. But that's the thing when Monday morning rolls around, Trevor's a no-show again. And now they're worried, especially when Dara asks around and realizes that no one spoke to him all weekend. The most concerning part is that a few of them had tried to reach him but he didn't answer or return their calls. So as word about Trevor makes its way around the office, a colleague from the IT department named Carl Pender says that he actually saw Trevor that Thursday night or technically Friday morning after everyone left the last bar.


You see, Carl hadn't participated in the holiday festivities because the IT department always kept at least one person working the overnight shift. And that night the lucky one was Carl. According to reporting by RTA Boland for the Irish times, Carl was a little surprised when Trevor showed up at the office at around 3:30 AM like soaking wet. And sure Carl could tell that Trevor had enjoyed the evening, but he didn't seem like super drunk or anything. According to what Bolen told Irish Times quote, I wouldn't consider him as drunk. I'd probably say I'd seen him worse on other nights End quote. Carl says that when he got there, Trevor jumped on his computer probably to like check his email, although Carl couldn't say that for sure.


And then the two hung out for a little bit over some coffee and tea. But Carl had to get back to work. So Trevor grabbed an umbrella and he was on his way by about 4:00 AM and Carl says when he left everything seemed totally fine. Trevor was his normal cheerful self, which like all this is good to know, but at this point it's not making Trevor's boss feel much better. So he sounds the alarm to hr and between 10 and 10 30 that morning they make a call to Trevor's mom Anne and tell her the words that every parent prays. They never hear her 22-year-old son, the youngest of four deley siblings is missing.


Anne calls her husband Michael and tells him to drop whatever he's doing right now to go see what he can figure out. At Trevor's apartment, they're doing their best not to panic yet, but when Michael rings Trevor's doorbell and there's no response, all attempts to remain calm are out the window. Michael doesn't have a key so he can't let himself in. And he's quoted in the Irish time saying, my head began to buzz. Eventually when it started to dawn on me, could he be missing? I was getting more and more concerned thinking, is this going to be our situation? Is Trevor a missing person?


Now, Homes that don't have a security system are 300% more likely to be burglarized. Can you believe it? 300%. That is a bonkers number. To avoid being the victim of crime, you absolutely need to get prepared. With SimpliSafe home security, we've had our SimpliSafe system for like literally six years now and I can't imagine hearing that statistic and not having Simis safe's. Comprehensive whole home protection, keeping my home and family secure. 24 7 plus With, fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection. SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel anytime. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than $1 per day with no hidden fees ever. It's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. I've done it in our last three places and it truly is so easy. Or you can choose professional installation and have a pro do it for you. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime. Junkie. There's no


safe like


SimpliSafe Drunk Elephant c Luma serum is your secret weapon for great skin. It's a unique 10% vitamin C serum that brightens, clarifies and hydrate skin revealing unnoticeable more even and luminous complexion. Vitamin C is a key ingredient of Drunk Elephant C Luma Hyr serum because it reduces blemishes, fades, hyper pigment and redness and improve skin clarity Plus triple antioxidant brightening complex brightens and reduces post breakout marks. The serum is gentle for all skin, even the most sensitive and applies smooth, not sticky. Use it both day and night. Discover Drunk Elephant C Luma hyalite serum at Drunk Elephant dot


com. Even before Michael calls Anne back to tell her what he's finding in Dublin. Anne is already well on her way to panicking for her own reasons. She's been calling Trevor's friend but call by call, none of them have talked to him in days. Same goes for his older sister Michelle, who says she actually tried to reach him all weekend. She'd called multiple times and never got an answer or a callback, which was no big deal at the time. Like whose calls can you ignore if not your siblings, but in this new light it hits completely different. Of course that was too many calls he would have answered. What if I had been more worried?


What if I told mom and dad, what if? What if? What if? Was his phone ringing through when Michelle called or was it going straight to voicemail? So This is what's weird. So we know his phone dies at some point, but the reporting is super inconsistent on when exactly that happens. It's reported as being anywhere from the same morning that he went missing to 10 full days later. Now Michelle says that she thinks the phone rang all weekend, but she can't be sure. And I think she's probably right because the coworkers who try and get ahold of him Monday morning don't say anything about his phone being dead or going straight to voicemail or at least that part hasn't been reported like from his coworkers.


So at this point, everyone who knows Trevor is learning about his disappearance and they're all coming to help look for him. His older brother Mark lives on the opposite coast in Castle Bar with his wife who's three months pregnant with their first child. When Anne reaches out to him that morning, he cancels his whole workday and starts driving, never imagining that it'll be months before he returns home. Trevor's childhood friends were also eager to do anything to help. And actually one of them, a close friend named Glen has a little more to offer the dealies around Trevor's timeline that morning he went missing. You see he woke up on Friday morning to a voicemail from Trevor, which had been left at around 4:05 AM So like right after Trevor would have left his office, Glen says that he had been out on the town Thursday night with another friend of theirs and he and Trevor were kind of playing phone tag all night, never fully touching base.


And when Glen got home he went to bed and he did something that would come to haunt him instead of keeping his phone next to him on the nightstand while he slept ringer on, he left it charging in the kitchen. And whatever happened to Trevor had to have happened after 4 0 5 when he left that voicemail because Glen said the voicemail he got was so completely normal, just like a sorry I missed you kind of message. And it was so normal that Glen deleted it as soon as he heard it, having no idea at that point that anything was wrong. And then there is just nothing after that. They can't find anyone who saw or spoke to Trevor after he left the office. After he left that voicemail, Trevor's brother Mark tries to retrace Trevor's steps.


Literally. I mean he decides to walk the routes that Trevor might have taken that night starting at Copper face. Jacks finding a whole lot of nothing there. He sets off in the direction of Trevor's apartment. He tells Rita Boland that he's checking side streets and alleys, even dumpsters and trash cans. And he said like there's this weird moment where like it didn't occur to him till way later that it was probably a body he was looking for that day, but he wasn't gonna find anything. That's what a security guard posted out front of the American embassy tells him as he's searching high and low, this guy must have noticed how hard Mark was looking for something, not realizing he was looking for a someone, but the guard tells him that he's wasting his time.


Anything findable has already been found. How does he know that if he doesn't even know what Mark's looking for? Well, listen, I know the timing of this is a little wild because of what is currently happening on our side of the pond, but Dublin at the time is about to be graced with a visit from President Bill Clinton. So the assumption is, is that if there was anything to be found between local police and the president's secret service that they would've been good enough to find it. So wherever Trevor is in whatever condition, it's likely not in downtown Dublin. Hour by hour the day passes without any sign of Trevor. And as evening approaches, the Dealies are forced to confront the awful reality.


This probably isn't just some terrible misunderstanding that they'll all be able to laugh about later. So that's when his dad, Michael goes to the Garda station in their town of NACE to report his son missing. The Garda, by the way, are the Garda Shia Ireland's national police force. Now it's not clear what the Garda does that evening, but the next morning, the morning of December 12th, they are out in force. They've even got their sub aqua team, which is what they call their dive team. They're searching the city's waterways. Why The water? I don't think there's a specific reason related to Trevor, but I mean it wouldn't be the first time something like that had happened there. The Sunday independent reports that just about a month earlier, there was a young man's body that was found in the water two days after he disappeared during a night out.


And I mean unfortunately we know that this is something that happens more often than you would expect or more often than people who aren't crime junkies might expect. Right? I was gonna say, it happens often enough here that some people even attribute it to a potential serial killer, the smiley face killer, Right? Where young men are just they, they go out, they show up in a waterway. The, it turns out the UK has its own version of the smiley face killer who the people call the pusher. So even though there's nothing at least that they've said that specifically points them to the water, it's just like we should probably check. 'cause we've seen this before. Right now, from what I can tell, there are three main bodies of water in and around Dublin that investigators think deserve special attention. The river daughter, the Grand Canal, and the Grand Canal basin.


And while the river daughter and the Grand Canal are easy searches, the Grand Canal basin is a whole nother story. In the same reporting I mentioned earlier by Rita Boland, detective Sergeant Michael Fitzgerald says quote, they can look at the Grand Canal basin, but they can never drain it because the buildings around it would fall in what they did. Have a look at it anyway, as far as you can look at it, but you'd like to be able to drain it. God only knows what's down there. End quote. Now none of this is to say that they're exclusively focusing on the water though Clinton's secret service aside, they still canvas the area, they still go house to house, taking statements, looking for witnesses.


But just based on how common that outcome seems to be, the possibility that Trevor somehow went into the water and drowned could be legit at this point, Are these waterways like especially easy to fall into or something? Well, this is where investigators start to lose me because there's only one place that it seems possible. And the theory is that the wind had somehow lifted Trevor up by his umbrella and carried him over the bridge's barriers, which aren't particularly low by the way. And listen, I get it. Like the weather was wild that night. I mean, Rita Boland said that the forecast said there was gonna be super high winds in the area after midnight.


Okay, But they're saying that he got Mary Poppins into the water Y Yeah. And it's not even just like a few inches off the ground that he would need to go. As the Sunday independent reports quote, the footpath is so wide and the parapet is so high, it would be most unlikely that a young man of Trevor's stature would be lifted up and thrown over. End quote. Right? So like I'm thinking the wind, the umbrella, like being blown over into a ditch seems possible. And Also like, I don't know what this steel umbrella is, but like if the wind is be like my umbrella is just like folding on themselves. Am I making that up? Yeah. And like it feels so I can't think of another word other than like cartoonish.


I know. Can you imagine this wind like blowing up the umbrella that like you said, doesn't get destroyed by wind lifts up a human man across the street and over like a a parapet, which sounds like a freaking bridge across the castle. A guardrail. I don't know. Yeah, I'd like it. It makes no sense to me, but I feel like I have to be missing something the way that they put this forward. Like it's plausible. So again, this is where they lost me and not for nothing but the fact that his phone was possibly still ringing days later. To me that puts a giant wrench into the Mary Poppins theory because yeah, like wouldn't it have stopped ringing if it was in the water? I had a cell phone, maybe not in 2000, but like early two thousands, the early aughts if you will, like those things would die at the thought of water.


You know what I mean? If you like cried too hard, they stopped working. That's a little dramatic. But yes, I have cried too hard in my phone and it was fine. So are they even considering anything more nefarious than an accident? Like what do they know at this point about Trevor's life? Like what was he into? Who was he involved with anything there? Well They're turning to the family to get all of that and there is something that stands out as kind of like an outlier in his life. Something out of the normal from his usual routine. That's always the stuff that you look at, right? Well apparently Trevor went on this international trip that he had just gotten back from a few days before he disappeared and this was a trip that he booked on an impulse and went on completely alone to a destination where he wasn't exactly welcome.


How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every month? The answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions that they've forgotten about. Thanks to Rocket Money you can stop wasting money on the ones that you've forgotten about. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. You can even see all of your subscriptions in one place. And if you see something you don't want Rocket Money can help you cancel it with a few taps. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's features.


Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Crime Junkie. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Crime. Junkie Rocket Money dot com slash Crime. Junkie, There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you whether you're going on a weekend getaway or a dream vacation to Italy. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I'm actually leaving for France here in a couple of days, ULA LA and you better believe I'm gonna be making use of that wifi to make the most of my long flight and keep working so I'm not drowning in stuff when I get back.


Plus, you're covered with five gigabytes of high-speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. So when you land, you can get fast and easy directions to your hotel or scope out restaurant reservations to sample the local cuisine. And thanks to T-Mobile, when your trip is done, you can return your dollar rental car without refueling. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US airlines, additional terms and conditions apply.


So at the time this is happening, Glen, that friend of Trevor's who got the voicemail that night, they're pretty close and Glen is a flight attendant meaning that he could get flights on the cheap including for a few designated family members and friends and Trevor was one of them. So when they were out one night, like random night, they were talking about this girl that Trevor had a crush on and Glen was like, I bet you're two chicken to go see her in Anchorage, Alaska. And I guess Trevor is basically like challenge accepted, right? Like You're gonna help me pay for it with your sweet discount. Yeah, I'll Do it. Right. So Trevor met this girl over the summer when she was visiting Ireland. They hit it off or at least Trevor thought that they hit it off and they exchanged contact info and then that was that she left whatever.


But when her name came up and one boy dared another Trevor booked a round trip flight to Alaska at the end of November. Carpe diem and all that jazz. The problem is that it's not totally clear that the girl was on board for this. In fact it kind of seems like she wasn't according to his dad. Michael, when Trevor mentioned the idea to her in an email, she mostly like brushed him off. She's like, you know I'm gonna be really busy studying for finals. Like he shouldn't come. And for all I know all of that could have been true or it could have been her way of letting him down gently. But whatever it was like he didn't take the hint and he booked this trip anyway. Now what exactly happened when he got there is a little bit of a mystery.


There's not a ton of reporting around it, but investigators kind of put forward this idea that maybe he got there and then he pissed off a boyfriend or an ex-boyfriend or something And that person followed him back to Ireland. Like why wouldn't they have just done something when he was there in Alaska? I mean, yeah, that makes the most sense. I think that investigators are just desperate for any kind of lead at this point. I mean they're so desperate that I know two investigators like straight up fly out to Alaska to look into this and they're in good company because Trevor's sister goes out there too at some point, although I don't know the timing of that trip either way, investigators interview the girl and then someone she had traveled with and determined that whatever may have happened to Trevor, it probably had nothing to do with him coming to Alaska or with this girl or anything related to that.


So now it's back to the drawing board and back to Ireland. In the weeks following his disappearance, Trevor's friends and family just blanket Dublin with posters and flyers of Trevor. They also conduct their own unofficial canvas visiting all of the establishments that he might have passed in the hope that someone, anyone knows something. And this is wild to me, but it's actually one of these friends doing this who uncovers some of the most consequential evidence in this entire case. And that friend is a guy named kli who works for a company that sells CCTV equipment. And I don't think I have to explain that.


I think people are pretty familiar with CCTV now. Yeah, Closed circuit television, we're just talking about security cameras, Right? You got it. Like again, 2024, we all know but CCTV in Ireland in 2000, from what I'm gathering, this is kind of a novel concept at the time. Definitely not something everyone is aware of or even understands, which is maybe why it falls to KLI to go looking for it and not the police. And he has to hurry because he knows enough about it to know that companies that use CCTV don't hang onto the footage forever, at least not at the turn of the millennium. He explains to Rita Boland that the footage is stored on VHS and it isn't kept long. Some places delete it as quickly as 24 hours, right, Which we know now, but like again novelty then.


Right? And they still delete after 24 hours. Now some of them have a cloud, but like even though we have like almost the possibility for unlimited storage, like I feel like this stuff has still gone almost immediately Way too soon at least. Yeah. Now of all of the places they visit, only one place has footage of Trevor from that night and that's the Bank of Ireland at Bagot Street Bridge. Which might be a little confusing since Trevor works for Bank of Ireland asset management, but they're not the same thing. Best I can tell is Bank of Ireland at Bagot Street Bridge is like an actual bank branch while where he worked. Bank of Ireland asset management or BIAM is kind of the arm of the bank that manages investments.


Anyways, the wild part is just how close the footage came to being deleted by the time Coniff got there. So close that when he talked to the bank manager, the bank manager tells him he's lucky. He asked when he did because they keep theirs for more than 24 hours. They keep it for 28 days. But day 28 was right around the corner. Now here's the catch. She says she can't release the footage to him directly, but she is able to hold onto it for the Garda and thank freaking God They do because according to Boland's reporting, this is some of the only footage of Trevor that is ever recovered. And they're lucky because it actually shows something interesting.


So is this the only CCTV footage they can find? So No. So this is a little confusing too in the reporting, but according to Anne o Laughlin with the Evening Herald, they do have some other footage from BIAM, the building of the bank where he works. And maybe I'm reading too much into it. I like, I hope I'm reading too much into it, but it almost makes me wonder if Con left gives them the idea to ask the bank at all. I don't know if they already had that and then they just didn't think to go ask anyone else and he had to bring up that idea. So like, I dunno, I'm a little confused about like The timing of it feels a little bit side eye, but regardless we have it Right. And so basically we have two things and this is the only footage ever.


We have this footage from the BIAN. There's two cameras that we get footage from and then we have the footage that Coniff helps get from that other bank branch. And what it shows is talked about endlessly on the internet. And I, I want you guys should go watch it for yourselves, but I wanna do my best to break it down because this is the biggest clue we have in Trevor's disappearance. We're gonna link to it, it's on YouTube, but Britt, I kind of wanna do a play by play of this if we can. Sure. Okay. So this first part of the video is from a sort of like elevated view. We're looking down at like a little courtyard with a fence around it. And I think this fenced area is like the main focus for the camera.


We can see like the fence, it's rod iron with these big like columns is what I would call them at like the post points. Not just like a regular metal fence all the way around. There's like these huge columns. There's some sidewalk out front, a little bit of the street now, a guy in dark clothes in a hat, just like walked into frame from across the street. Timestamp is like 3:05 AM he's walking up onto the sidewalk and then it looks like he kind of like backs into a corner of this area in front of the building. I mean the weather's terrible like you said. Right. So looks like he maybe he's like getting tucked in there to protect himself from like the elements or something. Yeah. And he's by the columns you're talking about and you called him like really big columns. But I mean they're more to me decorative than anything when you, if it's raining and as windy as everyone has reported, it's not something that's gonna provide you a ton of shelter.


Right, Right. Like maybe some like brace from the wind. Yeah. And it looks like he's like checking his phone. Okay. And then based on the timestamps, it's like he's in this corner for a while 'cause it skips forward like 28 minutes. Okay. And he's stepping out now kind of like officially in like the sidewalk space. It almost looks like he's like looking for someone or waiting on someone checking maybe his watch or phone again. Now I see this other guy walking by on the sidewalk, like totally normal pace. So That's Trevor. So the guy in the dark clothes, you're right, he like steps out into the sidewalk. He's looking down in the direction that this other guy comes. And we know that that's Trevor. Okay.


And like Trevor's just walking down the street, totally normal on his way to whatever's next. No real like evident acknowledgement. No. Or interaction with the guy in dark clothes. Right? He's just standing there. Okay. And now that dark clothes guy just like walked away in the same direction as Trevor who like just passed him. If you like Go second by second. It's weird. 'cause like he literally like after Trevor walks by, he waits a beat and then it's like his head turns around and so he could just be looking. But it's all I, but It's almost like, oh, was that the person I was waiting for or something waiting For? Did that person call him or something? 'cause he turns around, he like looks for a second and then he turns fully like his whole body around and he follows in that direction. And we, that's when we lose both of them out of frame of camera one.


Right. And now we cut to view two, which based on the timestamps is just like seconds later. And this is like through that fence and between some of those like column ish posts, it kinda feels like it's like just around the corner from our last point of view. Same fence. But this is shot from like directly inside the gate instead of above it. It's a different gate. So Okay. It the, so the direction that Trevor was walking, camera two picks up from behind a gate where he was walking. And what's really interesting is I pulled up, and I'll link out to this, I pulled up a picture on Google Maps. It's literally just a, around this little corner. Like almost as soon as he walked out of frame of camera one, he would've rounded the corner to camera two.


Okay. That's kind of how it felt. Because one, because of the timestamps, it's again like seconds later. But it does feel like a different area for some reason. Obviously like the point of view is different, but it feels like, yeah, he just popped around the corner and now he's at this gate. Okay, But did you catch what was so weird about that? So yes, it's a few seconds later, but it's like it like it picks up at the same time, but then you wait, wait, wait. And then motion lights come on and then the guy in black comes into view first. I cannot make that make sense. He Would've been behind Trevor based on like them going down those sidewalks seconds earlier. Yes. Like Two seconds behind him. It like, so and, and because there's this delay of when, I mean you would expect to see Trevor almost immediately.


And I think about him like looking back, it almost feels like the two of them had to have like connected outside of the view of the camera. And then the man comes walking first and then I'll let you pick up Trevor's like right behind him. Yeah. And they walk up to the fence. It's like a gate section. You can kind of see like a looped lock on it. Trevor's going right up to the lock, kind of talking to the guy as he's like fiddling with unlocking the gate. Then only Trevor walks through the gate, shuts it behind him and kind of walks towards the camera and out of frame. Right. And then we get a different point of view. Yeah. So we don't get, it picks up later with Trevor leaving.


So we see him, you know, this is after he goes in with his coworker, he checks his email, they have coffee and tea. He gets his umbrella. We end up saving an Hour half. He passes. Yeah. But when the camera picks up and he's leaving with his umbrella, our guy in black is gone. And as far as I can tell, they have never released any footage showing him leaving. But when Trevor leaves, which like he doesn't like interact with it, he's like, he looks like he's booking it and he's on his own. Right. I was gonna say when he comes to the gate, like the guy in the dark clothes is kind of like off to the side, kind of behind a pillar or column or post or whatever. And like in theory, he could be still back there. He could be back there and walked off out of frame away the other direction. Not through the camera's like viewpoint.


But it is weird that like it cuts forward and we never see him leave. And like you said, Trevor doesn't interact with anybody in that corner when he goes to leave. So you have to assume he's not there. The guy in the dark clothes is gone. Right. And then the last viewpoint is from above looking at a sidewalk below. And this would be the bank branch camera. Yeah. And this is like, this isn't just around the corner. I think this is a little ways away from what I understand. And it's About 10 minutes later in the timestamp. Yeah. So I would assume it's a bit of a walk. Yep. And we see him under the umbrella walking down the street pretty normal. Doesn't seem like hurried outside of the fact that it's raining on him.


And then Oh, dark closed guy is back coming down the sidewalk behind Trevor. Yeah. And then that's it like and the footage. That's It. So after seeing this, what investigators are naturally wondering is, is it the same guy in both videos? They think at this point that the answer is yes. And I am gonna call out that in the early days, this was a lot harder to view because it wasn't until 2017 that the Garda sent the footage off to the UK to be enhanced. And from what I can tell in the reporting, the footage from the very first camera might not have looked like much prior to 2017.


Like it took a lot of enhancing. But based on camera two and camera three, they're thinking that they've got the same guy in black. And so investigators go public with the footage in January of 2001, the footage that they had unenhanced back then. And they, they do this on an Irish show called Crime Line, where they make this plea for this guy to identify himself. And they don't know this yet, but this will be the first of many such requests because he doesn't come forward to ID himself. And no one else IDs him either. Which isn't to say that the decision to go on TV wasn't productive as many as 80 separate tips are called in because of the show. But none that get them any closer to finding Trevor or IDing that man.


When a seriously decomposed body washes up onshore near a city called Togar in February, it's almost as though the entire country holds its breath. Especially once the body is determined to belong to someone between the ages of 25 and 30. Not exactly Trevor's demographic, but close enough. And how close is this to Dublin? Not, I mean, it's a solid three hour drive south, but it is on the same coast. And it seems like the Garda believes that it would've been possible for a body that entered the water in Dublin to make its way to that area. Neil Leslie reports in the Sunday world quote, detectives believe that the young computer worker's body could have been washed out into the Irish sea if it did end up in the canal end quote.


But given the advanced state of decomposition, they're gonna have to submit some DNA testing to confirm who this is. And here's the thing, I don't know if the remains are ever identified, but I do know that they confirm they aren't Trevor's. So the investigation chugs along and by July of 2001, investigators are considering four main theories. The Evening Herald reports that they are accidental drowning, a violent assault, suicide, and a voluntary disappearance. Now the last two are essentially dismissed. Nothing in the source material suggests a history of mental health struggles or any reason that Trevor might have wanted to start over somewhere else.


Rather, everything reports the opposite. Trevor's this happy dude with a positive attitude, lots of friends and family who adore him, a promising future. Now, as far as foul play, it seems unlikely to investigators that they wouldn't have heard anything about that if that's what happened. So they So we're really doubling down on him being Mary Poppins into the canal. Pretty much Joanne Haggerty writes in the evening, Herold quote, some officers believe the 22-year-old computer analyst who was carrying a large umbrella when he disappeared by the early hours of December eight, last was blown into the river by a gust of wind end quote.


But only some officers believe this. Yes, some because when five more years go by and there is still no single sign of Trevor washing up in any water or any sign of his umbrella by the way, or his phone or his other possessions, they pretty much rule out the drowning theory. But ruling that out doesn't tell them what did happen and the years keep passing one by one and little progress is made in that time. Investigators released an aged enhanced picture of Trevor in 2010, but still no word, which Like an age enhanced image is great, but it's only gonna help if he is alive, which feels kind of unlikely to me.


It does though the Dealies are clinging on to hope, even questioning whether he could be suffering from amnesia somewhere, which again feels unlikely, but they're just not ready to give up on Trevor. Not when so much of his disappearance remains a mystery. It's no mystery that dogs are an important part of our lives and keeping them protected is top priority, especially against nasty parasites. That's why you gotta check out NexGuard plus Aox alone or Moxidectin and al chewable tablets. NexGuard Plus Chew provide one and done monthly protection that kills fleas, ticks, prevents heartworm disease, plus it treats and controls roundworms and hookworms.


That's a whole lot of protection packed into a delicious beef flavored soft chew, designed to make monthly dosing easy and enjoyable. So the next time you're at the vet, ask about Nexgard Plus Chew. They're the one and done monthly parasite protection you want for your dog used with caution in dogs with a history of seizures or neurologic disorders. Dogs should be tested for existing heartworm infection prior to starting a preventive around September of 2016. The case receives a boost when it is handed over to the gardas Serious Crime Review team for a cold case review. Brett, I'm gonna have you read a quote from Michael in reporting by Nick Bram Hill for the Irish Independent.


It's a little long fair warning. Okay. The quote is, I'm delighted that Trevor's case is being looked into again. There's a team of five or six Guardi that have been appointed to Reinvestigate Trevor's case, and I met with them a couple weeks ago. There's no body or no scene for them to go on. So they're prioritizing the CCTV footage of him, which has been taken to the UK where they have more advanced methods of examining it than we do here in Ireland. I'm very pleased that there will be some fresh eyes looking into this, and it has certainly given me and my family a big boost. I don't want to raise my hopes too much at this stage, but at the same time I feel far more hopeful than I have in years. There is a part later in that same piece where he says, quote, it's still our belief that Trevor is alive and I'll carry on believing that until it is proved otherwise.


Now, this whole process is a little bit of a hurry up and wait kind of thing with this cold case review. But in spring of 2017, Kieran, Darcy and Connor Laley report in the Irish Times that the UK team has made incredible progress enhancing the CCTV footage, calling it a quote unquote significant development. And again, that's the footage that we got to see just now, right? And when they do enhance it, they don't keep it under wraps in April, they release it for the public to see. And they do this very intentionally. Their hope is that someone who knows someone might see the footage and be overcome with guilt, not necessarily even the perp, even just a witness with critical information. Someone who recognizes the way someone walks, whatever Darcy and Lowy quote, an anonymous investigator in that Irish Times piece who says quote, that's a long shot.


But a lot of times has passed since then and people's circumstances and loyalties change. Somebody who may have known something then but was protecting a loved one or was in fear may not now be in that position. End quote. And then in reporting by Michelle Hennessy for the journal, one of the detectives working the case, detective superintendent o' Boyle says, quote, the actions of this individual, I suppose would have to be regarded as being suspicious. By the way he's talking about the man in the dark clothing. The quote goes on, he's standing outside of the bank center for approximately a half an hour before Trevor Deley arrives, end quote. And I think that's an important thing like you mentioned, but we didn't really hone in on like it is windy, it is cold, it is raining.


He is standing there presumably for a half hour. Our footage skips forward, but he's in the same position. They haven't said if he moves or does anything in that time. It seems Very intentional that he only moves when Trevor walks by and he follows Trevor. Right? So yet again, they request for this man to come forward and identify himself, which he doesn't. But John Mooney reports in the Sunday times that investigators receive quote unquote credible intelligence indicating that Trevor may have been the victim of a robbery and an assault eventually being shoved into a body of water. So we've ruled out drowning, but are back at him being in the water.


Yeah, it's enough to give you whiplash, but at least this one kind of makes sense to me. Yeah, though you would think they would have potentially found him, but by the summer of 2017, the foul play theory has evolved more because that's when a confidential informant says that he knows exactly where Trevor's body is buried. According to the ci, it's on a three acre plot of wasteland in chapel. And the killer might be a career criminal known to the Garda for his drug smuggling connections. So this makes investigators wonder if Trevor was killed in some sort of drug deal that went bad, but then they also consider that maybe it was just like a chance meeting or maybe he saw something or who, I mean they don't know at this point, but either way, this is the best lead they've had in a long time.


And so they begin an exhaustive search of that property in chapel is when they locate a buried firearm. It seems like it all might be coming together, especially considering that their CI had claimed Trevor was killed with a gun. But obviously without Trevor, we don't know if it is this gun. Now in August, Ken Foy and Robin Schiller report in the Irish Independent that they've received Intel suggesting that Trevor's killer was a member of a well-known crime family from a place called Crumlin, which is a suburb of Dublin. This is a development in the theory they're already pursuing in Chapel lizard, or is this an entirely new theory?


I think it's the same theory. It's not super clear because it's all, again, based on tips from this anonymous ci. So I, I can't tell if it's the same CI or if this is like a new informant. I feel Like it's gotta be the same one. Right? I would think, but I've been wrong before, so I don't know. Either way. Another dive team is brought in in late August, early September this time to search the River LiFi, which runs through the chapel lizard property. But on September 21st, Sean Dunn reports in the Irish times that the search has ended with no further clues about Trevor's fate. So whether the CI was lying or was wrong, I don't know, but it is worth noting that the CI said that he wanted no part of the a hundred thousand dollars reward that was being offered in Trevor's case.


So why else come forward? Right? Investigators did make one final discovery before the search in chapel was abandoned. It was a drug stash worth more than 80,000 euro, which would've equaled a little over $95,000 at the time. And then there's one more big development that I wanna end on in just December of 20 23, 1 of the central mysteries of this case, or at least half of it gets solved. So the man seeing following Trevor on the CCTV footage from camera three, that other bank, not the one that Trevor w worked at, that man is found and cleared of any involvement in Trevor's disappearance.


It turns out apparently investigators had interviewed this guy before, like way in the early days of the investigation, So he could have been idd and ruled out in a matter of no time. It, it reminds me a, a lot of like the Delphi where they, like they had talked to this person, it, he was there all along. I mean, granted, in this case, this guy's not even considered a suspect. He was just someone like hustling out of the rain and, and wearing dark clothing. You know, it's, it's pretty common. It's Like if two more dots were connected, we wouldn't have this question mark, right? Like we wouldn't have this question mark for two decades longer than we, than we needed to essentially. Yeah. And we wouldn't wonder if it was the same guy following him, but I, but there are still questions that remain.


I don't know that it answers all of the questions or takes them all away because they're very clear to say that he is not the guy from the BIAM footage from camera one and two. So we're not totally out of shadowy figures in this case, and that guy has never come forward and I'm most interested in that guy. Yeah, the one that sat out there waiting for 30 minutes, the one that followed Trevor potentially had some interaction with him before they're seen on camera two and then definitely was talking to him on camera. Camera two. Who is that guy? Where is that guy? And why is he not coming forward? Because that's where things stand today.


Trevor's disappearance is as much of a mystery today as it was at the beginning of the new millennium. So please, if you have any information about the disappearance of Trevor Deley the morning of December 8th, 2000, contact the authorities. I'm especially talking to you Irish Crime Junkies. You can reach the Garda at 0 1 6 6 6 9,000 Crime Stoppers continues to offer a reward of a hundred thousand Euro to anyone with information that significantly assists in this investigation. But the real reward is the piece you can bring to the Daley family and that is priceless.


You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie Podcast dot com, And you can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. I'll see you next week for a brand new episode. But Don't forget, we'll be back this Thursday with a special fan club episode from the Vault that you won't wanna miss.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck, to your proof


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner net credit credit to the people.


Meet the next generation of podcast stars with SiriusXM's. Listen Next program presented by State Farm as part of their mission to help voices be heard. State Farm teamed up with SiriusXM to uplift diverse and emerging creators. Tune in to stars and stars with Issa as host Issa Nakazawa dives into birth charts of her celeb guests. This is just the start of a new wave of podcasting. Visit State Farm dot com to find out how we can help prepare for your future. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.