
Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


If you're a parent and your child is not getting challenged enough in class, then IXL is right for your family. IXL is an online learning program for kids covering math, language arts, science and social studies. IXL has interactive practice problems for topics from pre-K to 12th grade and questions adjust to the right level of difficulty. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Crime Junkie Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash Crime. Junkie Visit ixl dot com slash Crime Junkie to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. It's back to school season and kids are always learning and growing, but as adults, sometimes we lose that curiosity. Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime Junkie today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp dot com slash Crime. Junkie


Hi Crime junkies, I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today is interesting because it is actually close to being solved and it's a story that investigators think they know. Almost all of they're just waiting for the right person to come forward with those last few puzzle pieces. And maybe that person is listening right now and can help bring closure to a family who's waited 40 years for answers. This is the story of Kelly Disney.


It is not every day someone comes walking into a police station holding a human skull, but in Newport, Oregon on Monday, July 25th, 1994, that is exactly what happens. This guy just walks in and is basically like, Hey, I found something. He says that two days earlier on Saturday, he'd been out on his A TV in this wooded area behind a local reservoir when he came upon this abandoned car and the car's like in a spot that's known to attract partiers, but something about the car intrigued him. Maybe he was looking to see if there was anything of value inside. Maybe he just had nothing better to do. But he got the surprise of his life when he found the skull in the car somewhere either wrapped in or covered up by some carpet.


Just the skull. Just The skull and exactly where in the car is unclear. So one episode of Dark Minds that I watched states that it was in the trunk, but I can't find any other reporting to back that up. So you know, grain of salt, I don't know. But naturally this guy decides cool a skull and the dude picked it up and brought it home where his sensible girlfriend shout out to the sensible women out there. She was like, dude, you need to take that to police. Like don't bring it home. Yeah. So he tries taking it to the Lincoln County Sheriff's Office, but since it was a weekend, they're closed. Only the jail's open and the folks working at the jail said that he should try to take it to the Newport Police.


So he drives to that police station and lo and behold, they're closed due And there's not like an emergency number he could call. I Mean, I don't think he's really classifying this as an emergency. Not to say that I wouldn't, but he's not. I mean, the skull had clearly been out there for a while. So while US crime junkies might be a little panicked, he just took it back home. And if you're thinking that he put it in a bag or a box or something for safekeeping until he could get it to police, you weren't listening. This dude brought it home, Brit, it gets worse. He, Oh no. Cleaned It with dish soap and then put it on top of his TV before, before then bringing it in Monday when the office finally opened.


Oh my God. He cleaned Like with, with A dawn, just like scrubbed away in the sink. Oh my God. To make it nice and shiny and remove any potential evidence. I don't know why he thought that was a good idea. Well Obviously he wanted to clean it up to display it on his tv. I don't know again, where was the sensible girlfriend, but at least, but he's Monday walking to the Police station. Now It's with police now. Yeah. And they now have the task of figuring out who this school belongs to and what happened to this person. Obviously they're already thinking foul play, knowing the way that it was found, but there was also some indication in the research that there's some kind of evidence of injuries to the skull. But what exactly those are isn't stated Now, luckily there are at least some of the teeth left, so they figure maybe if there are any missing people with dental records on file, they can ID this person maybe now it took about a week, but they did locate dental records of a missing person that matched this skull.


According to an article in the Corvallis Gazette Times, the records belong to a, a young woman named Kelly Disney who went missing 10 years before in March of 1984. She was just 17. And although she lived in Newport at the time, she was originally from Settes, which is this town about 18 minutes northeast of Newport where her parents lived. Now her case had been kind of dormant for some time, but they knew the case when it popped up. Kelly had moved into her 20-year-old boyfriend Robert's apartment, which her parents weren't super happy about. Yeah, You said she was just 17. Was she still in high school? Yeah, so that was the catch. She was a senior. And to be clear, she had a great relationship with her parents.


So from what I can tell, she wasn't like moving out to escape anything at home or whatever. She was just young and in love. And even though her parents weren't jazzed about her moving out, their conditioned for letting her go is that she had to finish high school and she agreed. But her relationship with Robert wasn't a model one. I don't have many details on just how rocky things were, but all of their friends knew that they would argue they'd get frustrated with each other on a fairly regular basis. And according to her case file, that is what happened on the evening of March 8th, they had this pretty small chill party at their apartment. But in the early morning hours of March 9th, Robert left. I don't know why, but it really frustrated Kelly that he did leave.


So at around 1230 she left too. Now Robert eventually came back, but Kelly didn't. So at some point he goes out looking for her and he actually did eventually find her standing along Highway 20, which runs east to west. It's one of the two highways that runs through Newport And it's close to their apartment Relatively. I mean, she left on foot, so it had to have been like within walking distance, you know what I mean? Anyways, he says when he finds her, he tries to convince her to get in the car and go back with him. But she refused, even though the weather was not great. I mean it was cold. It was kind of rainy. So after a little bit of trying to convince her to come back, he is like, forget it. Fine. He leaves thinking that she'll be back when she's ready to come back.


Which I mean again, even considering the weather, obviously she's probably gonna come back soon, but she never did come back. At the time. Robert figured she'd ended up at her parents' house or maybe how Did he think that she would've gotten there though? Like you said, she was on Foot. Yeah, maybe he thought she found a payphone or maybe another one of her friends could have picked her up or she was walking all night because she was pissed. I don't know. But obviously we know she didn't make it back to her parents and when exactly her family and friends started getting worried is a little unclear. According to an article by Quentin Smith for Ya, hot's News, which we used as a primary source for this episode, her mom came to look for her at the apartment the next morning, which technically would have been the ninth.


But other sources say that Robert called her on the 10th when Kelly still wasn't home. But either way, pretty quickly everyone in her life realized that something was very wrong here. She didn't show up to school, she didn't go to her shift at a local pizza joint. I mean, she didn't even even pick up her paycheck and when she left, she didn't have her money or Id with her. So like all the red flags are up. So it was her stepdad who goes to report her missing. And pretty quickly police had put together a good timeline of Kelly's movements after Robert last saw her. And it turns out that he wasn't even the last one to see her. She actually had an encounter with police before she went missing for good.


Now, there are two versions of this story out in the world. I don't know if one or both are true, but the first one goes that two men on their way to an overnight shift spotted her walking along the road and stopped to ask if she needed a ride. She said she didn't, which frankly I don't blame her. She's 17. I'm not about to get in the car with two strange men when I'm 17 or 35, right? And the men just like took no for an answer. But they were worried enough about this teenager walking alone in the dark, cold, rainy, whatever, that they stopped at a convenience store. And when they saw a police officer there, they told him about the encounter. So maybe that's how the police officer ended up getting to Kelly. But the other story is that a concerned citizen had called police to report a drunk woman walking down the road in traffic.


But either way, Sergeant Walt Bruja was the one who responded to the situation at around 1:00 AM he found Kelly still walking down the road. Jim Sams reported for the Corvallis Gazette times that he said she didn't appear drunk and he offered her help. He offered her a ride repeatedly, but again, she refused. Now this time she said she had gotten into a fight with her boyfriend and she was gonna be going to a friend's house that was about a half mile away. And since she wasn't intoxicated, since she wasn't breaking any laws, he couldn't really do anything if she refused to go with him. So this officer just left her walking down the road, presumably toward that friend's house.


And that was the last that anyone saw of Kelly Disney. Does anyone know what friends she was going to? No. Or even if that's what her intention was like she had a few friends that I know live close to the highway, but none of them reported seeing her that night. I didn't see anything of a friend coming forward and saying that they had planned for her to come over or had gotten in contact with her like anything like that. Now, same as I would've been, Kelly's family had been really frustrated with Sergeant Bcha at the time for leaving her wondering like why he couldn't have at least radioed back to the station. Had someone get in contact with her parents since she was a minor, but he didn't. So all they and police had to go on now was the last place he remembers seeing her along the highway.


So there was a search conducted along the highway starting in that area because I mean, at first her family's biggest worry wasn't that she'd been abducted or something like that. Maybe she'd been hit by a car. It was dark, it was rainy. But as they look and look and look for her, there is just no trace of her anywhere along the side of the road And with no trace of her. I mean abduction has to be a theory early on. Yes, but also like visc early on, everything was on the table, right? And there was talk I know from officials early on about possible foul play, but what's so strange is they seemed to backtrack pretty quickly and they started saying that they thought she chose to run away, but her family didn't even think that was a reasonable assumption.


They were convinced that something had to have happened to her, not only because she had no reason to run away, but also because she left everything behind literally. But at the time, police say they made that ruling because they got a report that a few students, maybe even a teacher, had seen Kelly at school around 8:00 AM the next morning making a call at the payphone. So based on that seemingly alone, they determined that she must have chosen to leave as days and eventually years passed. There were moments when they questioned that assumption, like when this man was arrested for killing two women in a town about an hour and a half away, maybe he was involved, or when they found a woman's body along a logging road, maybe that was Kelly.


But the man arrested was determined not to be related to her case and the body that they found wasn't Kelly's. So every once in a while, her small little file would get a new slip of paper, at least six from tips related to psychics that called in over the years. But no concrete evidence or leads had turned up Until now. Until


now. There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you whether you're going on a weekend getaway or a dream vacation to Italy. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I'm actually leaving for France here in a couple of days, ULA la. And you better believe I'm gonna be making use of that wifi to make the most of my long flight and keep working so I'm not drowning and stuff when I get back. Plus, you're covered with five gigabytes of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. So when you land, you can get fast and easy directions to your hotel or scope out restaurant reservations to sample the local cuisine. And thanks to T-Mobile when your trip is done, you can return your dollar rental car without refueling. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US airlines. Additional terms and conditions apply


Drunk Elephant C Luma Hyalite serum is your secret weapon for great skin. It's a unique 10% vitamin C serum that brightens clarifies and hydrates skin revealing un noticeably more even and luminous complexion. Vitamin C is a key ingredient of Drunk Elephant C Luma hyalite serum because it reduces blemishes, fade, hyperpigmentation and redness and improves skin clarity plus triple antioxidant brightening complex brightens and reduces post breakout marks. The serum is gentle for all skin, even the most sensitive and applies smooth, not sticky. Use it both day and night. Discover Drunk Elephant C Luma hyalite serum at Drunk Elephant dot com.


Things were different now. Police were now holding her skull in their hands and they realized how much time has been lost and how much making up they're gonna have to do a full decade later. But this time they hit the ground running. The investigation is done by the Lincoln County major crime team, which includes officers from the Lincoln County Sheriff's Office, the Oregon State Police, the Newport Police, Toledo and Walport police departments. Even the district attorney's office is involved and one of the first things they do is search the area where the skull was found, wondering if Kelly's body might be nearby. But according to more of Jim Sam's reporting, their search comes up empty and no trace of Kelly's other remains are discovered.


All's not lost though because the timing and the location of the discovery of the skull is almost as important. If you remember I said that this was a popular party hangout area where this car was, where the skull was found. Well, after speaking with some local kids, police learned that there had been a few people hanging out in the car the day before Kelly's skull was found. And they say that the skull definitely wasn't there then. Is this car like important? Is it some old abandoned thing that had been out there forever or No? Based on everything I found, it looks like it had been out there for a few years at least. So I don't think they're gonna like trace it to anyone who like had the skull.


And again, the skull just showed up in it. I don't know if it's been there since she went missing, but it doesn't seem like it has anything to do with her case. It's just like one of the places in the woods teenagers tend to congregate at. So it's almost like someone wanted this skull to be found, like faced it There, right? Right. But why? And there are a few options to that question that investigators consider. One is that someone else found it somewhere else and they didn't wanna go to police with it for fear that maybe they'd be looked at with suspicion. So they just leave it somewhere. They knew it would be found 'cause people hang out there. But another option is that whoever killed Kelly left it there on purpose, maybe for the same reason.


Okay, but why would they want it to be found? I mean they were basically home free, right? 10 years, a whole decade. No one was coming to look for them. Well was it guilt? Was it a game? Because here's the interesting thing. So even though police weren't saying foul play out loud 10 years in even they were acknowledging like, okay, someone would've probably heard something from Kelly in all this time. So they had actually recently done a pressor. They went to the media to remind them of this 10-year-old case that they had and they were looking for any tips according to a segment of on your side for k val.com, that presser was just days before that guy found her skull in the car.


So they can't help but wonder if the timing is very coincidental or if that plea for tips caused the skull to be left in this place where they knew someone would find it. Now using the press in active cases can be a bit of a game. You gotta play your cards right? Let's not jump straight to her killer, placed it there, let's keep an open mind, get whoever put it there to feel comfortable coming forward. So they put out a statement asking whoever found the skull and placed it where it had been found to come and chat with them. So they kind of go with that theory publicly like, oh, maybe you just came across it, whatever. Just like whoever found it, whoever put it there. We don't believe anybody had anything to do with this.


We just wanna know where it was was we Just wanna talk to you. Yeah. Now I'm assuming they also send the skull off for testing, but thanks to homeboy who washed it with the evening dishes, like that part is exaggeration. Like I don't think you did with the dishes, but you get it. They're probably not gonna get anything off the skull to help them. So they're really counting on someone to come forward. But despite that initial push, it looks like no one ever actually does. No one claims to be the person who placed her skull in that car. Were they able to collect the carpet that it was with like under or around or whatever? I'm sure it was there, but I don't see anything mentioned about the carpet. So I don't know if it wasn't important. It seems like, again, like I said, the car was kind of a junker.


Maybe the carpet had already been in it. Maybe they could tell that it was really old, had been there a long time and the skull hadn't. I'm totally guessing. I have no idea, but But it's so weird to me 'cause like why cover the skull at all? Yeah, if the goal is to be found found, you know, like why hide it so someone can find it? I wish I knew more about how active of an area this was. Like were people in and out of there all the time. Maybe they wanted to delay it being found just a little bit so they could put some distance between them in the car or like them in the time of like being there. Okay, but that brings up another good point. You have to know that that car is there and that it's a place where people will be like, we'll find that kind of in and out of without being noticed or watched or like planned, right?


It'll be found but maybe not soon. Like you have to know a lot about this area and this like specific car in this spot to even choose that place. I totally agree and and you see this in so many cases where the place where something is hidden tends to be connected in a meaningful way to the person who hid it there. But I don't know if they followed that as an angle back then or if they did, I don't know if they connected anyone that that Kelly knew to that spot. I mean unless they're looking at Robert, it feels like this can't be someone who's connected to her at this point. You almost have to work backwards, like who all knows this spot? And then who can you put on that highway 10 years before? Yes. But that means there's suspect pool is wide and when you have all the possibilities, you're only working with a washed skull and you're a decade behind, that's when a case can go cold fast.


And that's exactly what happens to Kelly's. So the years again start to pass and Kelly's family is once again left to pick up the pieces knowing that their loved one is dead, but not knowing how she died or who took her from them to her mom. It is almost a relief to finally know that her daughter's not coming home, but it doesn't undo the years of pain that her family endured as a result. And they don't even get to lay her to rest because her mom doesn't want to. Until her complete set of remains are found, Kelly's disappearance and her death touched each member of her family differently. Kelly's mom and stepdad divorced. One of her brothers suffered with substance use disorder and her sister bounced between the homes of different relatives as she grew up.


And we talk about this all the time, it's the ripple effect of crime. It doesn't just impact the victim, it impacts every single one of their loved ones, their friends, the community that they were in. I mean Truly even the generation after that. And you have to, I think, grieve to heal. You have to know what you're grieving to fully process it. And in Kelly's case, there were still so many questions, questions that felt like they would never be answers to. But in 2009 there was hope. A new district attorney named Rob Bovet takes office and Kelly's case is reopened along with the cases of four other girls, four others who were also last seen near highways along the coast of Oregon, and four others who all vanished under similar circumstances.


It's no mystery that dogs are an important part of our lives and keeping them protected is top priority, especially against nasty parasites. That's why you gotta check out Nexgard plus Aox alone or Moxidectin and al chewable tablets. Nexgard plus chews provide one and done monthly protection that kills fleas, ticks, prevents heartworm disease, plus it treats and controls roundworms and hookworms. That's a whole lot of protection packed into a delicious beef flavored soft chew, designed to make monthly dosing easy and enjoyable. So the next time you're at the vet, ask about Nexgard Plus Chew. They're the one and done monthly parasite protection you want for your dog use with caution in dogs with a history of seizures or neurologic disorders, dogs should be tested for existing heartworm infection prior to starting a preventive Seeking the truth never gets old even when it hides in the shadows.


Step into the enigmatic world of June's journey, a free to play hidden object mobile game where a shadowy figure is spreading devious gossip and revealing dark secrets. Immerse yourself in a


gripping tale of mystery, murder, gossip, and romance where every clue brings you closer to the truth and compete with friends and players for the fastest case solving and highest scores. Join the intrigue and experience the vibrant 1920s community filled with untold mysteries and hidden truths. Uncover rumors spread by a mysterious gossip monger leading June to a masquerade ball, to confront the villain and celebrate the seventh anniversary of June's journey with exclusive themed events, haunting milestones and tantalizing giveaways. Plus, enjoy special activities all month long. That promise, thrilling adventures and dark twists. Can you unmask the truth? Download June's journey for free on iOS and Android today and stay tuned for amazing surprises. Happy sleuthing.


Eight years after Kelly went missing, two young women, 17-year-old Melissa Sanders and 19-year-old Sheila Swanson vanished while on a camping trip with Melissa's family. Last anyone saw them. They were north of Newport at Beverly Beach State Park trying to call friends or their boyfriends to come and pick them up. But according to an article by Noelle Crombie for Oregon Live, they decided to hitchhike when no one would come. They vanished close to Highway 1 0 1, which is the other highway that I mentioned that runs through Newport. And then they were found by hunters five months later, about 20 miles east of Newport. And remind me where this car was where they found Kelly skull.


So that was in a wooded area by the local reservoir. I'm not sure that it matters because I don't think that's where Kelly was for all those years though, or where the rest of her was slash is, right? So I don't even know that the car location like matters in relation to where these two other girls were found. But to go back to how they were found, so Melissa was found nude and Sheila's ankles were tied together with leggings. At the time the medical examiner theorized that they'd both been strangled, but they were both severely decomposed. So the cause of death wasn't determined. Now this case goes unsolved for a while. And then three years after Melissa and Sheila were MURDERED, there were two more young victims, 15-year-old Jennifer Essen and 16-year-old Carol Lee.


The two of them had been hanging out at a friend's house, but as the evening drew on, they decided to go to Jennifer's brother's place instead. Her brother had offered to give them a ride, but for an unknown reason, the two decided to walk, but then they never made it. About two weeks later, according to reporting for caval.com, their bodies were discovered off a remote logging road covered in brush. They were both found clothed other than the top button of one of the girls' pants being undone and her zipper being about halfway down. Now, unlike Melissa and Sheila since they were found relatively soon after they vanished, their cause of death was able to be determined. Both girls had been strangled and although I haven't seen anything about Kara having defensive wounds, it was obvious that Jennifer had fought back.


Now their cases as well end up going unsolved. But when Rob ends up taking office, he can't help but notice the similarities between them. I mean, even without the similarities, he knows that they have a better chance of solving all of them. Now due to the advancements in DNA and since Jennifer specifically, I mean we knew she fought back, there's hope that she might have gotten his DNA on her somewhere. Now frustratingly, there seems to be a gap in the reporting when it comes to any sort of DNA testing that happens in 2009. Please just haven't been all that forthcoming with information. So if there is DNA on Jennifer's body or nails or anywhere else or on any of the girls' bodies, that has not been reported on.


Still though the similarities between all the cases are striking. You've got five girls, all teenagers, all who went missing along coastal highways in or around Newport. It's worth looking into. Okay, so can you break down the timeline for me? Kelly was in, Kelly Goes missing in 84. Melissa and Sheila are killed in 1992, and Jennifer and Kara are killed in 1995. And then no more between 1995 and 2009 when this robbed guy takes office. No, none that I could find. And they must have looked too because investigators seem to be really focusing on these five specifically. Now details are a little sparse here, but at least when it comes to Kelly's murder, this reopening leads to them interviewing over 200 people and recompiling all the reports that they had from 1984.


And this takes a full year to get all of that done. I wish I could tell you who they interviewed or what leads they followed up on, but again, that's really being kept close to the vest right now or back then too. And things are just as slow going for the other girls cases. There are no arrests, not even any persons of interest that police share with the public, it's just radio silence for three years until 2012. That is when a man's name comes on everyone's radar from all the way up in British Columbia, Canada. So this guy, Bobby Fowler, was a US citizen who ended up getting connected through DNA to the murder of a teenage Canadian girl from back in 1974.


Her name was Colleen McMillan and she was 16 years old when she vanished off a stretch of highway that's come to be known as the Highway of Tears due to the number of crimes against women that occur on this specific stretch of road. And we did an episode on the Highway of Tears back in December, 2019. Yeah, Like the OG days. Now Colleen had been walking down the road alone at night when she vanished. And then her body was found about a month later, also along a logging road just like Kara and Jennifer. But that's not the only thing that they find similar or the only thing that they're connecting to these cases in Oregon. So the thing is, Bobby has a record in Newport back in 1995.


That's when he had assaulted a woman and threatened to sexually assault and kill her once they got back to his motel. Now thankfully, this woman was able to escape him by jumping out of a second story window, but it shows you a, he was there in the exact place at the time of Kara and Jennifer's crimes and that wasn't his only crime, not by a long shot. He killed two people in Texas back in 1969, but he wasn't charged with murder or anything even close to it. He was charged with discharging a firearm in the city limits. And then he served time in Tennessee after assaulting a woman and leaving her for dead. She too thankfully, was able to escape and get help.


So we have Texas, Tennessee, Oregon, Canada. This guy was kind of everywhere. I mean that's putting it lightly. Lori Tobias reported for Oregon Live that the more investigators dive into his past, the more they put together this pattern. He shows up in a town, a young woman goes missing either from a bar or while hitchhiking, and then her body would be found off back roads usually nude and bound. But by then, by the time they're found, he's halfway across the country. For instance, investigators know that he was in Arizona two weeks before Kara and Jennifer went missing. And then three days after they vanished, poof. Now all of a sudden he's in Louisiana. And investigators think that he did this on purpose to try and give himself an alibi.


Like this dude was Israel keys before, Israel Keys. That's like his mo like show up somewhere else. So they look at it and be like, it would be really hard to do, but really hard is not impossible. And the cases that this guy could be connected to are stacking up. 'cause unlike keys, this guy's victims were found and he has a pretty solid mo, there are two of them in South Carolina, one in Arizona, the girls that we've talked about in Oregon, three others in Oregon that murder up in Canada. I mean the list goes on for a time. He is thought to be connected to at least 20 murders in the US and Canada.


Now by 2012 when they're piecing all this together, this guy's not around to face the music anymore. He died of cancer back in 2006 while serving a sentence for that assault he committed back in 95. So investigators can't just go and ask him about Kelly, Melissa, Sheila, Jennifer, and Kara. And when exactly was it in 95 that he did that? When would he have been locked up? Well, That's what they have to piece together. They have to go diving into old records trying to place this guy in Oregon at the times that any of these girls disappeared. And when they do, they actually find something.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy, heinous Crimes Unsettle a small community. And the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her, starring Niecy Nash Betz, Courtney Bance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery premier's September 25th on FX Stream on Hulu.


It turns out just three hours after Kara and Jennifer went missing, state police ran a check on a vehicle. Bobby was known to drive a 1977 Dodge Monaco. Now what spurred this check is a little unclear, but based on that same article by Lori Tobias for Oregon Live, it seems like the car was spotted in Newport or one of the surrounding towns. So he was definitely there. He was probably there, not definitely, because this is a car he was associated with. But there's nothing in the old records about him being there again, he didn't necessarily like own this car, had to have been driving that car. He's just associated with that car.


So he could have left that car for some reason. Maybe someone else was driving it. You know, we can't place him in that car. That's the point. But It still seems like the best lead they've got. Oh, It totally is. So Bobby's actually named a suspect in Cara and Jennifer's murders, and he's named a person of interest in Melissa and Sheila's murders. But even though it seems like he was everywhere, investigators determined that he couldn't have killed Kelly. He was actually in prison in Iowa at the time of her disappearance. So then she's probably not connected to the other four if they're thinking that Bobby killed Kara, Jennifer, Melissa, and Sheila. Right? And there were obviously more differences that make Kelly the outlier, right?


I mean, she was the only one who was missing on her own. Her body still hasn't been found. The other pairs were killed within three years of each other, whereas Kelly was killed eight years before Melissa and Sheila. So more time passes much to the frustration of Kelly's family who continued to mourn her loss. So in an effort to drum up some more attention, Kelly's family puts up 200 signs along Highway 1 0 1 and 20 and she hands out about 2000 posters all on the 26th anniversary of the discovery of Kelly's skull. Now this isn't done in conjunction with investigators, but rather than being upset by it, I know I've seen that before. These investigators, they're actually pretty pumped about it.


They'll take any help they can get. And since it's been decades by now, they're hopeful that people who maybe didn't feel comfortable coming forward back in the eighties or nineties or whatever, maybe they'll feel comfortable now and some do now, fair warning, everything I've been able to piece together about who comes forward and what they say is pretty vague. For instance, I know several men say that they were there when Kelly was killed, but the details of that, who, where, why none of that is ever released. Police do release this though. They tell the public that they think they have a pretty good idea of what happened to Kelly based on several consistencies in the stories.


They believe that she was picked up along the highway that night by a few people that she who lived in Ettes, which if you remember, is where her parents lived. And this was possibly under the pretense of giving her a ride home. Of course, they didn't take her home though. Instead it is said that they took her to an unknown location, sexually assaulted her and then killed her before dumping her. Remains Her going with someone she knew makes the most sense since we know she turned down a ride from those two guys and a cop, Right? Yeah. And none of these named or unnamed people are Robert, I'm assuming. No, I mean, despite him, I know at one point he didn't wanna talk to investigators, but they've been pretty forthcoming with saying that they don't think he was involved.


And actually her family outright says that they think they know who did it, but they obviously don't release those names. Now, even though the police, you know, if her family thinks they know who I assume police think they know who the mystery still is, where are Kelly's remains, there's a rumor that goes around that her killers dumped her down a well, but no remains are found in any of the local wells. And that doesn't seem totally true. 'cause like someone was able to go get her skull, that seems kind of like, yeah, impossible to do at the bottom of a well, if It's a well, yeah. And when I go back and think about how her skull was found, the fact that they just made that plea for tips and then poof, it shows up.


It makes me think that there's this like third option. I mean you have all these people coming forward now saying that they know what happened. I feel like someone who knew what happened, someone who intimately knew maybe was there, they had to have known where she was or maybe they were told where she was, I don't know. But I think maybe that person heard. So it's not someone who just randomly found her. Maybe it's not the killer, but maybe it's this like other person who goes to get a piece of her, the one piece of her with the best likelihood in the nineties of IDing her and they wanted to make sure it got found Right. And if someone can lead them to the rest of her remains, I mean that would make their story pretty Legit. I know. And they're gonna need something pretty reliable because physical evidence is so few and far between in this case.


I mean I know they always keep looking for new tech and options. They even at one point got more resources from the Oregon DOJ. But what they need is the rest of Kelly In 2022, I know one investigator presents Kelly's case to a group of other Oregon investigators who suggest that they go back to the location her skull was found and widened their search for potentially the rest of her remains. And they do this, they even bring in chainsaws and power trimmers to painstakingly make their way through the dense woods. But all they find are animal bones, nothing human. By 2024, investigators have approached the FBI and asked them to help put up a reward. But as of the recording of this episode, I don't know if that request has been granted.


And although investigators believe that they are really close, they aren't ready to make any arrests yet, they're just not there. So her case remains unsolved. But there's been a bit of an update in the like last few years or so, from what I can tell. It looks like Bobby's not the prime suspect for Kara and Jennifer's murders anymore. Investigators determined that he was actually in jail in Arkansas right before they disappeared. And even though he was known to make these huge jumps from state to state, it seems like the timing here, they just can't quite like make it make sense. And then separately, Melissa and Sheila are thought to be the victims of another man, John Aykroyd.


John was a state highway worker who was convicted in 1993 of killing a woman who was out jogging. And he's also been connected to several other deaths as well. There's a lot that connects him to Melissa and Sheila's murders. Like for instance, he reportedly tried to lure them to a party before they went missing. He was also spotted in the area that their bodies were found in the weeks after they went missing, but before they were discovered. And not only that, but the day that they vanished, a few of his coworkers noticed that his truck was still in the parking lot past when his shift was supposed to end. But it's worth noting like his tow rig was gone, which they thought meant that he was just working late. But when he pulled back into the lot, his coworkers saw that he had blood on his hands and arms though his explanation was that he had just hid a deer.


Now, like Bobby, John has also passed away. He died in December of 2016 and he, in all his time being alive, never confessed to their murders. More than likely, the cases we've talked about today aren't connected. Jennifer and Kara were probably killed by a stranger, Bobby, someone who offered them a ride who didn't seem too scary. Melissa and Sheila, if the theory is to be believed, were probably killed by an acquaintance John who was trying to get them to go to a party. And then there's Kelly, who was most likely killed by people she knew and trusted people who had been carrying the weight of that night around for decades. And I bet it's pretty heavy knowing what happened to her.


But what is even heavier than that is not knowing her family has waited 40 years to bring her home and give her the burial she deserves. And all it would take is the right person to come forward. So if you want to ease the family's burden or set yours down after all this time, you can call 5 4 1 2 6 5 0 2 8 4 or submit a tip online. We're gonna have the link to that in our show notes.


You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie Podcast dot Com, and you can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We will be back next Monday with a regular episode, but it's the end of the month. Stick around for the good segment. All right, Brit, another month coming to a close. I need another good segment.


Another segment. Yes, take it away. Okay. This is a web submission from Alicia. And just a reminder, guys, you can head to our website to submit your own story. We are all, everyone at audiochuck so obsessed with reading your story. I Was just gonna say, and just so you know, even if it doesn't make it onto the show, the whole thing got started because we have a Slack channel here at the office called the Good. We share them internally, like just to talk about them and be encouraged. Yes, yes. It keeps us going every day. Every single team member looks at that channel daily. Okay, here we go. Hi there, my name's Alicia. I've been listening to your podcast for over a year now, and I've been hooked. Plus it has helped me in ways I could never have imagined.


I've been stalked and harassed by someone for about two years now. This person has followed me since MySpace days, then onto Facebook. At first I thought he was completely harmless until the harassing got next level. Anyways, I decided to document everything. I mean everything between any phone numbers he contacted me on to any information I knew about him. You guys had taught me to document anything, even if it seemed silly. Well, when things got to the next level of stalking and harassment, I decided to finally go to the police about it. Honestly, I was worried they wouldn't believe me, but when I presented them with my whole list of stuff I'd been writing down about the guy, they were so impressed and took it seriously.


All it took was a simple phone call to my harasser to finally get him to stop before we move forward with harassment charges. Because of you guys, I wouldn't have thought to document everything. It's been a year and I haven't heard from him. I'm finally starting to feel safe again. So thank you. I love that. I, I love when people get the education piece outta this episode that's like actually applicable to real life. And that's what so much of it we're not, everyone's like, oh, you, you don't wanna scare people into being paranoid. I say all the time, it's prep paranoid. No, we're not here to like fear monger, but there are things you could do when you find yourself in a situation like this and like trying to find the resources and the understanding the education when you're in the middle of it, can be so hard and overwhelming and yes, daunting.


So I love that when you're, you know, listening to your Monday podcast, if you can take little bits throughout your life and if God forbid you ever find yourself in a situation or a friend or a family member, you know at least where to turn for some resources. And I'm glad we can be there as a resource for people. I know. I love it. Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve?


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Meet the next generation of podcast stars with SiriusXM's. Listen next program presented by State Farm as part of their mission to help voices be heard. State Farm teamed up with SiriusXM to uplift diverse and emerging creators. Tune in to stars and stars with Issa. As host Issa Nakazawa dives into birth charts of her celeb guests. This is just the start of a new wave of podcasting. Visit State Farm dot com to find out how we can help prepare for your future. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.