
Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here. If you love the mystery twists and investigations you hear on this podcast, then you are going to absolutely love my new novel, the Missing Half Set. Where I grew up in Northern Indiana, two young women go missing within weeks of one another. The only trace of them left behind are their cars left abandoned on the side of the road door open key in the ignition. And police are convinced that their cases have to be connected, but they can't solve them and the cases go cold for years. That is until these Girls Sisters team up and do what police never could. But learning the truth sometimes has grave consequences.


And this book will have you questioning how far you would go for someone you love The missing half hit shelves May 6th be the first to solve the mystery by pre-ordering your copy now@ashleyflowers.com or wherever books are sold,


brought to you by the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X card is perfect for you. Earn an unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com for details.


Your kids can finally get the homework help they need. With IXL an online learning program with interactive practice problems for kids from pre-K to 12th grade, my kids' educational needs are vastly different. But I love that IXL is truly a does it all Program that supports both kids in how and what they're learning. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Crime Junkie. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash Crime Junkie. Visit ixl.com/ Crime Junkie to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


Today's episode of Crime Junkie is brought to you by State Farm. Life can throw curve balls when you lease. Expect it a surprise home repair or a life change that leaves you wondering what now? That's when you need someone you can count on with a State Farm agent. You know someone is there to help you choose the coverage you need. With so many coverage options. It feels good to know that you can find what fits for you, whether it's on the phone, online or on the award-winning State Farm mobile app like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today is about how a young man's disappearance revealed a secret life and his secret life made it so much harder for investigators to solve his disappearance. This is the story of Marcus Rutledge.


So it's the afternoon on Monday, June 8th, 1998 and a woman named Tia is getting kind of nervous. She and her 23-year-old boyfriend Marcus Rutledge were supposed to meet up, but he's a no-show. Not even answering his cell phone. She's like calling him and calling him, but she's just not hearing anything back. And when's the last time she spoke to him? So it actually hasn't been very long. I mean, he had spent the night at her place and then took their 2-year-old daughter to daycare at around like 10 o'clock that morning. And they've even honestly talked on the phone since at like one one thirty that afternoon. So truly very little time has passed. It might not even ring alarm bells for some people, but the thing is this is totally uncharacteristic of Marcus not to answer his phone.


And if he did miss a call, he would get back to whoever tried him like ASAP. So right away she knows in her gut that something just doesn't feel right. So she reaches out to Marcus's parents, David and Geraldine known as Jerry, and she's just trying to see if like they have heard anything from him. They're not local, they're in southeast Michigan. While Twan and Marcus both live in Nashville, Tennessee, Marcus had actually moved to Nashville to attend Tennessee State University TSU. But even with the distance, like his family talks to him pretty regularly. So Tani is hoping that they might know where he is, but it turns out they haven't heard from him either. Now according to what his dad, David told our reporter, Nina, when he got that first call from Tia, he understood her concern.


Like Marcus going MIA, even to him is unheard of, but you know, he tries to reassure her at first. Maybe Marcus just got held up somewhere, it'll be fine, just like give it a beat, right? But Tia says that she wants to go to Marcus's duplex apartment to just check on him. So David tells her like, okay, just like keep me posted. And meanwhile, he and Jerry start making a series of unsuccessful calls to Marcus themselves trying to reach him. So when Tia pulls up to Marcus's apartment, his car this red, 1995 Plymouth Neon isn't there. But instead of that reassuring her like, oh, he's just out for some reason, she's actually more convinced than ever that something is up and she needs to get into his apartment Now even though they've been together for a little bit, it doesn't look like she has a key to his place.


So she devises this plan to call Marcus's best friend, Ahan Gibbs Jr. Who basically helps her just break into the place. That feels like a pretty big leave, I guess. I mean I think it's, it's the unanswered phone calls. They just, again, I, I can't, it's so unlike him. So unlike him, even when she calls Ahan, like he doesn't think she's overreacting, he's just as concerned. Mm. So when Ahan gets there, he and Tia break in through a back window and what they find inside just kind of confirms for them that they made the right decision because even though there's no sign of a struggle or foul play, Marcus's Rottweiler is shut in his bathroom with no food or water except like the water in the toilet.


Oh. And they can tell that he's been there for a while because he had eaten part of the bathroom carpet and they know that Marcus would never leave his dog like that. Not even for a short amount of time, let alone for however long it took this dog to start chewing on the rug. So there's no indication that Marcus was planning for any kind of trip, right? Like his clothes are still there. There's no bag or suitcase that's packed or even missing like nothing is standing out to them. So with David and Jerry's encouragement, Tia calls the metropolitan Nashville Police Department that very night and an officer comes to take a missing persons report. Now, initially he gets some basic details about Marcus.


He puts out a bolo for his car, which should stick out because like it has not only is it red but like has Michigan plate still, it's not local right now. Even though there is nothing in his apartment that is obviously out of place. Like it doesn't appear that he was even robbed, nothing like that. David told us that something was taken from Marcus's apartment that day that police do kind of checkout. So Marcus's landline phone was taken, but there's no mystery about who took it. It was Toia. Why? She says apparently it was her phone and she wanted it back. Why did police let her take anything?


I don't know. I don't know if they didn't realize that she even did at first. Like we actually got to speak with Nashville Cold case Detective Matt Filter, he's the one heading up the investigation now, although he wasn't on the force when this all started, but he told us that Tia actually took Marcus's collar ID because apparently she wanted to look for numbers that she might recognize. Like I don't know if the caller ID is like built into the phone. I don't know why she would take it instead of telling police. I was say, but couldn't she have checked it right there at the apartment? I know this part like doesn't totally add up for me, but for whatever reason she took it with her police do though get it back from her pretty quickly like once they realize but it's useless to everyone because Detective Filter says that when she unplugged it at Marcus's house, all of the numbers were automatically erased it.


Like Factory resets it. Yes. And it loses all the Information. So if she was trying to see something, that information is now gone. And that's just one of the things weighing on David and Jerry's minds as they make the 500 plus mile drive to Nashville the next day. So when they arrive, Tia's house is their first stop. Now Tia isn't a stranger to them On like a past trip to Nashville, David and Jerry had taken her and Marcus out to dinner, but this time they're not here for a friendly visit. Like they want answers from her. Yeah, but Tia tells them she has no idea what could have happened to Marcus or where he might be. And the only person she can think of who Marcus spent a lot of time with is Ahan.


So Marcus's parents arranged to meet up with him at their son's duplex, but he doesn't have any insight to share either. He says that he is just as lost as they are and he wants to help them find Marcus any way he can. However, David and Jerry can't help but notice that their son's friend seems awfully nervous. Like he's literally sweating. He can't sit still and there's just this uncomfortable energy that is like vibrating off of him. Had They ever met Ethan before? So they actually know him pretty well because up until a few months ago, Ethan and Marcus shared an apartment. They were roommates, but like Marcus had recently decided to get his own place.


So he moved out, like moved into this duplex that they had now looked at. Did anything prompt that move or was it just like kind of growing up wanting your own space? Yeah, I think you can call it that. I think the two just had like roommate issues, but stuff that like two people who live together might encounter little things that just like get under your skin. Marcus, the Reason you and I have never lived together preach. Marcus had I guess vented to his family about Ahan. He's messy, his bills weren't getting paid on time, like that kind of thing. But even after Marcus moved out, he and Ahan stayed really close friends. So like there is no bad blood between them and honestly Marcus' family had always liked Ahan. He is a respectful guy from a good family. They never had any cause for concern about Marcus being around him.


And even now they're wondering if his reaction is maybe just because of the circumstances. I mean his best friend is now missing, seemingly vanished into thin air. Yeah, but Marcus's sister Felicia notices the same strange vibe when eighth and takes her driving around to look for her brother's missing car. She's like Ethan's acting tense. He's not saying much other than just like suggesting places where they should maybe look for the car. He's saying that he's worried about the whole situation but again, nothing like incriminating. It's just like it could be chalked up to the same thing right now as detectives start digging in, they begin to learn more about Marcus's life.


He has two children, a nearly 4-year-old son with a former girlfriend in Knoxville and a two year-old daughter with Tia. He is super involved with both kids, always checks in with his son, but that child and his mom haven't heard from him either. According to Tennesseean reporter Beth Warren, Marcus had last seen his son in May when they went to the zoo and they had been planning a big party for his upcoming birthday. Was there any relationship Drama? No. No. He gets along well with both of his children's mothers. So like that feels like a quick dead end, which is when they turn to his school, maybe someone at the university there can help them piece things together, right?


But This is where they encountered the first big twist in their investigation. It turns out Marcus has been keeping some major secrets from his family.


Have you experienced serious complications with the Paraguard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Hi everyone, it's Ashley and I am so excited to officially be on the road for the Crime Junkie tour. It has been incredible meeting so many of you face-to-face IRL, but we are just getting started So don't worry if you haven't made it to a show yet. There is still time and I'm going all over the country. We've got more stops coming and I can't wait to visit even more cities and meet even more of you crime junkies. So if you wanna experience Crime Junkie live, grab your tickets now before they sell out at Crime Junkie podcast.com/chore. And trust me, you do not want to miss this case that I have. Everyone is talking about it. So head and get your tickets today at Crime Junkie podcast.com/tour and I'll see you on the road.


So police learn that Marcus actually dropped out of college the year before back in 1997. What? Yeah, he's basically been pretending to be a student ever since and his Family had no Idea. In fact, the last time Marcus visited his parents, which was just a few weeks before he went missing, this was for Memorial Day, he was there for a cookout. He said he left early because he had to study for an exam. Did Twana know? I don't know. So the detective we talked to didn't know either and Nina tried calling the number that Marcus's dad had for Twana. We're not sure if it's still the right number for her anymore.


Like long story short, we haven't been able to talk to her to figure that out. But either way his family was shocked to find this out from police. Yeah, like going to TSU was the entire reason Marcus moved to Nashville in the first place. I mean both his parents went there, he wanted to follow in their footsteps. I mean the wild part is they thought he was close to graduating. It's not just that he was going there, they were expecting to go to a graduation soon. But that's not the only surprise in store for the family because even though doesn't have a criminal record, investigators also learn that he'd been selling weed and they think that he might have started when he was still a student because his clientele seems to mostly be other students.


Like it doesn't seem that he was out on the street stealing and we're talking small scale stuff like not some big time operation. And a actually admits this to police, he says that he and Marcus both sell weed, although I'm not sure if they work together or what. And I don't know if Ethan is the first person that they hear this from or if he's just confirming this info that they learn or already had but he doesn't try to hide it, I think is the main point. But that could be why he's acting so strange around Marcus's family. He knows they're all gonna find out about this and be upset about the drugs Maybe. Yeah, but here's the thing, even while he's being honest about the weed, investigators still can't shake this feeling like Ahan is holding something back.


They just don't know what because like I don't think that all that stuff like just stops after they learn the thing, right? Or what they think could be the thing. Did he know that Marcus had dropped outta school? I assume he knew because they spent a decent amount of time together. I mean like I think I would tell you things I wouldn't necessarily tell my parents, right? Like when I was his age. But there doesn't seem to be any solid confirmation of that. Like it, it's kind of like with Tia, I mean and even his other ex, I don't know what any of them did or did not know about him dropping out of college. But I do know that both women, Tia and his other ex seemed to be aware that he was selling weed. I know that much in an interview with Dateline NBC reporter, Josh Menowitz, his son's mom said that he was doing it to help provide for their child and Tia tells detectives the same thing, that this was just a way he could make enough money to support everyone but whatever the reason his parents are hurt and confuse to find all of this out like this.


Like it completely goes against his upbringing. Like they raised Marcus and his sister in this solid home. They felt that like centered around family, it's centered around church. David is actually an elected official. Jerry is an elementary school teacher. So like selling drugs, lying about being in college, all of this is the last thing they expected from their son. However, speaking of secrets, this wasn't the only time Marcus had kept a big one from his parents. They actually didn't know about their grandson until he was born and Marcus was only 19 at the time. And I don't know how like churchy they raised him, but I can see that maybe being a reason why he hid it.


Yeah, I mean I think he was probably just afraid that David and Jerry would be disappointed in him. Right? And That's probably the reason he kept the school thing to himself. Maybe like the disappointment that like not only is he disappointing them but he's already disappointed them. So it's like one more thing. Right? Had they noticed any changes in Marcus's behavior? Like looking back, like knowing or finding out about all this now? So At that Memorial Day cookout that I mentioned, his sister Felicia thought that he seemed unusually stressed, but when she asked him about it, he just said that he had a lot going on in Nashville. He didn't really elaborate and as far as his parents knew, everything was fine. Like you can chalk stress up to the finals. He said he was gonna go study For and say schooling.


Yeah, right. So you can imagine how overwhelming this is for his family. They are already dealing with him being missing but then to discover that he was living a life they really knew nothing about, it was a lot. And David told us it's like walking through a nightmare. And as investigators dig deeper into Marcus's life, more concerning details emerge. He had gotten into a couple of altercations. One reported to police when it happened about a year before his disappearance and then another just a few months before he went missing. Both incidents were apparently related to him selling weed. Although Detective Filter won't share specifics about those altercations.


Were there people after him? Like was anybody Like not that investigators can tell. I like, I don't think there's anyone specific or if there is, they're not sharing that. It seems like from everything they look at, they can't find any immediate dangers in his life. No one is saying Marcus owed them money. No one has been like making threats to him. But they do discover something interesting back in mid-May. Marcus they find out had rented a car for like 10 days and this stood out because they know that he didn't get into an accident or anything. So it doesn't look like his own car was outta commission or anything.


So Why rent right Now? Did he drive back and forth from Nashville to Knoxville a lot to see his son? You know that's like 360 miles each trip. Maybe he didn't wanna put the miles on his car, but Detective Filter pointed out an alternative possibility. He says that when you're doing something illegal, you might not want to use your own car to do that, but they don't know if he was doing something illegal with the car or what he was using it for in those 10 days. They truly just have no idea, right? He just had a rental for 10 days, right? So they find that out. But then beyond that, not much turns up. There is a recent traffic ticket, some receipts from a car wash, like nothing that points investigators in any real direction.


So here you have this devoted father who has suddenly stopped checking in with his kids, which seems completely out of character, but they've also just learned that he's been living this whole other life that his family knew nothing about and they really can't tell if he left on his own or if something happened to him. But their thinking starts to shift on Tuesday, June 30th. That is when a maintenance man at an apartment complex more than 20 miles from where Marcus lives spots Marcus' missing Plymouth. And this guy tells investigators that this car has been sitting in the same spot at Riverwood Apartments for at least a couple of weeks.


Why is he just calling about it now? Well according to David, the guy contacts police because he saw something on the news about Marcus's disappearance and the car. So maybe he had only just, I mean again, it's not like anything bad about this car, it's just kind of been there. And then once they make known what car everyone's looking for, he's like, oh that's the car. Does Marcus know the one who lives at this complex? No. So that's the thing. As far as anyone knows, Marcus has zero connection to this complex. And while investigators don't find any signs of violence in the car, when they look at it like there's no blood or anything like that, the fact that it's just sitting there abandoned makes them think something bad must have happened to Marcus.


I mean if he wanted to take off and start a new life, like how did He get, how's he gonna get there? The car is the thing You need, right? Right. Like or if you're gonna leave your car behind, like just leave it parked at your place. Why drive 20 miles and then ditch it at this random apartment complex? Right. And what's even more wild is apparently someone had been driving the car around the maintenance man tells detectives that he saw this middle aged guy occasionally using it before it was left there for good around mid-June. So somebody who was definitely not 23-year-old Marcus. Now Detective Filter says that they never identified who this mystery driver was. But he also says that there could be explanations that don't necessarily include this driver being the one who did something to Marcus.


Like he says, there is a world right where someone just handed this person the car without telling them anything about Marcus. Like could have been someone who didn't realize what they were driving around until they had like found out it belonged to a missing person. And then when they did, like that's when they left it there and didn't go back for it. I mean wasn't locked up were the keys there? It wasn't locked. Okay. But Detective Filter couldn't find anything in the reports that indicated if the keys were in it or not. Mm. And the maintenance man had no clue who the driver was by the way. Like hence the vague description. And this is a guy, the maintenance guy, he's like around a lot and he's like, right, I don't recognize him. I hadn't seen him around before. No idea why he was in the complex at all. But it makes you feel like the driver had to have lived there or was close to someone who did live there.


If he like was at the complex, like back and forth a couple times, like he was there and then he wasn't right. And then he like you Would think, but all I know is that according to David Police canvassed the complex and that didn't lead them to Marcus or to anyone who knew Marcus. Yeah, but What about the people who knew the driver? I know we don't know who he is, but like he doesn't live there. But that guy has to have a tie there. To me it it's a chain, right? Like the person in the complex leads you to the driver the driver leads you to who gave him to the car, right? And like if they're, And like that goes all the way back to Marcus and why he doesn't have his car and where he is And if they did have something to do with it, right? And it's not just like, like a car that was given to them or even if again they now know it belongs to a missing person.


Like I don't think they're gonna be like fessing up to knowing him, right? Right. I don't know all the things are possible. It's also possible that the canvassing they did was just light. Again, maybe people were lying or option CI just truly don't know. But they're hopeful that now that they have the car, maybe they can find the driver another way and maybe through forensic evidence. So police have the Plymouth towed to their lab and inside they find a gun that's tucked under the driver's seat. Now is this more evidence of Marcus's double life? Like did the gun belong to the person who was driving the car? Did it belong to Marcus? Like couldn't tell you because it doesn't look like the gun was actually registered to anyone though.


It seems like from, you know what we learned from detective filter that everyone assumes the gun was Marcus's, they also managed to lift two fingerprints from the car, one from inside the driver's side window and then another from a rented VHS tape that they find in the car. And the print from the tape leads nowhere. The detective told us, they confirmed it belonged to an employee at the video rental place, which is like, give me an older sentence, right? And the fingerprint on the window, they eliminated Ahan and Toya as the sources of it. But they didn't like eliminate anyone else. They couldn't determine who it belonged to. Here's the wild part to me they said it could be Marcus's because detective filter says they don't have his prints on file.


But like here's where I get a little skeptical, like sure Marcus was never arrested so his prints weren't in the system. Right? But they have access to his apartment. Like couldn't they have lifted his prints from there to compare? I mean you'd think So those two prints were the only prints in the car, right? Like I guess I thought you were saying that those were the only prints that weren't his. Those are the only prints that were identifiable. So detective filter Not like smudged or smeared or incomplete. Yeah, detective Filter told us it the car was examined meticulously is what he said. And that it didn't appear to be wiped down or anything like that. That's a question we asked. Yeah, but he says he also can't say for sure again he wasn't on the case back then.


So from what I can tell, those are the ones that were, they were able to pull. And here's the thing, prince aside, what really concerns investigators is what they don't find in the car. Which is any proof that Marcus was alive after June 8th. All of the receipts, everything in the car predates his disappearance. Now meanwhile, so they find this Marcus's family is back in Michigan at this point trying to process their new reality to David and Jerry. Each revelation about their son feels like another piece of the puzzle. One that they never thought they would have to solve. His student loan notices are starting to come in the mail, which is this reminder of a life that he was supposed to be building and there's something else that's coming in.


Something far stranger than student loan bills.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Hi everyone, it's Ashley and I am so excited to officially be on the road for the Crime Junkie tour. It has been incredible meeting so many of you face-to-face IRL, but we are just getting started. So don't worry if you haven't made it to a show yet. There is still time and I'm going all over the country. We've got more stops coming and I can't wait to visit even more cities and meet even more of you crime junkies. So if you wanna experience Crime Junkie live, grab your tickets now before they sell out at Crime Junkie podcast.com/chore. And trust me, you do not want to miss this case that I have. Everyone is talking about it. So head and get your tickets today at Crime Junkie podcast.com/tour and I'll see you on the road shortly after their son goes missing, Jerry and David start getting these strange phone calls on their home phone in Michigan.


The phone will ring and ring, but when they pick up it's nothing. Just silence on the other end. And Jerry, they don't just like say hello and stop talking to me. Jerry pleads with the caller like, Marcus, if this is you, please just say something. But whoever is on the other end never speaks. And Felicia remembers it happening like two or three times in those first couple of months. And according to an article by Jax Miller for Oxygen Network, Marcus's son's mom was getting the same kind of unsettling quiet calls. DUIs, police try to trace these calls. Not that I'm aware of.


Like I, I don't know if they even try to begin with or if the problem was like, from what I can tell, there's no pattern to this or anything. So I don't know if they just think they're weird or if they just didn't care enough to do it. I don't know. But these calls do give his loved ones hope that Marcus is still out there, maybe, maybe still alive. Investigators though they are not as optimistic, the calls are, like I said, super sporadic. Months will go by without a single one and in that time the leads are even fewer. So almost as quickly as it all begins, the case goes cold police don't have enough to work with, no real trail to follow.


All of the fragments that they've uncovered about Marcus haven't even fit together into any kind of coherent picture. No one they speak with seems to have the whole story. Well, almost no one, they're still pretty sure that Ahan knows way more than he's letting on. Maybe he doesn't know exactly what happened to Marcus, but Detective Filter believes that he had some idea of what happened or who might have been involved. 'cause even though he was upfront about, you know, selling weed for whatever reason after that and beyond that point, it appears that he kind of just shut down. And while it's possible that given time he might have decided to share more, that is a chance that he doesn't get.


Because little do detectives know they are about to have a new case to work and their victim will be eighth. So let me take you to February, 1999. By now Marcus has been missing for about eight and a half months and the case is at a complete standstill. Investigators are convinced that Ahan knows more than he's letting on, but he's not talking. Now around this time, Ahan is tied up with someone new, this brand new roommate of sorts, this guy named Charles D. Brown Jr. And this new arrangement is raising some eyebrows, especially with Han's brother Jonathan. Jonathan has been staying with Ahan, but as soon as Charles moves in, Jonathan's like I'm piecing out for a bit.


Like he just wants to get away from the guy because Charles is one of a's closest friends, but Jonathan has never approved of him. He didn't think that Charles was the type of person his brother should hang out with. And there was definitely reasons for concern. So according to articles in the Tennessean by Kirk Loggins and Kathy Carlson, Charles had pass arrests for aggravated assault, unlawful weapon possession and selling and possessing weed. He had also been shot and shot someone during an attempted home invasion. That happened. Interestingly, that attempted home invasion happened one day after Marcus went missing. You know, we don't believe in coincidences anymore, Right?


So let me rewind real quick and tell you about this home invasion because the details are interesting to say the least. So in the morning on June 9th, 1998, three or four masked men broke into Charles' apartment. And at the time he was living with his girlfriend and two young children and everyone was home. When the intruders broke in, they demanded money and then they started shooting. They're like spraying bullets everywhere with at least two guns. Charles gets shot five times and somehow not only did he manage to survive, he also returned fire and hit one of the gunmen who then took off. And John Yates reported something really intriguing for the Tennessean Witnesses told police that they saw the suspect's flee from Charles's place in two vehicles, including a red one that they thought looked like a Chevy Corsica.


And when I googled a red Chevy Corsica, it looks an awful lot like Marcus's then missing red Plymouth, which I actually have the photos to show you because it's just two bonkers. Okay, so this one is the Corsica and this is the Ashley. They're like Identical. They're kind of like the same car. They definitely look incredibly similar. I mean like if you weren't like a car Person, right? Or like not even a car person, but like you knew your makes and models, I you could easily mix those up. Anyway, within an hour of the home invasion, a man named James Cowen shows up at the hospital with multiple gunshot wounds. Coen tells police some story about getting shot from a car, but court records show that the bullet recovered during his surgery matched a gun that the shooters left behind at Charles's apartment.


So I'm guessing that Coen was hit by maybe friendly fire during the chaos. 'cause again, it didn't come from like Charles's gun, supposedly it was a gun left behind. Again, I, I don't know if that matters or what not, but whatever. Now this Coen guy was no stranger to detectives. He was actually a potential suspect in six homicides. Oh my God. Yeah. As far as I can tell, Cowan was never arrested for murder. He was however arrested and convicted of attempted first degree murder, especially aggravated robbery and aggravated burglary for the home invasion on Charles. And he was sentenced to six decades in prison because of the violent nature of the crime and his extensive rap sheet, which included multiple drug related felonies.


Now in connection to all of this, Charles wasn't arrested since he was acting in self-defense, but investigators didn't believe that Coen and the crew he came with just randomly chose Charles's house to Rob. Did they arrest anyone else in connection to it? I mean it's, it was more than one person, right? It Was, but as far as I know, they didn't like arrest anyone or charge anyone except for Cowan. Did they recover? The gun used to shoot at Charles. So that's Not totally clear from the court records. They say they were covered two guns, they were covered, a nine millimeter found in the backyard and they had Charles's gun, which is a 3 57 revolver. But there were at least three guns involved because according to testimony, at one point during this struggle, an accomplice of Cowans threw him a quote unquote big gun when the first gun that he was using ran outta ammunition.


What about the gun in Marcus's car? Well, so at the time this is happening, I mean they're not gonna find that for weeks, right? But when they do find it, I know that they run the bullets through their database to check for links to other crimes, but nothing comes up. So I don't think that gun was used in this. Okay, if that's what you're getting at, yeah. Okay, so that happens. Now let's jump back to February of 1999. According to Kirk Loggins on the 18th informs his brother that Charles is gonna crash with them, right? And so this is when Jonathan's like, mm, don't like this guy. I'm gonna peace out. A couple of days after that, Ahan tells him that Charles was quote unquote going crazy. Like apparently he was super paranoid.


He was saying that his girlfriend was trying to have him killed. But it's not like Jonathan moved away. I mean I don't think Charles was supposed to be a permanent fixture. He just needed to crash for a couple of days. So the night of Tuesday, February 23rd, Jonathan comes back to the house and when he pulls up the door to the duplex is wide open and when he makes his way inside, they're on the floor. He sees his brother a Ethan's body stiff and cold. He had been shot multiple times. Now police believe that Ahan was actually killed days before he was found sometime before noon that past Sunday. They also think that there might have been more than one weapon used and shell casings that they find appear to be from a 40 caliber gun.


Now they don't see any signs of forced entry, although they do notice that something is missing. Han's White Pontiac Grand Am. But the next day someone spots this vehicle in Nashville's Inglewood neighborhood, which is like 18 miles from a's apartment and they recognize it from the news reports. Mm. This is feeling too similar, right? And a's aunt tells Kathy Carlson that his family doesn't know of any connections that he has to that area. Of course. Now obviously the biggest difference between Marcus and a Ethan's cases are that Ahan is clearly a homicide he's been found while Marcus is still a missing person.


Right? And while detectives are still basically in the dark about what happened to Marcus, they've got a pretty good theory forming about who might be responsible for a Ethan's murder. It's Gotta be Charles. Yeah. And mostly because an Inglewood woman IDs him as the guy that she saw leaving a Ethan's car on her street the day before his body was found. Wait, How old is Charles? I I'm wondering if he could have been the one seen driving Marcus's car. No, that they thought that guy was middle aged. Charles is like Marcus's age. So like 23 early twenties. Okay. Right. But still police can't ignore how sketchy his behavior gets. Kirk Loggins reported that Charles skips a's funeral and completely ghost police when they try to question him further.


A friend who hung out with Charles and Ahan over the weekend tells investigators that Charles was seriously worried about his own safety possibly because of that home invasion that we talked about. Now Charles was apparently so convinced that someone was after him that he was wearing a bulletproof vest around and he had at least two guns in his SUV including a 40 caliber like the shell casings found at the scene. So talking or not, they do have enough on him to charge him with a Ethan's murder in early March. And after a few days on the run he ends up turning himself in. Hold Up. What's the motive? Charles got paranoid and then just snapped on Ahan?


No. So Not likely. Detective filter actually refers to a's murder, as drug related 'cause he believes that Ahan was selling weed when he was killed. So he was wrapped up in what could have been a dangerous crowd. Although if he was, I mean he was clearly keeping some secrets of his own from certain family members because his aunt says that Ahan was working as a tax consultant at his father's like income tax business. So I don't know that they're connecting it to like Charles's paranoia like it or if they're saying the paranoia is separate and Charles did it because it was a drug thing, I don't know, it's a little like convoluted and muddy either way. At first, investigators suspect that there could be a connection between a's murder and Marcus's disappearance.


And when the Rutledge family hears about a Ethan's death, they can hardly believe it. Marcus's sister Felicia is devastated. 'cause in her mind Ahan was the one person who could fill in maybe someday all the blanks about her brother and now he's gone. But Charles's arrest is a hopeful sign for Marcus's dad David because he figures that once police start like pushing on Charles, maybe the dam will burst and maybe they can finally find his son. But here comes another unexpected twist.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Hi everyone, it's Ashley and I am so excited to officially be on the road for the Crime Junkie tour. It has been incredible meeting so many of you face-to-face IRL, but we are just getting started. So don't worry if you haven't made it to a show yet. There is still time and I'm going all over the country. We've got more stops coming and I can't wait to visit even more cities and meet even more of you crime junkies. So if you wanna experience Crime Junkie live, grab your tickets now before they sell out at Crime Junkie podcast.com/tour. And trust me, you do not want to miss this case that I have. Everyone is talking about it. So head and get your tickets today at Crime Junkie podcast.com/tour and I'll see you on the road.


I wish I could tell you more about what investigators learn from Charles, but there is not much info available. We know that a preliminary hearing is held later that March. Charles is emotional, he's sobbing at times and like shaking his head throughout the proceedings, the judge finds sufficient evidence to send the case to a grand jury, but it doesn't look like Charles is ever actually indicted. Or if he is, the DA decides not to pursue it because the murder charge just disappears. What, how, I guess there just wasn't enough to move forward. I mean the headline for Kirk login's article about the prelim was literally hearing short on evidence in Bellevue slaying.


So the evidence presented by the state, I mean we know was mostly circumstantial. Like, I mean they had witnesses who could talk about Charles's behavior, they could talk about the fact that he had guns, but they couldn't actually connect him to the murder itself or even, like I said, establish a clear timeline or motive. But I thought his gun was used to kill Ahan. No, he just had the same type of gun. Oh, as the one used to kill Ahan. What about that witness who idd him dropping Ethan's car though? Not enough. Detective Filter thinks that the DA in the end just like wasn't confident that they could get a conviction. So they just dismissed the charges, probably hoping that they'd be able to build a stronger case later.


But for whatever reason that never happened. A Ethan's murder is still considered unsolved today. And when it comes to any connection between a Ethan's murder and Marcus going missing, while there might be some witness overlap between the investigations, police say they've never been able to establish any direct link between the two though it's interesting. Detective Filters says that as far as he can tell from the case file, investigators only really looked at Charles like there's nothing showing that they ever dug into Cowen or his associates in connection with Marcus's disappearance. And then we asked him about it, he told us like, yeah, you know that's an angle maybe worth exploring, which like, yeah, But no one has in oh about three decades.


No, I mean to me the timing alone, the home invasion a day after he went missing. Not to mention the red car stuff. I know It definitely raises like a couple of questions at least. Right. Plus we know that Cowen was already being looked at for other violent crimes at that point, right? So I don't know. Love to see. We'll have to wait and see if Filter pursues that lead. Oh, and we actually did try and like get in touch with Cowan who was actually released from prison more than a decade ago and is out there on parole. But we couldn't reach him and Charles who has been in and out of lockup over the years for various crimes, he is in prison now on drug related charges.


So we couldn't make contact with him. Now whether or not any of these guys were involved, police still believe that Ahan knew more than he led on and that he took some secrets about Marcus' disappearance to his grave. Do they have any theories about where Marcus could be? I mean as similar and connected as these cases seem, it stands out so much that Marcus just vanished while Ethan was just shot and left in his home on the floor. Like why the difference? Well, I mean they don't have any theories on a connection because they can't prove the cases are connected at all. So like without that link you can't even build upon that.


Right? Right. Like they're just stuck. So that was pretty much it. Like years past tips aren't coming in, media coverage is minimal and the case just sits there. But around 2010 something significant does happen. The Rutledge family learns that Marcus had another big secret. They find out that he had a daughter With who? Tia Another One. No, Bri, they never knew he had a daughter. How Is that even possible? I mean didn't investigators know? So they did. I don't know how this happened, but it looks like they never communicated that to his family, which like why would you?


Right? Like I can maybe they thought like, oh surely they know about this grandchild. Yeah, There's no need to bring up something so obvious, Right? But like Wouldn't it come up when the police were getting basic information? Like if his parents had mentioned their grandson, wouldn't someone have said like, oh, and what about your granddaughter? You would think, but it didn't happen. And I guess like the part that I can't get over is like the fact that Tia never mentioned it either, which makes you wonder like what other secrets she had because that feels like a secret. It doesn't feel like something that just like gets missed. Right? Like they come, they have dinner with her before. Yeah, they're like, they're all, She's like a main contact when Marcus goes missing.


Like they're in and when she, they're in communication with her. Yeah And you would think when she calls them to be like, oh he's like he's not answering his phone. Oh when's the last time you saw him When he went to drop our daughter off at daycare? That's how we started the story. Yeah. So it feels like something that got intentionally left out. I don't know. I wish we could talk to her but we haven't been able to get ahold of her. Like I said, I mean how did they even find out about their granddaughter? I don't know the exact details of how this unfolds. I just know that Marcus's son somehow connected with her on Facebook and then that's when the rest of the family found out. So like it's fuzzy. But this is one of those that even though it's a shock, it's at least a good surprise.


Like they have another little piece of Marcus to hold onto. And despite Marcus keeping her a secret, I have to imagine that even he'd be happy knowing that they all have finally found each other. And just in time because in 2015 Marcus's mom, Jerry passes away and then in 2020 detective filter who is in the Nashville PDs cold case unit, this is when he picks up the investigation for what started as like a pretty routine reason. Basically they were doing like DNA housekeeping, they only have DNA from one of Marcus's kids in codis. So Filter wanted to get more family profiles into the system so that they can be prepared if they ever need to make comparisons, if they ever find remains.


Did Something specific prompt that like were there remains that could have been his, that were found? Nothing like that. I think he just wanted to be proactive. He was making sure all of their bases were covered and that DNA update was going to be the extent of it. But once he started talking to David and learning more about Marcus, he just like, I don't know the case, like latched onto him. He like kept digging. He wanted to see if he could help the ruts like get some answers some way. Hi me. Big update. So that was kind of where our episode was supposed to end. Brit and I wrapped it up, did the usual call to action. But literally just this last week, like right as we were about to release this episode, something huge happened, a major break in the case on January 31st, police announced that Marcus' remains have been found.


There was a skull that had been found by a hunter back on December 8th, 2010 in some woods near Ashland City Highway and Pecan Valley Road that is nearly 13 miles from where Marcus's car was found and 30 miles from his apartment. Now the sequence of events is a little baffling for me and I'm sure frustrating for Marcus's family who are still coping with the news. And I say baffling because DNA from this unidentified skull wasn't uploaded to CODIS until a month after we interviewed the police. So we interviewed them in October and then the me submitted the skull DNA to CODIS in November.


This is of 2024 and we don't know why it took so long. Marcus's DNA had been in CODIS for years and you heard right before our like record scratch moment that even more of his family's DNA had been added by Detective Filter to ensure that there would be enough to get a match to any unidentified remains that might surface the DNA match that they got was a match to DNA collected from Marcus's daughter. It's just a shame that it didn't come 14 years sooner 'cause it puts detectives even further behind than they would've been in 2010. Detective Filter told us it is unclear if police searched the woods thoroughly at the time when the skull was found.


So he is planning to do a search of his own, hoping to find more because unfortunately, even though they now know where Marcus has been, the skull hasn't told them much. There were no wounds or markings on it that gave a clue as to how Marcus was killed. But detectives are clear that they do believe Marcus was killed and this missing person's case is now actively being worked as a homicide, which filter believed was the case even before finding Marcus's skull. He believes that Marcus's involvement in selling weed likely played a role in his death. The problem is, even after this major breakthrough, police still have not gotten a single solid lead.


I'm not kidding you not even one and Detective Filter doesn't think this case is going to be solved by science. What they need is for someone who knows the truth to finally start talking. Now, Marcus's family, they were holding out hope for so long that he was still alive. Like they held out that hope till the very end. It's what our whole ending was about. So this news was devastating to them. But maybe now that everyone knows where he was and where he was found, it could help connect some of the dots about what happened in those crucial days after June 8th, 1998. They are convinced someone out there knows exactly what happened to him and maybe you're that someone.


So if you have any information about the death of Marcus Rutledge or even Han's Murder, contact the metro Nashville Police Department Crime Stoppers division at 6 1 5 7 4 crime at 6 1 5 7 4 2 7 4 6 3. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. You can also follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie podcast And we'll be back next week with a brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve?


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit i uud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your health matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.


Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here. If you love diving into mysteries and exploring the unexplained, but sometimes wonder if the answers lie just beyond the edge of what we know, your next listen should be So supernatural. Every week I handpick the most bizarre mind-bending mysteries for my friends rash and Yvette to look into from eerie disappearances, to encounters that defy explanation. Rash and Yvette dive deep into every possibility, paranormal, scientific, and everything in between. So if you're ready to explore the unknown, then join us on So Supernatural Over 100 episodes are available now and new stories are explored every Friday. Listen to So Supernatural now, wherever you listen to podcasts.