
Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here. If you're like me, diving into true crime is about more than just the details of a case. It is also about giving a voice to the victims and understanding the lives behind the headlines. And this is what host Kylie Lowe does each week on her podcast, dark Down East. Every Thursday, Kylie dives into New England's most gripping mysteries, uncovering stories in a way you won't hear anywhere else. And she digs through archives, connects with families, and shines a light on the voices that deserve to be heard from cold cases to moments of long away to justice. Dark down East is the perfect blend of investigations and honoring the stories behind them. You can find dark down East now wherever you're listening,


Whether your kid is struggling or soaring, IXL can make a difference. IXL is an award-winning online learning platform covering math, language arts, science and social studies. pre-K through 12th grade, we've been using IXL with May since before she was even in school. And now that she's in first grade, it's been a huge help. She was really struggling with some vowel sounds in reading and we were able to go to IXL find exactly the exercises she needed to practice those elements and become a better reader. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now. Crime Junkie listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash Crime Junkie.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp, thinking back at how mental health was discussed when I was younger, to how comfortable I am talking about my and their mental health with my kids. The difference is staggering. BetterHelp is over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist. BetterHelp is fully online, affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. We're all better with help. Our listeners can get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash Crime Junkie. That's better. HEL p.com/ Crime Junkie.


One thing is for certain criminals don't want a witness. With Simply Safe's active guard outdoor protection live agents are ready to identify threats and intervene 24 7. If someone's lurking or acting suspicious agents respond in real time talking to them, activating spotlights, and even calling police before they get inside. As a longtime SimpliSafe user I'll never take for granted the peace of mind my SimpliSafe home security system has given me year in and year out. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And The story I have for you today is one of the ones that will leave you furious because there should be a conclusion. Police think that they know who did it, but because of a technicality, prosecutors won't prosecute. So two families are left wondering what to do when the people in charge throw their hands up and say there's nothing they can do. And be sure to listen all the way to the end because the cracks in the system have left a predator out there walking free among us. This is the story of Kayla Williams and Heather Higgins.


There are plenty of things that parenting books just can't prepare you for. I had literal classes as an adult like to be a foster parent. Nothing actually ever truly prepares You a hundred percent and I guarantee you what's not in the book is how to talk to your 12-year-old after they discover human remains in the woods. Oh, that is exactly the scenario. One father found himself in on Mother's Day 2012 after his son came running home telling him that he and his two friends found something in the woods by their house in Spokane, Washington. Now what dad and later the police that he calls in find in that wooded area just off of a narrow walking path in a small ditch is the upper part of a body peeking out from between torn black trash bags.


Soon the area is swarming with officers. Investigators are there crime scene technicians, you name it. And one officer as he is standing over the remains spots another bundle of trash bags haphazardly hidden underneath a pile of sticks and branches about four to five feet away. And although he can't see what's inside, it's the right size to be the other half of their victim. Now there isn't any blood anywhere around which tells them that whatever happened to this poor person, it probably didn't happen here. This is just a dump site, but there's more to collect than just the bags that the victim was found in. Investigators also find a bloody hand towel, a blanket, a black camera strap with teeth marks on it.


But according to police documents, those teeth marks look to just be from animals. But the whole thing is that it smells heavily of decomposition. So while they meticulously collect evidence from the forest floor, their victim is sent off piece by piece for an autopsy. And at the examiner's office the remains are carefully unwrapped, layer by layer they realize that the victim is young, it's a female in her like early adulthood. She's white with long blonde hair and her body has been cut in half at the waist. Now starting with her upper body, they find a towel knotted around her neck, covering her lower face with strands of black electrical tape like entangled in it and her clothing, a sweater t-shirt and camil had been cut vertically from the bottom up and shoved around her shoulders beneath her body.


Her bra, which was also cut in between the cups is beneath her. Then found in the layers of plastic is her underwear also cut and her clothing is discolored. Not from the blood though it looks like her clothing is discolored from bleach, like that's what the stains look like. Oh, That's not good news. They're gonna be screwed getting any sort of evidence or yeah, Samples I know off of her body then I know and it's not much better for her lower body. So her lower body, which was in that second bundle, is wrapped not just in plastic bags and the tape, but also an orange sleeping bag with a plaid interior. Now it is zipped closed with more of that black electrical tape wrapped around it.


And in between all of the bags, layers are more towels, a pair of boxer shorts and some sort of black strap material. And then they find a pair of men's size 36 jeans with a black synthetic belt. Now, whereas her top half was still clothed even though it was cut, her lower half is completely nude. Save for the socks still on her feet. It's not immediately apparent how long she's been out in the woods or even when she died. I mean it's been pretty cool in Spokane as winter turns to spring. So despite some decomp and some animal activity, she is relatively well preserved and it's because of that preservation that they're able to quickly identify her via fingerprints as 20-year-old Kayla Williams.


Kayla's not completely unknown to police in Spokane. She'd been arrested before, although I can't really find out exactly what for and I know at one time she had been reported missing by her brother, which is like a little over a month ago. He reported her missing on April 2nd, but they think that she might've actually been missing for a little while by that point. You see, her family had gotten worried when she didn't meet her mom, Martine for church a few weeks in a row like the two of them had this routine. Kayla didn't live at home, but she and her mom always made sure to attend church twice a week with one another. Like this was the thing that provided stability in what was otherwise a pretty turbulent time for Caleb because she'd been struggling with substance use disorder.


So you know when they finally realized she's gone to report her missing, there had been a little bit of a police search for her, which didn't result in much of anything. And the TLDR of all of it is basically that she had been living with a few people in an apartment. One of those people was including her, like maybe current maybe ex-boyfriend, this guy named Matt. And he was obviously one of the first people that they wanted to talk to. But one of the guys that they were living with said that Matt had moved out of state right around the same time that Kayla went missing. Now you'll see that if you go out and read about this, but that turned out actually not to be true. They ended up tracking Matt down at the apartment that they all shared just a few days later.


So Matt said that he hadn't seen Kayla since around the end of March, but he made it clear that he wasn't interested in having her in his life anymore. He allegedly also struggled with substance use disorder. And the last time that he'd seen her, he had been trying to avoid anything or anyone triggering and Kayla was still using at the time. So I guess he told her to leave the apartment and that he says is the last time he saw her. So because they didn't really get anywhere, the search for Kayla ultimately stalled, but her family never stopped looking for her. So on May 13th, that same family is watching the news.


Kayla's mom has it on as her husband is getting ready for work. And when she sees a news segment about the body of a young woman being found, she says she like knows instinctively that it's her daughter. And later that day, in another moment that no parenting book can ever prepare you for, she opens the door to investigators there to give her the worst news of her life. And they have so many questions like when, why, who? I mean it's something Martine can't stop thinking about as they're finishing her daughter's autopsy. She and investigators are hoping that the results will answer at least some of the questions, but ultimately it doesn't.


In fact, it only results in more questions because despite police telling the public that Kayla had signs of significant trauma, despite the fact that she was dismembered, despite noting cut like defects on her hands and a stab wound on her thigh, despite looking as though she had what looks like bleach poured on her, Dr. John Howard can't determine exactly how she died. So he rules her cause and her manner of death as undetermined what I get. Cause if you can't determine the cause of death but Manner, I know Okay, my mind is reeling, but does he at least determine if it's actually bleach on her?


So as far as the bleach, so not early on, according to the documents we have, I know testing does happen later, okay, but in that moment I don't know how much they're even taking the bleach into account, which is like a bananas thing to say. Yeah. And basically at first I guess this guy is like, well she might have overdosed and maybe someone she was with might have disposed of her body, which Is still a crime by the way. It is not a homicide though. And also not even like something worth picking apart in my mind because like hi, you can test for drugs. Yeah, so like let's just do that. Let's stop guessing. So fast forward to when the tox screen comes back, it shows that while she did have meth in her system, there wasn't nearly enough to have killed her yet for some reason this isn't enough to change anything for the me.


Okay, no overdose. But he still doesn't know the cause. So he doesn't think he can rule on manner, which I have seen trip up so many cases. A lot of times it becomes this like finger pointing game where investigators will kind of wash their hands of it. They're like, well there's no crime, like we can't investigate, right? But at least this time around, no one in charge of the investigation like, or at least on that side of things, has any doubt about what this is. According to an episode of the show's still a mystery titled Depth of depravity to them. This is a homicide. Yeah. And thankfully at the autopsy swabs were taken as well as fingernail clippings.


So they asked for those to be sent off for DNA testing along with all those other items from the scene. And while they wait for results, the investigation keeps moving forward, albeit slowly they did some initial canvassing around where Kayla's body was found. I don't know what you were picturing initially, but this wooded area isn't remote. We're talking about like a pretty residential area. So there were some initial hopes that maybe someone witnessed a person disposing of two large trash bags. But unfortunately whoever brought Kayla there got lucky. The only thing they took away from their door knocking was the knowledge that this is a pretty quiet spot with the occasional disturbance from teenagers partying in the area.


Although for the last couple of months the usual gaggle of teens haven't been coming around. Some neighbors also mention this older man who they say they've seen before and he like makes some people in the area uncomfortable. But spoiler alert, they end up finding the guy and end up ruling him out. So they decide to focus on the people they know who were connected to. Kayla, starting with Matt,


When it comes to spending, sometimes it's out of sight, out of mind, that daily coffee habit, those streaming subscriptions, they add up fast without you even noticing. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to 740 a year when they use all the app's premium features the way Rocket Money found subscriptions. I truly don't remember signing up for Astounding. And I did recognize some of them because I tried to unsubscribe from them before. But after like step 15 out of who knows how many I'd just given up but never fear Rocket Money is here and just a few clicks all my unwanted subscriptions had disappeared. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/ Crime Junkie today. That's rocket money.com/ Crime Junkie rocket money.com/ Crime Junkie.


In 19 32, 1 man opened a two room business school above a nondescript storefront in downtown Manchester, New Hampshire. How did it become one of the largest universities in the country? Okay, this case isn't exactly a mystery. Southern New Hampshire University offers over 200 degrees you can earn from your couch and with low online tuition. Southern New Hampshire University makes earning your degree affordable too. Find your degree@snu.edu slash Crime Junkie. That's sn HU do edu slash Crime Junkie.


Matt mostly repeats what he said when Kayla first came up missing that he hadn't seen her since like late March, but he clarifies that it wasn't that uncommon for her to leave for days at a time. So not seeing her for a few weeks didn't raise too many red flags for him at first, even though, by the way might be worth mentioning, I have her cell phone. That's what he tells police according to an article in the spokesman review. He tells the police that she had left it at the apartment likely because she had run outta minutes and then just didn't take it with her. A search warrant allows investigators to take a look at her calls and text messages and they read that one of the last messages she sent was on March 18th to a friend and mentor.


This friend says that she last saw Kayla on March 18th as well and she had been living on the streets after a fight with Matt. The friend told police that Kayla hadn't been doing well, but she was gonna try to patch things up with Matt and Did she? Well that's unclear 'cause I don't know the exact date Matt last saw her. He just says late March and we tried to talk to him for this episode, but all of our attempts to reach out to him have been unsuccessful. And was her phone really like out of minutes or disconnected or whatever? Oh Girl. I wish I had more details around her phone. I just don't have anything like nothing beyond the information I just gave you has been reported and anyone we spoke to for this episode couldn't tell us if there was anything else of interest on the phone.


If they looked, if they did like a full forensic sweep, like I got nothing. Where we do find something of interest is in all those results that come back from the lab. Now, not everything they sent in for testing resulted in something usable. Like none of the swabs gave them anything that they could work with at the time. The boxer shorts found at the scene however, are a different story. They come back with a full DNA profile that is a match to a 42-year-old man named Robert Davis. And Robert is a bad dude. He has a string of past convictions and allegations behind him, including a really violent sexual assault from 2007.


Apparently that April, 2007 he had gone into the apartment of a woman named Dawn and she reported that he choked her into unconsciousness and sexually assaulted her. According to Thomas Klaus's reporting for the spokesman review, she survived and a sexual assault kit proved his DNA was all over her, but for some reason he was never officially charged with anything. How is that even possible? I don't know because some of the reporting on this is like conflicting. Like I've seen some reports saying that Dawn didn't wanna push forward and then I've seen others where the investigators and the prosecutors just dropped the ball. Okay, but now they've got his full DNA profile on these boxers in Kayla's Case.


Yeah, and not just the boxers. So here's the other thing. They found two major DNA profiles under Kayla's nails too. And the direct comparison proves that one of those is this Robert Guy. Okay, but then who's the other? Well the other profile belongs to Matt, which might not be all that surprising. I mean remember she'd been talking about patching things up with him to her friend, like we know they have a relationship or had and we still don't know when she died. So if it was right after she saw him, that might explain it. I mean having Robert's DNA under her nails and his boxers and knowing his history, like they're much more interested in him even more so when a bunch more from the scene gets tested and it all keeps coming back as a match to him.


The black electrical tape around her neck, those jeans that camera strap found near her body, it all has his DNA on it. Now I do need to mention that there is one other profile found on the fly of the boxers. That profile does get matched to a guy named David. But as far as I can see, his DNA isn't anywhere else on her body or the other pieces of evidence. And based on the police docs that we have access to and the interviews that our team conducted for this case, it seems like he's never been considered a person of interest in Kayla's death. He's just like a blip in the DNA evidence. Yeah, it is all about Robert Davis. So on July 25th, this is more than two months after Kayla's body was found, they track him down and speak with him.


Robert explains that he does know Kayla but not very closely. He says that he only knows her through Matt. He would purchase drugs from Matt and the few times that he did. So Kayla was there too, but that was it. He says they never hung out, they never had sex. Although he does admit that he probably wouldn't tell police if they had had sex. So Cool, Cool, cool, cool. Yeah, I mean it's honest, but like here's where it gets weird If investigators confronted him about his DNA being freaking everywhere, it is not in the documentation I've seen. And so he's not arrested. What? Because, and this is where we get our hiccup that comes back to bite us.


Even though they have investigated and even though they have linked all this stuff in and around the bags with her dismembered body to a very bad guy known for very bad stuff. It's not a Homicide test. Technically there isn't a murder. Right? Which makes no sense to me. Like we can put you with her before she died when you're saying you weren't like we got you. Yeah, But apparently it's not enough for them though they aren't totally walking away either. At one point I guess they go talk with Robert's mother Elle. He had like lived with her off and on. But according to a timeline published by the Spokesman review, she claims she doesn't know anything either.


So like I think they're at least trying to dig and like build something but they don't get anywhere like at first. But it was worth going to talk to her. 'cause a few days later on August 1st she contacts police like out of the blue and she says, listen, I don't know anything about Kayla's murder. But a couple of years ago my son came home and he confessed to disposing of a different body. So maybe I should tell you about that. Yeah, you think she says that two years ago, which would have been in 2010, Robert came home acting really anxious and eventually he told his mom that these two guys had killed a woman named Heather Higgins and forced him to help dispose of her body.


So he put her body in a sleeping bag and dumped her down a steep hill somewhere north of Spokane. And a sleeping bag feels like a really important Detail here. That's what Kayla's found in too, right? Her lower half. Now Rainelle tells police that she didn't come forward then because she frankly just didn't believe him at the time. Like because of his substance abuse. Like she didn't trust a lot of what he said and she kind of just chalked it up to him being worked up over nothing. But the thing is, 39-year-old Heather Higgins really did go missing back in 2010. And she still hadn't been found by the time they're talking to this woman.


By this point, the news that parts of Kayla's body had been placed in a sleeping bag wasn't known to the public either. Oh, and investigators don't think it's a coincidence. Yeah, and that's not the only similarity between Heather and Kayla either. The investigation into Heather's disappearance was just as lackluster as the police search for Kayla had been, if not more so just like Kayla's mom had realized something was wrong, it was Heather's mom Jackie who first sounded the alarm.


It's hard to find a real partner in crime, but for those of you without an Ashley in your corner, don't worry. T-Mobile 5G Home internet is like the cutting co-host you didn't know you were missing with wifi mesh. Those spots where your wifi wasn't great before can now be great and you can catch the latest TV shows and movies because Hulu with ads and Paramount Plus essential are included in your plan. So it's easy to get why T-Mobile is ranked number one in customer satisfaction for home wireless internet nationwide by JD Power. That's right. T-Mobile has home internet with great benefits and it comes with a five year price guarantee. When I'm getting deep into a case, I can be streaming the latest true crime documentary and writing down notes and questions and ideas. All thanks to T-Mobile's 5G Home internet with a range of plans that suit our budget. Check availability at T-Mobile dot com slash home internet exclusions like taxes and fees apply guarantees regular monthly rate plan price of fixed wireless 5G internet data with qualifying service. Additional terms apply for JD Power 2024 award information. Visit jd power.com/awards.


This Mother's Day gift your mom the most iconic famous foods from restaurants all across the US with GoldBelly. Listen, not all of us can be Kylie Lowe from the Dark Down East podcast, living her best life up in picturesque Maine. But we here in Indiana deserve the good lobster rolls too. And thanks to GoldBelly, I got them delivered right to my door. You should totally keep GoldBelly in mind. For Mother's Day, GoldBelly will ship gift worthy cakes from Ina Garden and Martha Stewart Magnolia Bakery's famous banana pudding New York bagel brunch directly from the city or even authentic Chicago Deep dish pizza. Plus they'll ship it anywhere across the country for free in time for Mother's Day. So if you're looking to make Mother's Day perfect or want to impress your friends and family with an epic meal next time you host, go to goldbelly.com and get free shipping and 20% off your first order with promo code Crime Junkie. That's gold belly.com code Crime Junkie for free shipping and 20% off your first order.


Heather was also going through some turbulence in life when she vanished. She'd recently been hospitalized and returned home to find that the money that she was gonna use to get a new apartment had been stolen. So she had been working on getting alone when she just vanished like into thin air. And when her mom realized that she hadn't heard from Heather in a few days, she went over to find her cats alone in the apartment. So on September 27th, 2010, Jackie reported her daughter missing, but the response made her feel like police just didn't care. According to her mom. They looked at her recent hospitalization for bipolar disorder and a previous DWI that she'd gotten and basically said that Heather could just leave if she wanted to.


And in a public statement about her disappearance, one detective said that she was an alcoholic, which just by the way wasn't even true, at least according to her mom. And this is like this little stuff that bothers me. Instead of using her nice college ID photo, which was recent because she was currently in school for journalism, the photo that police decided to use for her missing persons flyer was a mugshot from a prior arrest, Which pretty much tells you everything you need to know about how the police viewed her. Like yeah, as the person that they were looking for. Exactly. I mean it all made Jackie feel like police were saying that her daughter wasn't worth finding. Yeah. So she started looking for Heather herself and Jackie spent years doing what police should have, even putting her and her loved ones in dangerous situations to try and track her daughter down.


A daughter that she believed was still a lie, but almost from the beginning, according to her mom, police didn't actually share that belief. In fact, they were confident early on that she'd been killed possibly by Robert Davis, whose name came up early on. The thing is they didn't share any of that with Jackie. They kind of allowed her to go on believing that Heather might just come home like they let her believe this for years. Wait, How early on are we talking here? Well, Within a like a few months, possibly even the first few weeks. So you see they learned that the day she went missing the loan that Heather had been trying to get fell through.


So she decided to go into town and pawn some rings. Now she couldn't drive at that moment, so she went across the street to her neighbor Dawn's apartment to see if she knew of anyone who could give her a ride. Now if the name Dawn feels familiar, that's because the dawn that lived across from Heather was the same dawn that said she had been assaulted by Robert Davis back in 2007. Oh my god. I know. And I don't know why, but Dawn gave Heather Robert Davis's phone number and the last anybody saw of Heather, she was getting into Robert's minivan. Now I don't know why Dawn still had Robert's number after what he did to her or why she felt okay giving it like that context info to someone else, but Dawn has since passed away so we couldn't ask her and no one our team talked to could explain it.


It sounds like the nature of their relationship was complicated, obviously. Like that's probably a massive understatement. Yeah, but regardless, when Robert was eventually interviewed by police, he admitted to giving Heather a ride that day, but he claimed that she got angry with him, so he left her on the side of the road in town the end. So, okay, I'm kind of getting a little twisted on this. In this time when they find this stuff out about Robert being with Heather, are they still holding the position with her mom that she just walked off on her own? Yeah, this Is what's so weird. So this is early on, but they don't give Jackie any updates about this. So like I think they probably told her early on that they thought she was a runaway.


Jackie is like on her own to do her own thing. They learn this stuff about Robert Davis, but they don't tell her mom this or or that they've like, if they're thinking has changed, they don't tell her. They just let her keep on believing that her daughter might still be out there and it's not like they aren't in contact with her. Oh, she told our team that she called investigators every single day because she was investigating on her own. So they could have told her, I mean countless number of times that they didn't believe Heather was still out there, but for some unknown reason they didn't. Now, by the time they got around to talk to Robert, it was months after Heather went missing and by then he'd conveniently sold his minivan and had it straight up crushed.


Oh, so not just like sold it to someone like there's no getting in that minivan. Got it. But the thing is, if they had done just a little more digging, they would have found that the rings that she was gonna sell that day, those had in fact been pawned. Except they weren't pawned by Heather, they were pawned by Robert. But that link wouldn't be connected for years. At the time, police didn't even check the pawn shops. They just let Heather fade. Even when her student ID and a butcher knife were found submerged in a river three and a half blocks from where Robert was living at the time, they still did nothing. And they still even then didn't tell Jackie anything.


And now there are two women, one still missing one murder directly tied to Robert Davis, but there is no arrest and both Kayla and Heather's families are left to try and fit together. The pieces by now, according to Kayla's mom, Martine, they're at least aware of each other, but they never really connect. They're trying to navigate their grief and a system that feels like it's not on their side. That is until early 2013 when a new detective is assigned to Kayla's case, his name is Mark Burbridge. And as he's reviewing her autopsy, he can't believe what he sees.


The autopsy report is sparse and as Detective Burbridge is comparing the report to the photos that he's seeing of Kayla's body, he can't make sense of it because the original report doesn't contain any mention of the dozens of sharp force wounds that he is seeing. Or by the way, the shoe prints on her chest and leg or the defensive wounds or the bruising around her wrist like she had been restrained. So he's confused to say the least. Yeah. And frustrated. So according to police docs, he tries to go to Dr. Howard like wanting clarification.


I mean probably really an explanation, but it takes months before Dr. Howard will even speak with him. And when they're finally face to face, Dr. Howard is super defensive. He even says that Detective Burbridge is being rude and goes so far as to ban him from the medical examiner's office. What? Yeah, which is not the reaction Burbridge was expecting, but he's not gonna give up. Something isn't right here. So he meets with the Spokane County prosecutor, this guy named Jack Driscoll, but Jack isn't much help either. He basically says that he's not gonna go against what Dr. Howard ruled because if he goes on to say that Dr. Howard Dru on Kayla's case was wrong, like that's gonna call into question all of his other rulings and like open up this can of worms.


Am I the only one who thinks that's maybe like a good thing? Yeah, I mean if if only if it were that straightforward, right? Like so to me and you, yes, this is a good thing because It's making mistakes or doing things in error, like we should correct those things. Yeah, I I mean if you're missing stab wounds, like you would think Spokane County would wanna, I don't know, take care of that. Yeah. But doing that unravels, God knows how many convictions, which again, they might be convictions that are actually like needed. No one's like, like, and this is gonna take a lot of work. I mean no one's saying this is gonna be easy to do, but to Detective Burbridge like it needs to be done. Yeah.


And he thinks that all of this, like they're just more interested in protecting their people, securing their convictions, their image, whatever, than actually protecting the general public Doing their job. So he decides to pay a doctor from Seattle to review the autopsy results. And in the meantime, on July 8th, 2013, he conducts a follow-up interview with Robert Davis. At this point, Robert has moved to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho and he says pretty much the exact same thing. He never had sex with Kayla, he didn't kill her and he did not dispose of her body. He's still saying this, even when he's finally confronted with all of the DNA still denies killing her, still denies disposing of her body, even denies being at the crime scene like this dude doesn't give an inch.


So they let him go. Now on December 31st, 2013, the autopsy results from Seattle come back and this one could not be more different. We actually got our hands on both Dr. Howard's original autopsy and the new report, which was done by a guy named Dr. Carl Rin. And Britt comparing these two reports, it's like they're not even talking about the same body on her upper body alone. Dr. Wigren notes four abrasions, including what looks like a shoe print on her chest and parallel marks consistent with bindings. There are 18 sharp force wounds, 16 of which are concentrated on her hands and lower arms as if she was trying to like defend herself.


And there are 50 contusions also consistent with defensive wounds including a black eye. And on her lower half he notes six abrasions including Arin on her left thigh, nine sharp force wounds and 48 contusions consistent with defensive wounds, which is like wild to me that we're still saying undetermined, Undetermined manner of death. It like defies logic To me. I know. And like listen, Dr. Howard's report talked about like some defects like on her hands and fingers, like he points out some like cut like defects on her left hand and thumb, like four of those.


And then obviously he like notes the wound where she's cut in half and he makes a note of a stab wound on her thigh, which which appears in both reports, But there's like shoe prints on her thigh, shoe prints on her chest. Dude, he had nothing about her having a black eye. He had nothing about her like the injuries on her lower arms or her legs. And what sticks out to me is like the sheer enormity of the wounds in this second autopsy compared to the first. Like again, it it feels like you're looking at reports for two different victims. Yeah. And this second doctor, he also notes that he sees no documentation showing like internal exams to like fully rule out sexual assault.


Oh, and by the way, they did eventually do like some testing to see if the stuff that the staining was actually bleach. But ultimately that came back inconclusive. Like it doesn't really fall into these reports, but it's worth noting. And the second doctor he couldn't, he, he like the first, he couldn't determine a specific cause of death, but based on everything he's seeing, the second doctor this Dr. Wigren says there's no way this isn't a murder. Right. So armed with this new report, detective Burbridge goes to the deputy prosecutor who in turn brings the findings to Dr. Howard the first Emmy. But Dr. Howard refuses to change the ruling and his reasoning is that he can't rule out an overdose as her cause of death.


Hold up. He's legit still holding onto that. Yes. But he did the tox screen. There wasn't a lethal amount of drugs in her system. Yes. It actually can't be an overdose. I know. And like literally this makes no sense to anyone in the police department. Like for, for Detective Burbridge, this should be an open and shut case. Yeah. And in 2014 his supervisor agrees and he gives him permission to write up charging documents for Robert Davis for murder. Which quick question, did they ever go looking for Heather's body after Robert's mom talked to them? So, okay, so there were a few searches done by her family and like, like the area that Robert alluded to, I guess is super difficult to search.


Like it's all these really steep cliffs. So there were some searches done again, like most by her family, nothing was ever found. So even, even now, but still even without Heather's body or a confession, the escalation of Robert's alleged crimes feels super clear to Detective Burbridge. So like even if they can't get Heather, like they know what they're dealing with in Kayla's case. Yeah. Like let's at least get him for that. But here's what's wild still with everything they have and no matter how clear it feels to the detectives, to the people in the police department, you, me our listeners, Prosecutors Refuse to press charges. What else do they want? What else could they possibly need?


Ashley, like the Word frustrating like doesn't even cover it. Like it doesn't cover it for how I feel. Certainly not for how Detective Burbridge is left feeling like he is straight up angry. Kayla's family is angry and that anger only intensifies when on June 21st, 2014, another woman comes forward saying that she has been attacked by Robert on the evening of the 21st, a woman will be calling Sasha was alone in her trailer in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho when Robert entered unexpectedly. Now she knew who he was. He had been hanging out with a friend of hers, but him showing up unannounced without her friend was strange.


Sasha said Robert proceeded to attack her, choking her until she passed out several times and each time she woke up, Robert was sexually assaulting her. And in her gut she knew that Robert was going to kill her if no one stopped him. Now thankfully true hero of the story, her dog was there with her and this dog began attacking Robert, which is what Sasha believes made him stop. And when she woke up again according to the court docs, he was running out the door. Now thankfully she didn't suffer any serious physical injuries and she was easily able to identify Robert as her attacker. So he gets arrested and originally charged with first degree attempted murder and burglary though he pled down to burglary and battery with attempt to commit rape and he ended up getting a sentence of 15 years with the option of parole much sooner.


Now it's not much time, but while he's in prison, detective Burbridge has a little more breathing room to like get this right and he gets an early win when the deputy prosecutor tells Detective Burbridge that they're finally gonna consider getting another opinion about Kayla's autopsy. Wait, why can't they use Dr. RINs? Because they say, because Dr. Rin wasn't an official me. Like he runs a private practice called Wigren forensic. So he Like can do autopsies and He had like, he served as the Associate Medical Examiner first Snohomish County for like a couple of years. It's not like he's just like making up his certification, But they want someone with like the actual legit title Yes.


Medical examiner to give their official stamped opinion. Yeah, bingo. Which sounds fine. Great, great whatever. Until three days later. That's when the deputy prosecutor says, you know what? Actually nevermind, that's not happening. Oh, and don't even bother asking why because the deputy prosecutor doesn't give a reason. Cool. Yeah. So in a last ditch effort to try and get something, investigators try to interview Robert Davis again, however, he asks for a lawyer and refuses to talk. And that ends up being Detective Ridge's last attempt to get answers because in 2015 he's taken off the case and moved from major crimes to the Special Investigations unit, which primarily manages drug investigations.


Why he's removed, unclear, there's speculation and rumor mostly stemming from his unyielding pressure on the prosecutor's office. But as with any change of like leadership in a case, momentum gets lost. When he gets moved, knowledge gets lost. Kayla and Heather's cases have both had numerous lead investigators assigned to them over the years, each having varying levels of success, getting new information. And by this point, Jackie, who's Heather's mom does know that police believe her daughter was killed. Again, I don't know when it happens or how it happens, but by this point she knows. And even though charging documents are again brought to the prosecutor's office for Kayla's homicide on February 9th, 2017, those charges again do not get approved.


And the reason is that the prosecutor's office cites is a need for more evidence. But all the shadiness, all the dodging of charges, all the protection of the Emmy's office. That gets challenged in April of 2017 because that's when the Washington Department of Health launches an investigation into the medical examiner's office. You see, they'd received complaints from numerous families who claim that Dr. Howard and his co E Dr. Sally Aiken have a history of incorrect rulings when it comes to cause and manner of death. You see, according to more of Thomas Klaus's reporting, Kayla's case is one of several that are brought up in the complaint.


Others include Brenda Thurman, who was shot by her husband in what was initially ruled an accident. And then there's Dr. John Marshall who is found in the Spokane River with what looks like bruising from being beaten. His death originally ruled in accident too. Sarah Schmidt was also found in the Spokane River with bruising on her ankles that looked a lot like ligature marks. Her death is ruled as suicide. And then there's Cindy Levenfeld Bergen whose body was found wrapped in plastic on the side of the road in Idaho after she filed for a protection order to escape domestic violence. Spokane me did the autopsy and ruled her cause of death as a heart attack and therefore ruled her manner of death as natural.


Just to be clear, she was found wrapped in plastic. You got it. Now of course the county commissioner makes a statement saying that the county stands behind its mes even before the investigation gets underway, which is like a little while to me, like let's let the process like do its thing. But the thing about this investigation is that even if it reveals that there was something wrong with the rulings, apparently there's no way to get them changed because it's up to the medical examiners to change the rulings, which at least for Kayla's case we know they've refused to do. Wait, how does that make any sense? It doesn't like the power is still sitting with the ME'S office to make the change.


And even if somehow they could have changed the rulings, we know they wouldn't have because by the end of the investigation in 2017, the Department of Health ultimately finds that doctors Howard and Aiken quote met the standard of care, which if you ask me is a pretty fucking low standard. And it is a slap in the face on top of every other gut punch that these families have experienced. But Kayla's family's fight and Heather's families fight, it isn't over yet because come 2019, Robert Davis is up for parole and they're ready to do everything in their power to make sure he stays in prison.


Kayla's mom and one of her brothers go to the hearing, Jackie Heather's mom can't go because she's sick. But she told us that she's so glad both her family and Kayla's family were ready to fight his release because according to Jackie, the parole board in Idaho wasn't even aware of Kayla or Heather's cases until their families made them aware. Now how they didn't know this is beyond me. I dunno if it's 'cause he wasn't convicted of it, but once the board finds out, the board asked Robert about Kayla like in his review. Yeah. And according to Martine, Robert got mad when they asked. She told our team that his face like got bright red veins were like popping out of his neck.


He swore up and down that he didn't know who she was, which by the way is a brand new story. Yeah, he 'cause he admitted to knowing her back in 2012, right? Ultimately he gets denied parole, which is a huge win. And Jackie told us that a woman on the parole board promises her and Kayla Stanley that they will be notified next time he's up for parole, which they're all for, right? Like they're gonna fight this. They wanna keep him in prison for as long as possible to keep him off the streets and to give investigators more time to build their cases and hopefully they can get him once and for all if they're working the cases. That is right because the families don't know By this point, the investigations into both cases have changed hands so many times it's difficult for them to keep track of who's in charge and what they're doing.


Still though this was one of the first wins they've had in a long time. And then another one comes in 2021 when both Dr. Howard and Dr. Aiken retire. So a new medical examiner, Dr. Vina Singh is appointed and she begins revisiting several of the previous Emmy's rulings, including Kayla's.


Are you looking for more ways to get your true crime fix? I have an option for you that will cost you nothing but give you everything you can watch all your favorite true crime shows for free on Pluto tv. Follow along as mysteries are unlocked and secrets are revealed on 48 hours, Dateline 24 7 and forensic files still feel like there are things left unsolved. Check out their crime dramas like Tracker and CSI Pluto TV is available on all your favorite devices. So you can stay on top of every case from anywhere Pluto TV stream. Now pay never


VRE L gives members exclusive access to a designer closet so you can elevate your every day. Vre L is a members only club to borrow designer and luxury accessories. Members can treat the VAL closet like their own, borrowing anything within their tier VAL has no return dates, swap items monthly or keep items as long as you'd like. Membership start at $40 a month. Use Code Crime Junkie to get to the top of the VAL wait list and 30% off your first four months of membership.


I possibly the biggest victory her family has gotten. Dr Thing changes Kayla's manner of death from undetermined to homicide finally. And Kayla's isn't the only case that's amended either. According to Haley Gunther's reporting for KQH, Dr. Singh has changed the ruling on four of Dr. Howard's cases, which by the way, like huge shout out to Haley. She was a huge help in setting us up for success on this story. Like she made a lot of connections for us anyway. It's difficult to describe the feeling of relief that washes over the family when they hear this news like it is the first step in a long journey ahead of them, but it is the step that they've been fighting for like for years and maybe now finally things will start falling into place except it's never that easy, is it?


Because when charging documents are again brought forward to the prosecutor's office in 2022, they get denied. And in mid 2024, the family's worst fears come true. Robert Davis is let out on parole. By the way, they got no warning about that. No chance to stand before the parole board and fight to keep him off the streets. Right? Since 2024, their cases have again been reassigned as the most recent investigator retired. And both families continue to try and fight for justice. Although the fight is getting harder the longer it goes on.


Heather's mom, Jackie described living with the pain and the unknowns as a life sentence. Like instead of the person responsible for her daughter's disappearance, serving time, she feels like she is. And Kayla's family worries that they'll never get to see the day when justice is served. For everyone who might be involved with Kayla's murder, Kayla's mom, Martine believes Robert was one of the ones responsible, but she can't help but wonder if someone closer to Kayla May have known what happened and maybe won't come forward for some reason. Like it's a question that has haunted her for years. Well, and Robert's mom's story like mentions two other guys, like is it possible that he's like working with other people or other people know more about this?


I don't know. I don't know. Like if there are other people involved. Again, Kayla's mom seems to think so I think the way that like police view, at least what I picked up is like they think that he did something to Heather. I don't think they like think he was just there when a body was disposed of, right? That doesn't mean that no one else was involved, but they just think he's far more culpable than just being like a bystander. Now there have been no more official searches to find Heather's body. Like I said, it's difficult to terrain where he said she was. So it's gonna be difficult to search and like that's part of the reason like Jackie and her family would be out there doing more, but they, they literally can't. And without concrete answers, she's left in limbo or that prison.


As she says, both moms are answers and justice feel so close, but still out of reach and they have to live with the knowledge that their daughters were killed. But the system that is supposed to get them justice has just refused to do so. But that grief and frustration is not how either mom wants to remember their girls. Jackie called Heather the defender of the defenseless. She had a heart of pure gold going out of her way to help those experiencing homelessness. Like I said earlier, she was in school for journalism. She wanted to tell people's stories. And I can't help but wonder where that career would've taken her.


And Martine wants Kayla to be remembered as the vivacious, strong-willed young woman with an infectious laugh who dreamed of a career where she could just help people when she went missing. Kayla was working on getting her GED with dreams of going to nursing school and there was so much she wanted to give of herself, but she never got the chance to. One thing is clear, something needs to change in the family's opinion. It's the prosecutor today that prosecutor is a man named Larry Haskell. Now we tried to get in touch with his office, but since it's an open case, they said they wouldn't comment just about everyone we spoke to for this episode feels that the prosecutor's office won't take this case because it would mean admitting that the original autopsy report from Dr. Howard was incorrect, which would call into question hundreds of other rulings.


It would likely cost the city millions. But in my opinion, that's a small price to pay. How many more cases are there like Kayla's, where the ruling was wrong, how many dangerous people are still out causing harm? And on the flip side, there could be innocent people sitting in prison. Like the problem goes both ways. Totally. This case is solvable. I said it at the beginning and enough time has passed that maybe people who didn't feel like they could come forward in 2010 or 2012 might feel safe to do so today. So we're gonna have contact information for the Spokane PD in our show notes. If anyone out there knows something about the disappearance of Heather Higgins or the murder of Kayla Williams.


And here is my warning to everyone. Robert Davis is still out there. He is living in Iowa while he's on parole with an ankle monitor according to Kayla's family, an ankle monitor that they say they had to ask for by the way they live in fear that he will strike again and they pray that the right person will do the right thing to get him off the streets. But in the meantime, crime Junkies, this is where you come in. Kayla and Heather's families have been fighting for over a decade for justice. They've lost trust in the people that are supposed to fight for them. So if you wanna join in on that fight, my recommendation is to contact the Washington State Attorney General and ask for a review of Kayla and Heather's cases.


Nick Brown in his office oversees all of the prosecutors in the state of Washington. And if there is one person who can get things moving in the right direction, it would be him. So we're gonna have that contact information in the show notes as well. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com, and you Can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with a brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


This audio check show is brought to you by Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.