
Hi Crime junkies. I am your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today, it actually takes place in our own backyard of Indianapolis and it's about a case that felt really clear cut right from the get go, but it took some time to get right and even after Justice was served, there are still some questions about the whole truth of the story. This is the story of Roger Fred Farmer.


It is only a couple of days into January, 2020 when Detective Larry Krasno is contacted by an old friend. They're not close. This guy's one of those Facebook friends that you don't really talk to IRL, but you kind of just like keep tabs on like keep social media. They're like, they're, yeah, yeah. But per this guy's message, he's reaching out now because he knows that Detective Krasno is a homicide detective with IMPD, Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and he wants to pick his brain because this friend explains that he has gotten a few strange text messages from one of his friends, a man named Roger Farmer who everyone calls Fred. Now, the content of the messages wasn't all that concerning, but it was actually the way they were written that is throwing up some red flags because Fred is known for pretty much exclusively using talk to text.


So all of his messages are usually just like one run on sentence. I know the type, yeah. Yes. But the text that he's gotten recently, they're, you know, using punctuation, proper grammar emojis. Fred does not use emojis and to make things more concerning, no one's actually seen Fred since around mid-November, which is out of the ordinary now allegedly he's on a hunting trip, but no one he's talked to seems to know where he's hunting. Yeah, my spidey senses are tingling. Detective Krasno are too. I mean this guy's been in the game long enough to know that these aren't good signs. So he decides he is gonna do this friend a solid and he's gonna look into it and when he does, he learns that Fred has already been reported missing and a detective is already on the case.


Great. Maybe this Facebook friend just didn't know that. But as the helpful guy he is, the detective decides not just to drop it there, he wants to actually help look into dismissing person's case. But you know, there are rules. He's not trying to step on any toes, right? So he goes to his supervisors, briefs them on the little bit of information he's got and everyone is pretty much like, okay, yeah you're right, this isn't good. So he gets permission to speak with and possibly assist the missing persons detective assigned to Fred's case and within days he makes contact with that detective and she is of the opinion that Fred's disappearance probably isn't a disappearance, it is likely a homicide. So she agrees to let Detective Krasno help her out.


So he digs in and learns what's already been done to try and find Fred. He was reported missing on December 27th, 2019 by his daughter Christina. Now the date she last saw her dad varies a little bit based on who you talked to. 'cause Christina herself told us that it was November 7th. But Detective Krasno told us that he later ends up believing it may have actually been November 6th. And even if you look up this case, you're gonna find a court document that says November 22nd. So it's a little over the map, but based on everyone we've spoken to, everything we've seen, I think the 22nd is inaccurate. I really do think we're looking at November 6th or seventh. Okay. Anyway, Christina says that the last time anyone saw her dad, he was at his house on the west side of Indianapolis and he was getting ready to go on a hunting trip.


Now Thanksgiving was on the 28th that year, so they expect him to be back around that time or at least call, except he didn't. Now Christina, her sister, Tricia and other members of their family had gotten some texts, but just like the ones that Fred's friend had gotten, they weren't convinced the messages were actually coming from Fred. And some of the messages were just about his hunting trip. Others were talking about how it had rained. Some say that his truck got stuck in the mud and he like couldn't get it out. Like was he asking for help in these texts? No, I don't think so. I think he was just like letting them know and they didn't think that there could be confusion about that or anything because supposedly he was on this trip with other people. Okay. Plus he's like 58, he can take care of himself.


It was just something that happened, right? And he's been texting after he told them that. And so they figure like, oh, everything's fine. You got out no big deal, but you can only say you're fine. So many times before people start to worry and once they were worried is when they started going back and really reading those messages and like scrutinizing them. So by the time Christmas came and he was still MIA and only sending those strange texts, his family at that point is like, oh hell no. Like this is not our dad. But before Christina made the missing persons report, she went to her dad's house just to be extra sure or maybe to even get confirmation of what she was already believing. And while she's there, she noticed a bank statement and when she opens it, her heart sinks because she saw that her dad's account was in the negative.


And Fred wasn't a rich man by any means like, but he was smart with his money. This dude would never have spent so much that his account was drained or overdrawn in the negative. Yeah. So that's when she goes and she files the report on December 27th and then on the 28th the missing persons detective was assigned to the case. Now that detective got access to Fred's financial records and confirmed not only were his accounts overdrawn, but there were also transactions made mid to late November and throughout December that weren't at or for places Fred would normally go, like bars and restaurants all around the west side of Indy or the surrounding suburbs, nowhere near any of Fred's usual, like out of town hunting spots where he's supposed to be.


And there's one transaction in particular that stood out to the detective. It was a purchase made at a Lowe's for $225 and 73 cents on November 18th. Now thanks be to the hardware gods Lowe's is apparently the only place on earth that keeps security footage for a while. So the detectives were able to actually pull footage of the person using the card for that transaction. And no surprise here, not Fred, it was a younger guy. So they go, they show this image to Fred's daughter and she recognizes the person instantly. It is her 30 5-year-old brother Jeremy.


And Christina told us in that moment she knew that her brother had something to do with her dad's disappearance. Did she like Fall out of her chair shocked or like what's the deal with her brother? I guess like I'm imagining my little brother baby David, like I know. No, so I mean I don't know in that moment like what, what she was thinking. I don't think anyone suspects their brother's capable of doing something to their own dad. Right. But Jeremy had been kind of the troubled sibling. Like he didn't have much of a criminal history, like a few minor things, nothing violent, but he did struggle with substance use disorder. And I know he didn't get along with his other sister Tricia. Christina's relationship with him had been okay.


I mean she told us that he even lived with her and her daughter for a time, but to go back to their dad, like his relationship with his dad was pretty rocky to say the least. And Jeremy actually was living with their dad at the time, like all this is happening and he was going missing. Right. And the whole family knew that the two of them living together was pretty much a disaster waiting to happen from what I gather. The two, I mean they just didn't get along. They were like fighting all the time. And has Jeremy been around during this time that Fred's been missing? He, he has. And he's been telling everyone that their dad is probably fine, like they don't need to worry about him, But probably not mentioning that he's been using dad's credit card Definitely left that part out. So they're able to get a search warrant for Fred's house again where Jeremy is still living.


And by this point is when Detective Krasno is aware of this case, but not officially on board yet. But he does go along too to see if he sees anything out of the ordinary. Again, he's probably looking at it through a homicide detective, homicide Detective's eyes. Right. And there is one thing that really stands out in one of the rooms. The carpet and pad that's usually under the carpet are both gone. It doesn't look like it had been taken up by a professional either. It looks like a rush job like or even a hack job. And for him this is a huge red flag signaling that something he doesn't know what. But something probably happened in this room now on January 13th the case is officially transferred to the homicide department and Detective Krasno takes the lead by the 15th he makes contact with Christina and Tricia and it turns out a lot has happened in the last few weeks.


Mostly over text message Still from Fred supposedly. Well, no. So actually the text message that Christina shares are from her brother Jeremy, oh, by January it sounds like the messages from Fred's phone have stopped, at least based on everything Detective Krasno told us. But she tells Detective Krasno that Jeremy texted her saying that their dad's former roommate, like the guy who was there before Jeremy moved in, this guy apparently had been threatening Jeremy saying that he was gonna put a bullet in his head and sending him a photo of a gun, an ammunition. And she also tells him about Fred's dog who she describes as Fred's best friend.


Like we do not have to tell the crime junkies of, she says he never went anywhere without that dog, but apparently for this hunting trip he left the dog behind And where's the dog now? Well the dog's at home with Jeremy, which already is weird, but they're like, okay listen, even if he did leave behind for the first time ever his beloved dog, this is all the more reason not to be gone for two months without saying anything to anyone. Like Right. You would come back. And then finally Christina also tells him that she had actually talked to Jeremy a few times about where exactly their dad had gone hunting.


But she said that her brother's story kept changing. The first story she got is that their dad had gone to Paragon, Indiana. I've never heard of Paragon, Indiana. I was gonna say, I was like, I've lived here my whole life. Same. I have never heard of this place, but doesn't even matter because then he is like, actually no, you know, it might've been somewhere else, but he wasn't sure where it was. So that was a little fishy to her. And then she was also able to get her hands on some of Fred's financial records that she had kind of been collecting over the last few weeks and she wanted to show the detective so he can see how unusual the charges to the account actually are. And sure enough, there is this really noticeable change in the types of charges being made because before early November, Fred did not charge much to his credit cards at all.


But after early November, the charges start becoming for those bars, restaurants, places that Fred would never go to. And like he did drink, but I mean he had a few retired military buddies that he drank with at the VFW. He's not a bar hopper, did He have like a place and that's where he would go with his buddies. So Detective Krasno has enough now to be very suspicious. He suspects that Fred is no longer alive and he suspects that his own son is to blame for that. But he knows he's gonna need more proof. So he decides to pull the phone records for both Jeremy and Fred and when he gets the results they tell a very damning story.


So it turns out ever since Fred went missing, his phone has not left the west side of Indianapolis. So He didn't go hunting. Yeah, spoiler alert, truck was never stuck. Nobody's hunting on the west side of Indianapolis. Right. And even if you wanna say he like left his phone behind, I mean, okay, but then his phone shouldn't have been texting the whole time. Right, Exactly. Both things can't be true. But he was texting, so for sure. Now we know he wasn't on the trip, but what really catches the detective's attention is that the whole time Fred was supposed to be on this trip, you know, the trip we now know didn't happen.


Fred and Jeremy's phones were pinging in the same locations on the same dates around the same times. They Were like, I don't know, moving together, one might say Exactly. So it's time to go chat with Jeremy, But not quite yet. I know, I know. So the go get a mentality works well on law and order, like when you're trying to make a case in, you know, 40 minutes. But like that's not, that's not real life. So, and I've heard a lot of detectives say this, they want to get their ducks in a row. I mean, the first thing I wanna do is be like, let's confront him. You wanna only ask questions, you know the answers to essentially exactly. Like they wanna know when he's lying, even if like he doesn't know, they know, you know what I mean? It's a little bit of a game. It's a cat and mouse.


So he decides to go learn everything he can about Fred, Jeremy, the whole family. He learns that Fred's been married and divorced several times, including to Jeremy, Tricia and Christina's mom. And when that split happened, the girls went to live with their mom, Jeremy lived with Fred, which seemed to mark the beginning of their troubled relationship. Detective Krasno also chats with Fred's former roommate, the one that Jeremy told his sister had been like threatening him. Now, pretty quickly the detective becomes confident that this roommate is not suspicious. In fact, the roommate flips the whole story around. He goes on to tell them what he'd experienced firsthand regarding Fred and Jeremy's relationship, which was that Jeremy moved in with Fred about five to six months before and the whole time they didn't have a good relationship and he believes that Jeremy killed his father, not because of the circumstantial evidence that's been piling up against Jeremy, but because according to him, Jeremy confessed as much.


What now Jeremy hadn't confessed to him. This is like second, third hand information. Oh. But he says that he had spoken to one of Fred's former stepsons and he said that Jeremy had been bragging about shooting his dad twice in the head and then placing his body in the freezer. So now it's time to bring in Jeremy. Yeah. So this is not gonna be in a dramatic fashion though. Detective Krasno doesn't wanna tip his hand. Instead he just reaches out to him and asks him if he'd be willing to come down to the homicide office for a little chat, not as a suspect, just as the son of a missing person.


So Jeremy agrees they meet on January 21st and going into this interview, detective Krasno priorities are, you know, figuring out where Jeremy last saw his dad. And then just to get a little bit of background on their relationship. But even trying to have this conversation, Jeremy keeps changing the subject. He really only seems to wanna talk about the problems he's got with his dad's former roommate Pointing away from himself. You got it. But what's interesting is he also repeats this rumor that his dad was shot and put in a freezer, but obviously he's not saying he did it. He's not confessing, he's saying this former roommate did it. Okay, So what's with this freezer that everyone's talking about?


Like I would think that you would know if there was a body in your own freezer, right? Yeah, I mean he's basically talking about the freezer at their house, right? He's not, he's not in there like they've, there's, I mean I don't think he, like I, I assume that they check, if you Heard this rumor, wouldn't you check your freezer? Like yeah, I, and I Jeremy like it is like a wild story and I don't know what Jeremy's like, oh, if he was in the freezer and then the roommate moved him or whatever, I, it's clearly bananas, but I think the whole point is like, okay, you're like saying the same. He's Saying this rumor that he's rumored to have confessed to do himself. Yeah. Right. So when he actually does get around to talking about his dad, Jeremy says that the last time he saw him was around November 8th, between two 30 and 3:00 PM he said Fred was getting ready to go on this hunting trip.


He had all of his stuff packed up. He had like this maroon duffle bag, a crossbow at least one long gun in a case and one handgun. He also provides some interesting information we haven't gotten before. He says that he knows who his dad went hunting with these two guys named Brian and Dave. And throughout this whole interview, this conversation, Jeremy is playing every bit the confused son claiming like this is all he knows, but he's not really acting worried, which strikes Detective Krasno as odd. And I'm sure he knows just as well as everyone at, you know, people act different ways, especially when 11 goes missing or is MURDERED, whatever. But there is something about Jeremy's behavior that feels really off to him.


Well, And you have to assume he's going into this kind of knowing that Jeremy's likely lying to him with every single breath that has to color everything Jeremy Says. I'm sure I'm sure. But he still doesn't confront him. He's not ready to do that yet. Mostly because he doesn't have an airtight case yet. So he's trying not to spook Jeremy. Instead he thanks him for his time and he lets him go, which ends up being kind of a good choice because it doesn't seem like Jeremy realizes that he is basically suspect number one right now. In fact, after the interview he even offers up text messages that he allegedly got from his dad on December 9th. The ones where Fred is supposedly saying that he got his truck stuck in the mud.


Like that was that whole thing and there's been lots of rain or whatever. But the weird part is those texts also say he's gonna be leaving soon, which we know he doesn't Wait, We've talked about the truck a couple times. Where is it? Oh, that's the thing. So Jeremy has been driving the truck that Fred owns, and by the way, Fred doesn't even have a license, So I know. So like he shouldn't be driving around getting stuck in the mud. And also it can't be because Jeremy has it. So this is jumping ahead a little bit, but Fred had bought this brand new expensive truck for a landscaping business that he and Jeremy were gonna start together. So this truck gets left behind and he didn't have a license because of a drunk driving incident.


So The truck that got stuck was that like Brian or Dave's truck? Here we go. It can't be because Dun, dun Dun, they never left. They were never gotten spoiler. No, they never existed. What? These aren't real people. Detective Krasno told our reporter that he ends up spending like a month talking to just about every single person he can track down in Fred's life. And I'll get to that in a second. But no one he talks to knows this Brian or Dave. Well I was also gonna say Brian and Dave are gonna be the most impossible names to track down like Oh yeah, in Indiana. Really? Like, come On. Yeah. And of course they, they don't, I mean this is just lie after lie after lie.


And just in case there was any doubt, detective Krasno cross references the texts that Jeremy showed him with the records he has. And he sees that Fred's phone never left the west side when those texts were sent. Okay. Are we still waiting to arrest Jeremy? Like I feel like right now it could be a really good time. Well There's no physical evidence that Jeremy is the one who killed his dad, But there's no evidence that's, he's even killed. There's What I'm saying, there's no evidence there is a murder. I mean it seems clear that Fred isn't around anymore, but where he is or what happened to him is this huge mystery. So Detective Krasno doesn't want to get tunnel vision. So throughout the rest of January and February he keeps just kind of plowing ahead.


Like I said, he's speaking to as many of Fred's friends and family members as he can. He's also filing more records, requests, even conducting another search of the house. So for ease of understanding, let's talk about what he learns from friends and family first. And then I'm gonna go over the search of the house that he did. So first up was the former stepson Bobby. This is supposedly the one who told the former roommate that Jeremy confessed to him. And Bobby confirms that is what he heard. He explains that he and his girlfriend were out at a bar with Jeremy around November 18th talking about Fred and Jeremy said he shot his dad in the head twice and put him in the freezer. The Fuck Bobby, where were you back in November?


Yes, detective Krasno says that he thinks he just didn't know what to do with this information. He didn't really, I guess this, this stepson didn't know if he could even believe Jeremy. I mean like something that I think you've seen here, something that they've learned about Jeremy over the years is that, you know, he rarely, if ever tells the truth, he is very manipulative. He's attention seeking, he embellishes everything. Detective Krasno described it to us saying that it could be raining outside and Jeremy could convince you it was 75 and sunny. Or at least I think he could convince himself. Right? So I, I think Bobby was thinking, let, I mean it's just such an land. Is he saying this because he wants to, they got in a fight and he's like at this like, or you're just like place, you're just like showboating.


I mean it's, it's Bullshit thing. Yeah. Yeah. I, that probably does feel so wild, like a, it's hard to believe someone you know does that, and then if they did that, why would you be telling me at a bar? You know what I mean? Yeah. It all seems so ridiculous. And this is like, I don't even know where to add this and I maybe here's a good point to do it because to go into like these like stories that he's been like telling Detective Krasno learns that at some point Jeremy makes the claim that he was abused as a child. Apparently he didn't get into the details with us, but apparently the stuff Jeremy said was pretty awful. But this is like, you know who's, I don't know. I don't know what to believe. Like I, I haven't talk to Jeremy, I can't talk to Fred.


His sisters believe that, well they, I think that what they said was that they don't believe the abuse was ever as bad as Jeremy claims, But that it did or possibly did exist. Yeah. So Detective Krasno said that Fred had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol. That he may have been quote unquote rough with Jeremy, which to me implies that there was some kind of physical abuse. But the extent of that abuse seems very unclear and when taken in context with everything else, it's his sister's belief. It's the police's belief that Jeremy is likely a pathological liar. So I mean they don't believe that all of the claims he's making are true, Which makes things so, so complicated.


I know. And then I don't even know how to like put this into context when, you know, we, I don't even have all of Jeremy's story. Like I have, you know, someone telling me he's telling an awful story, but I don't know what it is. Fred's not here to defend himself or tell any story on his side. I didn't wanna just like not bring it up. I don't, but I don't know Where it fits in the context of all of this. And maybe there is, there's probably a lot more context or maybe there isn't. And Jeremy is just a liar. Like this is the messiness of real life investigations and this is exactly the spot that Detective Krasno was in. What he does feel like he knows for certain is that before he went missing, Fred was trying to repair his relationship with Jeremy even trying to start that business together.


So are they thinking that the abuse could have been part of Jeremy's motive, like killing his dad with some sort of retribution for this alleged abuse? Maybe. But actually Detective Krasno has a different theory. Detective Krasno learns from a friend of Fred's that Jeremy had stolen money from his dad in the past and if he tried to do it again, Fred planned to file charges against him. Detective Krasno confirms this in the months before Fred vanished, Jeremy had stolen his dad's credit cards. And not only that, he'd also opened some accounts in his dad's name, put charges on them and then never paid the bills.


And then there was this other friend who tells this story like they had gotten a bad feeling about the business that father and son were trying to start together because this friend, back when Fred had asked her to help him with the finances, she's like, yes, happy to help you out under one condition that I am the only one with access to the business accounts. And she explained that it would be easier if just one person was in charge of the finances so that like, you know, there aren't a bunch of cooks in the kitchen, but I kind of wonder if it was because she knew that there had been issues and She needed to keep him out. Right? Like she knew Jeremy had been stealing, she didn't want it to happen again. And it turns out this is like the wild part. So she's telling him this like just me, she's on speaker when she says that.


And Jeremy was in the room with Fred and upon hearing this he says quote that bitch, we don't eat her Sir. Yeah, what She wasn't too happy with that. And she was like, okay, actually changed my mind, no longer willing to help. You're on your own. And this was when, This is like September of 2019. So September, 2019, there's this whole confrontation. She's like, I don't wanna help. I think you said whatever, but she didn't even say that. But that's the implication. And Then, and no one sees Fred by November. Yeah, Poof. He's gone and corroborating this theory are records of Fred calling the bank on November 5th and sixth to report a fraudulent account and to report fraudulent activity on his account.


And they find out he also made a nine one one call on November 6th to report that Jeremy had stolen one of his credit cards. He was making good on his thread. He was so Detective Krasno contacts the bank, he finds out that Jeremy had called the bank on December 7th pretending to be his dad trying to transfer $200 to the card. He didn't get it. The account was frozen. So it's not looking good. I mean it's like, it's like almost like proving everything everyone's thinking, but it is all still circumstantial, right? They don't have a body, they don't have a murder weapon, like zero physical evidence whatsoever.


Okay, You told me you would give me a lot of background but then get to the search. Can we get to the search now We can get to the search. So that happens early February and Detective Krasno is hoping that it'll give them something to work with. So when he walks in he notices that the carpet is still gone. He actually learns that this room that the carpet is missing and used to be Jeremy's bedroom, at least based on a few personal items that are in there though now it seems like Jeremy's staying in a different one. Hmm. For some reason it doesn't wanna be in that room. But in that room he finds a receipt. The receipt actually from Lowe's, the one that the first detective saw that led to the surveillance footage. Now why was that still in the house?


Well, so no, sorry, she just saw the charge before. She's actually Oh, like on like a statement or something? I think So not the actual receipt, but now they have the actual physical thing which Like has an itemized list of everything that was bought. Exactly. Now unfortunately it doesn't say right there, I think it's just like item numbers. So It's a hardware store, right? Yeah. So we have to like look this up later. But what he ends up finding out is what was purchased was a 96 gallon two wheel trash can, heavy duty cleaning wipes, bleach, plastic drop Cloths. You can just say murder kit. Exactly. Latex gloves, flashlight, air freshener detergent pods. And I think Detective Krasno said it best in our interview with him. He said quote, any crime junkies listening to this should see that receipt and know exactly what that means.


What Did I just say? I know a murder kit. But let me tell you the other things he finds in the house because they're important too. In the bathroom he finds a pair of Fred's dentures and at first he's like, okay, maybe Fred had two pairs, you know, one being here. Isn't that significant? Okay. No, he finds out Fred only had one pair and He's not going anywhere without them. No. And then the icing on the cake is walking into the garage. Detective Krass Noy finds almost everything Jeremy said that Fred had taken hunting with him. The maroon duffle bag, the camping gear, it is all there. Everything except for the crossbow that he mentioned.


But Detective Krasno does have a good idea where to start looking for that. Pawn shops, Indiana law states that if you pawn something you have to present your ID for tracking purposes. And sure enough, guess who pawned a crossbow? Jeremy? Yeah. And thankfully it had not been sold. So it gets collected by the police department. 'cause they have to make sure it actually is Fred's and he's in luck because one of the friends that he had spoken to says that he'd done some work on that specific crossbow of Fred's. I guess Fred had this bad shoulder due to a prior injury. So this friend had installed a crank so that he could draw it back easier. And he says that if you take off the crank and look inside, detective Krasno should see this shiny circular metal piece.


All cranks would have something like it in there. But this friend says that he made that piece himself Like custom. Yes. And if it came from the manufacturer it would have a dull black color. But the one he made was bright silver. So Detective Krasner goes, he takes off the crank and they are sitting inside is the shiny circular metal piece. So I know this is important, but is this the murder weapon? No, I, so they don't think he used it to kill his dad. I he Just pawned it to get the cash. Probably not to get Rid of it. I think it's just more proof that Jeremy lied. I mean there's, you know, if all they're ever gonna have is a circumstantial case, they need as much as Possible. Exactly.


I think what they're thinking as far as the murder weapon goes is, I mean if you go back to this confession or even the rumors that were going around, I think that they think Fred was shot and Fred had several guns. There are a few that Detective Krasno can't locate. So he's pretty sure Fred was shot and then Jeremy either sold the gun he used or traded it or something. So with a lot more now under his belt, now is the time that he brings Jeremy in for a proper, not interview, but interrogation and he decides to be a bit risky and just kinda lay everything he has on the table. Nothing they have so far is gonna get them a solid conviction. At least not here in Marion County apparently.


So if Jeremy doesn't confess, he's walking out of there a free man. But Detective Krasno decides to take the gamble anyway and he starts laying everything out, but one by one excuses start flying out of Jeremy's mouth. The cell phone records showing both his and his dad's phone in the same place at the same time after he went missing. So wild. He has no idea how that happened. But he death doesn't have his phone, the spending of his dad's money. Well that is just a misunderstanding. His dad gave him permission to use the cards. I'm sure The Lowe's receipt. Well that one stops him in his tracks according to Detective Krasno, the next words out of Jeremy's mouth are, I need an attorney.


Yeah, you do. Jeremy walks out of the interview and basically refuses to cooperate anymore, Walks out. Is this not enough to arrest him already? Dude, I told you you have to like I, I don't know how it works other place in Marion County. You have to have it locked. And is this is, this is the case everywhere, right? Like you have one shot and one shot only at a prosecution. But don't worry because just because it's not now doesn't mean it's never over the summer of 2020, detective Krasno executes several search warrants in areas where Fred was known to hunt, even brings out cadaver dogs just in case there's still no sign of Fred anywhere. By the end of 2020 he's feeling like this might be all he ever has.


And in a move I fully appreciate, he is willing to at least give it a go. And luckily so is the prosecutor that he reaches out to and by early 2021 they start putting together everything they need to charge Jeremy with murder. And that's right about the time that Detective Krasno gets an unexpected call. Now crime junkies, I know you don't always love hearing sound bites in these episodes. That's what the deck is for. I know, but this one is just too good. So we, we start that process of preparing the filing of of charges and things. And I got a call one night from Jeremy, I was at a BW threes restaurant And I was off that night.


I got a call from Jeremy, this is before charges are filed. It is, it's actually just days before really. And he calls me and says, Hey, I just wanted to see if there's an update on my dad. I said, Jeremy, are you serious? And he goes, yeah. He goes, I just wanna see what the update is. And I said, you killed your dad, you wanna come down and tell me about it? I said, that's what the update is. And he goes, oh, I can't believe you still think that. And then hangs up Just a few days later on February 10th, Jeremy is arrested for the murder of his dad. He's held without bond all while proclaiming his innocence and saying that he has no idea where his dad is.


But guess what? We know exactly where Fred is now because on May 13th, detective Krasno gets this call. I was off that day. I am preparing to go to my daughter's lacrosse game and, and I get a call from my lieutenant. He's like, Hey, what are you doing? I said, I'm getting ready to go to lacrosse. I said, what's happening? You wanna go get Fred? Earlier that day, the owner of a storage facility in Brownsburg, Indiana called 9 1 1 after noticing a foul smell coming from one of the units.


And it was a unit they'd actually repossessed because the owner had missed the last few payments. And so after smelling something, the owner of this place called the police to come and see what it was. But before they got there, she decided to Google the name of the person who had been renting the unit. Jeremy Farmer. Jeremy Farmer. And she saw that Jeremy Farmer had recently been arrested for murder. Right. Did this unit not pop up on any of the record Searches before? No, no. Krasno told us that Jeremy had first rented the unit on one of his credit cards. One that they didn't know he had, but then he'd made most of the payments in cash. So there really had been no trace of it.


Yeah, inside they find a 96 gallon trash can wrapped in tarps and plastic drop cloths. All the items they recognized from that Lowe's receipt. And if there was any doubt, detective Krasno pulled out a copy of the Lowe's receipt that he found in Jeremy's old room and there is a price tag still attached to the trashcan. And when he compares the UPC codes, they match and slowly they begin unwrapping this thing piece by piece underneath, they find that the lids secured with the zip ties. Those are painstakingly cut off and bagged one by one and then they finally open the trash can and there is a mound of trash on top that they meticulously remove.


And down at the very bottom is fret, despite having been deceased for over a year by this point by the way, detective Krasno told us that Fred was in amazing condition. He had been kept in a cool dark place free of moisture. So there was actually like pretty little decomp. It's not anywhere near as bad as if Jeremy had left him outside for instance. And It took a year to start smelling. So this is what's so wild. Air fresheners had been kind of masking the smell for a long time. Jeremy had been getting those that release like a, a puff every like 15 minutes or so. And based on receipts found in the unit, it looks like he had repeatedly gone back and replaced those over and over again.


But Now he's been arrested and he couldn Couldn't, he couldn't, He couldn't pay for the unit and he couldn't replace mass smell the air fresheners. Exactly. And is the murder weapon in the storage unit? No. That is the one thing that is not handed to them on a silver platter. Now, at his autopsy, Fred's cause of death is determined to be a single gunshot wound to the head straight through his left eye. There aren't any defensive wounds or other wounds for that matter. And testing on the trash can reveals Jeremy's fingerprints and DNA, just like straight up all over it. Of course. So Jeremy went to trial in April of 2023 claiming that he shot his dad in self-defense.


You know, brand new story this time his story goes that his dad had come home drunk, he was armed with a gun. There's some kind of confrontation and some subsequent struggle in his bedroom, the one with the carpet out of it. And he claims that the gun accidentally went off while they were grappling with their hands over their head, which like isn't possible because the trajectory of the bullet was just like straight on. So as you can imagine, like the jury could read through it and eventually he's found guilty and sentenced to 57 years. And despite this being justice, it's not a win. There's no handshaking, no weight lifted off anyone's shoulders because not only have Christina and Tricia lost their dad, now they've also lost their brother.


Their mom has lost a son and like he, he's alive, but their relationship is never going to be the same with him. I mean, in fact, Christina told us that she tried to keep up with him once he went to prison, but they don't even talk anymore after the trial. Jeremy appealed his conviction on the grounds of self-defense. He also disputes some of the evidence sticking to his story about the shot being an accident, but his appeal is quickly denied. So what does Detective Krasno really think happened? Well, based on everything he knows, he told us that he believes Jeremy knew the jig was up. Like Fred was going to report him to the police for stealing. I mean, right, we know he called 9 1 1, kind of did.


And he'd likely gone into Jeremy's room the evening of the sixth to confront him, probably to kick him out of the house like everything was coming down on Jeremy. So he was gonna, you know, get reported to the police, he's gonna get kicked out, have no place to live. He's probably going to lose this brand new truck that he just got and he wasn't gonna let that happen. Detective Krasno thinks that there was probably a physical altercation and the grappling that Jeremy described didn't happen in the way that he said it did. But somehow Jeremy got a gun, possibly one of Fred's, but he's not sure. And then he shot him just face to face. But that is just a theory. Jeremy won't tell anyone the truth about what happened, which is kind of leaving Christina and Tricia with a lot of questions.


But those questions aren't just for Jeremy though because they don't think that he was acting alone. So what if not in the murder itself, they think he at least had help in the coverup. And a small part of them also believes that another family member may have been involved too. Oh, so this is for several reasons. So for one, this person that they have in mind spent a lot of time with Jeremy after Fred's murder, they would go out drinking with him using Fred's credit cards, debit cards. This person also tried to take possession of Fred's belongings during the trial, which like really pissed off his daughters. Understandably so, They just think this other family member knew about it but didn't tell anyone.


Well, and like I said, they think maybe they were involved in like the coverup of it all, right? I mean like when you think about it, Fred was a grown man. Could Jeremy have gotten him into the trash can himself and then transported him to that storage facility alone? Maybe. But I think it's also very possible he had help and Fred's daughters believe that this other person may have provided that help. And you know, when we talked to Detective Krasno about this, he agrees that, you know, this person is a sketchy character, but he says none of the physical evidence implies that there was another person there. All of the prints on the trash can are Jeremy's. The carpet and gun have never been recovered either.


So we don't know, you know, if there's evidence there. So everyone's kind of just left wondering if they'll ever get the full true story of how Fred Farmer died and who all was really involved. But even if they never get those answers, Christina and Tricia want everyone to remember their dad the way they do as a man who grew watermelons and sunflowers with his granddaughter. Someone who camped in his front yard with his grandkids, who would offer his garage as a dry, warm place for kids in the neighborhood to wait for the school bus. And yeah, he had his flaws. They're not denying or erasing that, but this was not the end he deserved.


You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com, and you can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with a brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve.