
Hi Crime junkies. It's Ashley, and you guys know I am always on the lookout for cases that need their season of justice, and a case recently came across my desk that had me questioning everything, although it was technically solved, whether or not justice was fully served is still a big question. And thankfully, investigative journalists, your favorite in mine, Delia D'ambra, is diving into all those details of this case. For season seven of CounterClock, the case centers around a shocking murder that rocked a close knit community. And while police launched an investigation immediately after days, they still had no solid leads. But then things took a drastic turn when a concerned mother called the police to learn more about the case, and this call alone completely changed the direction of the investigation. Soon after five teenagers were arrested for the murder, but what unfolded next has me truly questioning the very fabric of our justice system. There are layers upon layers to this case and it is one that holds so many players stories and perspectives, and I promise you, you will want to hear all of it so that you can decide what you believe. I'm gonna give you the first episode of CounterClock season seven, right here, right now, and then you can head over to the CounterClock feed to catch the other three episodes that just dropped. And be sure to follow CounterClock wherever you get your podcast So you don't miss a single episode of this season. This is the story of Nathaniel Jones.


For some people, there have been distinct moments in our lives where we felt death upon us. It was visceral, overwhelming, terrifying. The sensation may have whizzed bias in a fleeting second, or maybe it dragged on for minutes hovering like humidity on a late summer day. No single experience is the same. Becoming a victim of a violent crime sometimes leaves physical scars, but almost always the experience leaves mental scars too. Surviving a life or death situation can change the fabric of who you are. It can alter your entire perception of the world.


I've been a journalist for over a decade now, covering just about every type of violent crime you can think of. I've interviewed hundreds of people and written about countless murders, but it wasn't until Thanksgiving day in 2019 that violent crime reached out and wrapped its tendrils around me. November 28th, 2019 was a sunny, clear morning in southwest Florida where I worked as a broadcast news reporter at the time, and since it was a holiday, staffing was limited, so I volunteered to act as both reporter and my own camera operator. It's a position commonly referred to in the TV news industry As a multimedia journalist or MMJI Had my story lined up in advance.


A plucky little piece about how a beloved longtime ice cream shop was under threat of being demolished to make way for a bigger shopping plaza, trouble ahead for the twisty treat. That was the headline news story I pitched and my managers had gone for it, which was a win for me because I was looking forward to wrapping up early that day and going to spend time with my family. You see, I was a 27-year-old newlywed of about four months, and it was me and my husband's first holiday together. Around mid-morning, I drove out to the shop, set up my camera gear, and was right in the middle of getting video clips of the building's unique ice cream cone shaped exterior with its faded menus in the windows and sticky benches sitting out front.


When suddenly I was ambushed. Leave me Alone, leave Me alone. Leave me alone. A man wearing latex gloves on his hands had come out of nowhere and grabbed me. He wrapped his arms tightly around my shoulders and squeezed trapping my camera, which was still recording between my body and his. When I fought back, he threw me to the ground and lunged at me again. I scrambled like a wild animal to put as much distance between us as possible, somehow still holding onto the camera, which despite being damaged, was continuing to record.


Oh my gosh, sir, I'm calling the police. The man paused. Stared for a brief moment, then quickly turned around and jogged toward a parked car about 50 yards behind the ice cream shop. It was broad daylight. Oh my God, oh my God. I was in shock. I'd never experienced anything like this before in my life. Looking back on it now, it was almost like a part of me had left my body and was hovering above that dumpy shopping plaza parking lot, just watching what was happening to me.


To this day, I still have trouble revisiting this memory. All I remember thinking is, this is bad. This man is going to kill me. A flurry of panic questions just race through my mind. Why was he wearing gloves? Was he coming back with a weapon? Why was this happening? I remember quickly checking my body for wounds. Had he stabbed me, was I bleeding? Thankfully, the answer to both those questions was no, but I knew I wasn't gonna stay put for long for all I knew he could be coming back for round two. So I hoofed it to a nearby intersection where two major roads came together. It was a high traffic area, and my survival instincts told me to get around as many people as possible for protection with each step toward what I felt was the closest thing to safety.


I felt confused, chaotic adrenaline was coursing through me. Yet at the same time, I had absolute mental clarity. I knew what I needed to do next. I fished my cell phone out of my back pocket and dialed 9 1 1, then ducked behind a few bushes and spotted the man who'd attacked me getting into his car. I've just been attacked. I am at the corner of US 41 in Pine Island Road. I've been attacked by a man And I'm at the Twisty Treat restaurant. I am rolling on my camera of the man that approached me. I need help please. Old US 41 and Pine Island Road at the corner Shopping Plaza, north Fort Myers Plaza.


My next call was to My husband and then my boss. Within minutes, police arrived and were able to arrest the man. The top news story that night at Thanksgiving dinner wasn't about the twisty treats troubles, it was about mine. The whole thing was caught on camera. Artelia D'ambra was knocked to the ground. She was able to get away and call 9 1 1. She drags the camera and herself trying to get away as the suspect wearing gloves storms off to his car. It just gives me chills listening to her screaming. I mean, that's something I I worry about all the time, time, time, time. I'm telling you that story because recently I was thinking a lot about what violent crime does to people.


How each person who experiences it as well as those closest to them, reconcile with the aftermath. How does one even begin to tell a story about it? Where I've landed is that I and the victim in this story, Nathaniel Frederick Jones or Mr. Jones as Hill most often be referred to share a common experience. Violent crime came for both of us, and it did what only it can do. It changed everything. What happened to me is certainly different than what happened to him. The crimes were in different cities, decades apart, and my situation, I walked away with my life tragically. He didn't.


He was 61 years old when he was attacked inside the carport of his home in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in November, 2002. Everyone who's ever studied his case agrees that what happened to him was terrible, violent, and uncalled for he never saw it coming. And because of his age and health, he never stood a chance. The stress of being ambushed, beaten and bound took a fatal toll on his already bad heart and he ultimately died of cardiac arrest. But the question at the center of this case for more two decades hasn't been what happened to Mr. Jones. It's who? Who carried out the assault that took his life for some folks, including Mr.


Jones', loved ones. That question was unequivocally answered in the early two thousands. For others it wasn't and still hasn't been. And that's because there are some very troubling and concerning facts in this case that I've spent the last year reinvestigating. So let's turn back the clock. 22 years to November 15th, 2002. This is CounterClock. Season seven, episode one jumped. I'm your host, Delia D'ambra. Winston-Salem, North Carolina.


Now compared to what it was like in 2002, isn't all that different? It's grown in population over the past two decades, but its demographic makeup remains as siloed as ever. If you look at the most recent census data from 2023, you'll find that it's 51% white families, 33% black or African American, and 16% Hispanic or Latino. Like most American cities, you have your nice parts of town and your not so nice parts of town. The south side of Winston-Salem is known as the rough part of town. It's where you'll find more lower income communities, older, smaller houses, crime bumpier streets, you get the picture.


The Northern and Eastern Winston-Salem neighborhoods are much more affluent and sitting smack dab in the middle is the crown jewel of the city. Wake Forest University. The private college is home to roughly 5,400 undergraduate students and sprawl across 340 acres of pristinely manicured land. The demon deacon's domain was and still is considered to some degree to be a posh paradise compared to other parts of the city where many residents live paycheck to paycheck, working minimum wage jobs or operating mom and pop businesses. The industry that for the longest time had a stranglehold on the vast majority of the city's workforce was big tobacco.


RJ Reynolds tobacco company, which was known for producing camel cigarettes, had huge manufacturing plants there in the 19th and 20th centuries. In fact, Winston Salem's nickname is the Camel City. At one point the cigarette giant employed five sixth of the city's entire African American population. A man who decided to break that mold and become his own boss was Nathaniel Jones. In 2002, he owned and operated Jones Chevron, an auto service station that sat at the corner of New Walkertown Road and Carver School Road. Two major thorough affairs in the city. His shop was a pillar in the community, particularly for black families.


Mr. Jones wasn't just an owner of a thriving business. He was reportedly the first black man to own and operate his own service station in the city. A feat no one before him had achieved. At 61 years old, he was a widower with two adult daughters who were married and had families of their own. He was also a dedicated member of a local church. Mr. Jones was well-liked and revered in the black community. That's Chuck Byram, a retired Winston-Salem police detective Who knew Mr. Jones? Well, Chuck told me that he and the small number of black police officers who worked for WSPD at the time would swing by Mr.


Jones' Service Station on a regular basis while they were on duty. They respected the fact that he was a mentor for people of color in the city, plus his shop was just a cool place to hang out. He was a community grandfather, I guess you could say. The store that he ran it sit right at the intersection of two major roadways and there was always activity in and around it. People knew who Nathaniel Jones was. He was a very beloved member of the community. That last voice you heard is Michael Hewlett, a former Winston-Salem Journal reporter whose familiarity with Mr. Jones wasn't as personal as Chuck's, but still both men knew Mr. Jones for a reason outside of his own reputation At the time.


Chris Paul was this standout basketball player at the one of the local high schools. He was the grandfather of a up and coming athlete, basketball player by the name of Chris Paul. Chris Paul as an NBA superstar point guard Chris Paul, who is one of the most celebrated and known professional basketball players today. Robin Jones. Paul Chris's mother is the eldest of Mr. Jones's two daughters back in November, 2002. Chris was just a 17-year-old kid from Winston-Salem who'd worked hard and achieved national attention on the basketball court. He was a top prospect coming out of high school and had just committed to play college ball at Wake Forest University.


This detail among many others is important to remember while listening to the story because it was a factor that was on the minds of Winston-Salem. Police officers from the moment they were called to Mr. Jones's home in the south side part of town on the evening of Friday, November 15th, 2002. I need an ambulance quickly to 9 0 5 Street. This man over there, he's got a he down placed down. His hands are tied behind his back At 7:49 PM The following nine one one call came into Forsyth County emergency dispatch.


Police emergency. How help an ambulance are you? I need an ambulance quickly to 9 0 5. I have no, The audio of the call is a bit chaotic because the technology at the time caused it to cut in and out. But eventually the woman who asked for help got her message across and by 7:53 PM police officers, firefighters and paramedics were in route to the address she provided. 9 0 5 Street. Okay, bye.


It's going down there. Her conscious, It was dark by the time emergency responders pulled up to the scene and right away they found Mr. Jones lying on the concrete floor of his carport. He was face down between the driver's side door of his Lincoln town car and a small brick step that led to a side door of his home. His head was turned to one side and there was black tape wrapped around his mouth and head like a gag. The same kind of tape had also been used to bind his hands behind his back. He had a noticeable cut on the back of his head, a few bruises on his hands and knees and according to police reports, there were smudges and drops of blood on the ground around him up on the adjacent brick wall of his house and on the Lincoln's front driver's side door handle.


Naturally EMTs wanted to check him for signs of life, but in order to get to him and do a proper assessment, they had to move him out of the tight space where he was laying. So they dragged his body out of the carport and onto the section of his driveway closest to his house. They cut the tape binding his hands, turned him face up and checked for a pulse. But by that point it was clear he was gone. They noticed more traces of blood on his service station uniform and undershirt and that's when they realized they needed to step back and let the first officer who'd arrived on scene take over. That officer looked over Mr. Jones' body and called for backup.


His next move was to deal with a group of people congregating at the end of Mr. Jones' driveway. A man standing in that group was Calvin Screven, a close friend of Mr. Jones' who was 37 years old in 2002 and lived at 8 24 Ravi Street, an address across the road and directly diagonal from Mr. Jones' house. Calvin provided a tape statement to the officers on scene and explained that earlier that evening around 7:40 PM he left his house and walked down to nine 16 Rabia Street to visit with a woman who lived there named Tasha Coleman. The pair had been seeing one another and he'd usually wait for her to get off work so they could hang out.


Tasha's house sat across the street and down a few lots from Mr. Jones's house in the opposite direction of where Calvin lived. While Calvin was waiting on Tasha to come home, a couple in a car approached him. I was standing at nine 16 RA Street and a painter came up to me and asked me where Mr. Jones stayed at because he, Mr. Jones, he supposed to be doing some painting for Mr. Jones. And I told him he stayed right across the street. The painter who spoke to Calvin was a guy named Claude Walker. Claude and his fiance Gloria, had made arrangements with Mr. Jones earlier in the day to drop by and give him an estimate to paint four rooms in his house.


The only issue was Claude and Gloria had never been to that part of Winston-Salem before they lived in Charlotte over an hour away. So when they got to Marvia Street, they needed some help with directions And then the painter went across the street and then like a couple of seconds later, the painter came back telling me that it was somebody laying beside the house in between the car. So I ran over there with the painter and showed nothing. Was Mr. Jones over there laying in between the car with his hands tied behind his back and he was face down on the cement, checked his poke And I checked his neck and I checked his poke in his wrist to see if he was alive.


And I felt like I felt a little pulse, but I don't know, I'm not a doctor that, and I turned his head sideways because he was face down. I didn't know if he was still alive. He was still alive. I didn't want him to just die know suffocating with his head face down. So the lady who house I was at, she came across the street and we told her to call 9 1 1 and she called 9 1 1 and then I called her over there And I told her to help me take the pulse and see if he had a pulse and I wanted to pick him up, but I didn't pick him up because they, they kept on yelling to me, don't move him, don't move him. So I didn't move him. We got back in the middle of the street when I heard the fire truck coming around the corner and I flagged the firetruck down.


You said the body or or Mr. Jones was laying face down? Yes. And you described his face as being straight down not to the side straight, not to the side. It was straight down. Okay. Where exactly was he laying? He was laying between the car and the house. Okay. Right beside the step waist stand. Where did you feel prop pulse? On his, around his, up under his neck throat part and on his wrist. And you said you may have felt a pulse? I felt like I felt a pulse. Was that on his neck or on his wrist? On his wrist. That's Calvin's memory from being in the moment in 2002. I interviewed him earlier this year though, on his front porch.


Nearly 22 years after the crime. He still lives on Rabia Street by the way. He remembers finding Mr. Jones like it was yesterday. I was sitting on the porch. A guy came up, a painter came up from looking for Mr. Jones' house. He drove over there and he came right back and said something don't seem right over there. Then me and him went back over there. That's when we found Mr. Jones laying in the driveway. Mouth was duct taped and his hands were duct taped. It's a difficult memory for Calvin to revisit because Mr. Jones wasn't just a neighbor, he was a friend. A figure everyone looked up to on the block. I grew up with his daughters. He used to help me with the community reunion.


He helped me with the reunion every year. I'm saying they, he helped contribute. I went to the service station all the time, you know, got my car inspected. I took a lot of family members cars there and got inspected sore. He was, you know, he was well known. Despite my best efforts, I wasn't able to get Tasha Coleman to do an interview with me. But based on her statements to police back in 2002, her story aligned for the most part with Calvins. She told investigators that as she pulled into her driveway at quarter to 8:00 PM she noticed Calvin and some other people crowded in Mr. Jones' carport. So she ran over shortly after that is when she dialed 9 1 1.


The only additional information she provided in her statement was that she'd also tried to find a pulse on Mr. Jones while on the phone with nine one one and she admitted to touching the screen door that led into his house while she was over there. Here's Calvin's audio from back then. Hey Tasha, to go inside and call the police, but they hadn't got here yet and as soon as she opened the door, she seen the keys in the door. She just started hollering the screaming she was gonna go inside Mr. Jones' house? Yes. Okay. Is it correct that the door was not open? The door? No, the door was not open. It was closed. It was closed. Did she have to unlock the door to get the door open or no? She opened the screen door.


Oh, she opened the screen but not the main door. She didn't, she didn't even touch the door because she, that when she started hollering screaming, because she said he didn't even get she, she grew up right next door to him. So she been knowing him ever since she was born. Since the best. You remember the, the main door to the house was closed? Yes. She opened the door and she seen the keys in the door and she just started hollering, screaming because she, he didn't even make it in the house. This detail about Mr. Jones's keys still being in the doorknob is something the first officer on scene also picked up on. In his report he wrote, he noticed that as well as a motion sensor light fixed to the ceiling of the carport right above Mr.


Jones' Lincoln that wasn't turning on a streetlight right out front of the home was also dark. So essentially the entire area was just really dim. Minutes after police had gotten on scene, it started raining, but the good news was that Mr. Jones's car and most of the physical evidence inside the carport remained covered. Police officers laid a tarp over his body in the driveway to preserve whatever clues that held while they waited for the medical examiner to show up. Shortly after that, homicide detectives pulled up and dispatched several officers to go look inside Mr. Jones' home, you know, to make sure no one was in there hiding, which there wasn't.


While doing that though, they observed that the handle of the outside screen door was broken off and a piece of it was on the ground, which seemed kind of odd to them. But nothing else was out of place like inside. For example, there were no signs that a struggle had occurred. No broken furniture, no ransack shelves. In fact, jewelry, money and electronics were all just sitting out in the open back outside. The scene in the carport was far more chaotic. Three pieces of mail addressed to Mr. Jones were scattered underneath the left rear passenger wheel of his Lincoln. And a broken watch was sitting slightly beneath the front, left part of the car not far from a tube of Chapstick on the ground near where he'd been found naturally with Calvin and Tasha's statements already captured.


The growing number of police officers coming to the call turned their attention to the two people who'd first discovered Mr. Jones, Claude Walker and his fiance Gloria, listening to the taped interview police did with Claude at the crime scene back in 2002. He seemed genuinely shaken up by what he just experienced When I first got here. I went to the wrong house and it said that Mr. John there, over there by the white van, right?


I said Okay. So I walk over here and my wife, she came over with the car and then that's when I rang the doorbell on another side. I went to the, the side door I knocked on, I ring the door down. Then after that, nobody else. So I came around And I knocked on the door and I noticed somebody was laying down on the ground. I know what it was, but I knew for sure it was a body, right. And that's when I called over there to the, this guy next called the street. The first house I went to said, Tamil man, they got a body laying down on the ground.


I said, y'all better call 9 1 1. To clarify what Claude just explained, when you're looking at Mr. Jones's home, straight on from the street there was a small porch and front door on the far left hand side of the house, which was usually kept locked and not used for coming and going. On the far right hand side of the home was where the driveway and carport were located. I've included a picture of this in the blog post for this episode So you can get a better sense of what I'm talking about. The door to the house in the carport was what Mr. Jones usually used to get in and out of his home because Claude Walker had never been to the address before. He tried the left side door first, which for all intents and purposes looked like an actual front door, but he'd gotten no answer there.


So that's why he decided to walk over to the carport, which is where he discovered Mr. Jones. It looked like he was laying on his stomach, looked like he was laying to me, looked like he was laying on his stomach. His hand was tied to tied in the back. Did you see what they were tied with? I knew it was something black. That's all I know. Did you touch the body? No sir. I didn't touch nobody body. If a man him tie down like that, he should never testified. Earlier in the day around 3:30 PM Claude had spoken with Mr. Jones over the phone and arranged to come by at 6:30 PM Gloria, his fiance, was going to join him. He said that he wanted his house painted and he wanted four rooms painted and that's how I got in contact with him.


I didn't know where he lived or what. During that conversation, Mr. Jones was working at his service station and promised Claude that he'd close up his shop in time to meet the couple at his house so they could discuss the specifics of the painting job. When you talked to him earlier, he was, you said he was at his job y Yeah, he was at his job. Okay. And you were, do you know the name of his business or no, all I know he work at a service station or something like that. He was telling me on the phone. Okay, So you made contact with him and he says to call him when you get to Winston and did y'all discuss anything over the telephone? Yes we did. We discussed the price of the house and how much and $600.


Well he was gonna pay me $300 down for patenting the haul a start. Right. And then when I finished the house, he like it. He, he was satisfied with the job. He paid me the other 300. You said you've never actually personally met him, correct? With the one that, that you were gonna do the painting? No, I, I never met him. Never met him, but he talked so nice on the phone and everything. You know he was a gentleman? Yes. Yes sir. He spoke real well. And he told you he was gonna pay you cash? Oh yes sir. Yes sir. Shortly after 6:00 PM about a half hour before the scheduled meeting, Claude and Gloria arrived in Winston Salem.


Mr. Jones had told them to just call him when they got into town and he'd direct them to his house. So they used a payphone at a gas station to dial his home and cell numbers. But Mr. Jones never picked up. They kept at this for more than an hour. We called about 30 times, 30 times. And then my wife, she called his daughter. The daughter he's referring to is Mr. Jones's youngest daughter Rhonda Richardson, Hairston. She lived in Charlotte and her husband at the time had referred Claude to Mr. Jones for the painting job because Claude had done work at their home in the past. RDA give my wife my future wife direction to get here.


Okay. And we got here, it was 10 minutes to eight. Oh close to quarter, about quarter to 10 minutes ahead. After speaking with Claude Police interviewed a guy named Brian Lindsay. He lived at 9 0 1 Moravian Street, which is the residence directly next to Mr. Jones' on the left. If you're looking at his home from the street, Brian claimed to have been hanging out around Tasha Coleman's house with Calvin Scriven. When Claude and Gloria first came by asking for directions, I was over at nine 15 and I walked over across the street to nine 16 to talk to my friend girl Tasha, but she was not home. So I sit in the house and talked to her boyfriend and we walked out on the porch.


And when we walked out on the porch, about two minutes later, a car came down the street and pulled in the driveway at nine 15 and asked us where did Nathaniel Jones stay? And we told him he stay across the street at 9 0 5. They say that they had to go talk to him 'cause they had to do some work for him. About, about 10 seconds later they ran back across the street and say they seen the man laying on the side of the car. That's when me and Kevin scr, we ran across the street and that on Nathan Jones laying on the side of the car on the see me. Could you see his body at all? I could hear, but it was dark. You know, he had on like dark clothes.


Did somebody check to make sure see if he was all right? Yes. Tasha, she was checking his heart and Kevin, he was checking the puff and at the time Kevin was saying he felt the little puff and Tasha say she didn't, she couldn't get no heart, you know, she didn't feel no heart. Deep, According to Brian, he'd been loitering around his house in several neighbor's places all evening, and he hadn't seen anything out of the ordinary. And you didn't notice anything unusual before other people pulled up or didn't hear anything unusual in the neighborhood? No. Brian's statement to police was brief and to the point, less than three minutes in total, but it's not like anything he said contradicted Calvin, Gloria, Tasha or Claude's version of events.


The author's big takeaway from talking with the witnesses at the crime scene was that they were beginning to triangulate a narrower timeline of Mr. Jones' movements leading up to his death, and it all came down to who was with him and when the last time anyone had spoken to him. According to police reports, Rhonda, his youngest daughter, had talked with her dad on his cell phone at around 5:45 PM At that time, Mr. Jones was alive and well, and on his way home from the service station, he told Rhonda he was going to drop off one of his nephews, Terrance Jones, who worked for him and then go home to meet the painter. When detectives spoke with Terrance at his place across town, he told police that he and Mr. Jones had closed up the Chevron station at 5:30 PM After that, they'd gotten into the Lincoln together, ran errands at a tobacco shop and local grocery store, and by 6:17 PM they were in the parking lot of Terrance's apartment complex.


Terrence said he specifically remembered the time because he looked at the clock when he walked into his front door. Now I've done the math and it's an eight minute drive from where Terrence lived to where Mr. Jones lived at 9 0 5 Moria Street, which meant Mr. Jones should have gotten home sometime around 6:25 PM or 6:30 PM at the latest. That is, if he didn't make any other stops, which everyone agrees, he likely didn't because there's no record of that in the case file or witness statements. Based on what Claude and Gloria told investigators, all of their phone calls to Mr. Jones went unanswered after they got into town at 6:15 PM The phone records in the case file for his house phone indicate he was not picking up at all after that same time.


And there were also a bunch of missed calls on his cell phone during that timeframe. So all of that would indicate that Mr. Jones was most likely attacked sometime after 6:15 PM or else he should have been answering his phones. So just to recap, the last time Mr. Jones was seen alive was at or around 6:17 PM He wasn't discovered in his carport until seven 40 ish. After speaking with the witnesses there on scene, who'd found Mr. Jones police forged ahead and kept gathering as much information as possible? Around 9:30 PM two hours into the investigation, a lead detective was assigned the case.


That guy's name was Mark Griffin. He walked through the crime scene and sort of took inventory of what first responding officers had learned so far. Around that same time, Mr. Jones' family had started to gather nearby. This group included his daughters, grandchildren, son-in-laws, church friends, neighbors, you name it, Chris Polite, who lived directly behind Mr. Jones and was friends with his relatives. Remembers the somber scene? Well, The family was in the church parking lot and the minister, they pastor and my pastor was there trying to comfort, you know, comforting the family. At the time we was up there, his phone was ringing. I guess people had heard stuff and he still had his phone in his pocket.


You could hear his phone ringing and you can hear, you know, nobody, you know, I guess people knowing that he denounced his phone, but that phone continued to ring. Charles Paul, Mr. Jones' son-in-law, who was married to Robin, explained to detectives how fast word had spread from Rhonda to Robin and eventually to him that something bad had happened on Moravian Street. The painter had called Rhonda and said that wasn't nobody at home, so she wanted me to come over to the house to see if everything was okay. I was on my way And I had both of them on two-way talking to them on my way, getting over here.


And then by the time I got here, the paramedics and stuff had him on the ground and was tending to him and they wouldn't let me see him. It's during this interview with Charles that detectives mind information about Mr. Jones, for example. They wanted to know if he had any enemies, could he have been specifically targeted, and that's when they learned something important. He don't know why anybody would do him harm unless it was for money or robbery. You said sometimes he carries some money on him? Yep. How much money does he usually carry on him? I think at least five, $5. 500. 500, 500. You know, coming from the solicitation, where does he usually keep that money? He usually have a briefcase that the main thing we was worried about for them staying there by ourself was just robbery.


Sure enough, when the Winston-Salem Police Department crime scene technician processed Mr. Jones Lincoln, shortly after detectives interviewed Charles, the tech found a brown leather briefcase in the trunk that contained gold and silver coins, two bank bags and a total of $1,416 in cash. When the medical examiner arrived at 11:00 PM and looked over Mr. Jones's body, he discovered an additional $872 in cash tucked into the 61 year old's front pants pocket Anne Wright breast shirt pocket. The only thing missing was his wallet for police. The absence of that item pointed to a possible motive of robbery gone wrong and they assumed that whoever had attacked Mr. Jones either didn't know about the cash in his front pockets and car trunk, or they just hadn't thought to look before leaving the scene.


Back at WSPD headquarters, Chuck Byram learned about the crime and took a phone call from one of his colleagues named Jerome. Paul. Jerome was off duty and didn't work in the criminal investigations unit, but he was related to Charles Paul. He asked me, Chuck, you know, the family is really torn up about this and I know that you're working evening shift, so if there's anything that that you can do to accelerate or try to get a beat on who did this to Mr. Jones, you know, the family would greatly appreciated The robbery scenario was the police department's most promising theory. It steered the investigation from that point forward and for good reason, there were additional clues inside the carport and on the Lincoln Town car itself that confirmed robbery was likely the suspect or suspect's motive.


Police reports explained that there were two faint partial shoe prints found on the hood of the car. And because the vehicle had been pulled in headfirst and not backed in the shoe impressions hadn't been rained on and were still visible to the naked eye. They were on an area of the hood that sat directly beneath the carports overhead motion sensor light. When the crime scene tech took a closer look at the light bulbs of that light, he determined they had been unscrewed just enough to stay in the sockets, but not actually turn on when triggered by the motion sensor, this prompted the lead detective to write in his report that it appeared someone had used the hood to boost themselves up to reach the light and disable it most likely so that they could commit the crime without being seen.


But my question was, how did the suspect or suspects do that without Mr. Jones seeing them? It's pretty risky. Jumping up on the hood of a car, not to mention physically involved. Well, the answer to that question was in the details of the crime scene, specifically right inside Mr. Jones' kitchen. The police department's evidence tech had collected some grocery items from Mr. Jones' home that were found sitting on his kitchen table. Those items matched what Terrance Jones, his nephew, told detectives he bought for his uncle on their trip home from work Friday evening. So the fact that the groceries had made it inside the house caused detectives to assume that Mr. Jones had most likely been ambushed shortly after getting out of his car and setting his groceries in his kitchen, then stepping back outside to either retrieve more stuff from his car or while getting his mail from his mailbox, which was mounted to the front right side of the carport.


The bigger questions were, how many assailants were there? 1, 2, 3. Were they there all along just hiding, waiting for the right moment to strike? Investigators didn't know, but they were about to speak with a witness who happened to be driving by the crime scene. At the precise time, Mr. Jones was jumped and what she saw is perhaps the most critical piece of information in this entire story In that area. It was dark. She goes by and she, she knows that's not Mr. Jones in the car. It's all coming up. In the next episode of CounterClock, episode two jarring.


Listen, right now.