
Hi Crime junkies. It's Ashley.


Six years ago when we did our very first Crime Junkie tour, we told a story about a young girl who was MURDERED. Well, within that story, the killer had Googled Dana Ireland autopsy photos. That small piece of the larger story set me on a years long spiral, picking apart the murder of a young woman on Christmas Eve. Three men were convicted of her murder, but it was clear that the real killer had never been identified. But how that happened is a wild story, one that we are telling you in the new season of three hosted by Amanda Knox. Hear the full story in season two of three. You can listen to three now wherever you get your podcasts.


The number one bed for couples Sleep Number smart bed lets you personalize firmness and temperature sleep better together all night long. And I had this epiphany that this is a bed that's gonna age and grow with me because we had Eric's grandparents over and they wanted their Sleep Number setting at five, which is wild to me. My Sleep Number setting is 75. But it was a great reminder that this bed is a long-term investment and can change as I do. Choose your ideal comfort on either side. Sleep Number, Smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number store near you. See store or Sleep Number dot com for details.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One, NA member FDIC.


This episode is brought to you by Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The all new S 25 Ultra is integrated with incredible AI features. It's a true AI companion capable of handling multiple tasks with just one ask. You can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to your friends or search for recipes and add them to your notes. Plus now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings like your appointments, the weather, and your energy score. It's basically the rundown I used to get from my assistant every morning. And don't worry, AI will never put her out of a job. She is amazing. But the now brief with Galaxy AI makes it easy to plan and organize everything from where we're going to lunch to debrief and interview on a reporting trip to travel plans for the tour. You can even use it to help plan your trip to see the Crime Junkie Life rule number 10 tour. Get your Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Seamless actions across apps is compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


Hi Crime junkies, I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today is about how a young woman's senseless and violent murder shone a light in all the darkest parts of one small northern Manitoba community and it put a whole town on trial. It's a story that is just as important to hear today as it was over 50 years ago when it happened. And it feels all too familiar even in 2025. This is the story of Helen Betty Osborne.


It is a cold gray morning in November, 1971 and a 14-year-old named Kenneth is fishing with his father on Clearwater Lake in northern Manitoba. And of course by fishing when you're a kid, I mean he's like sitting there and sitting there. He's not moving, he's not talking and it's for hours. He's like just hoping they might get a fish. So you can imagine Kenneth gets kind of antsy. So he tells his dad that he's just gonna go for a walk, see if he can find any rabbit tracks in the snow or something like that. Now it's about 1130 in the morning and Kenneth is next to this pump house on his way back down to the lake when according to coverage in the Winnipeg sun. Some strange tracks in the snow catch his eye and he's a curious kid.


So he follows the tracks into the thick bush. The snow is crunching beneath him and that's when he comes upon the body of a woman. She's naked with only boots on her feet and she's all bloody and badly beaten. So Kenneth immediately runs back to get his dad and the two of them jump in the car. They drive to the closest place, which is I think this airport to call police. But as luck would have it, there's actually an RCMP officer, which we know Royal Canadian Mounted Police. He's on site when they get there. According to Lisa Priest's 1989 book, conspiracy of Silence. This officer doesn't have experience necessarily as a criminal investigator.


He's actually the pilot who's in charge of like the MP's air division or whatever. Okay, so he's just like at the airport because that's where he is. Yeah. But he still heads down towards the lake with them. Like he'll take a first like look at all of this. And he's also keeping in mind like I need to be careful not to do anything that would disturb a potential crime scene. Preserve things, right? And when he gets there, it like very clearly is a crime scene. So he has to call in back up. Now it takes some time to get investigators all the way out to where they are, but by 1 45 in the afternoon they have a team on site who is processing everything, gathering evidence. The victim looks to be in her late teens. She's small with kind of short shaggy dark hair that's kind of matted in clumps.


Her skin is swollen and purple and she is covered, I mean chest, head, neck, face in dozens of these tiny stab wounds. So it is clear that she suffered a vicious and brutal attack. One that went on long after she stopped fighting. And this might get kind of graphic, so content advisory, but investigators describe kind of this halo of blood that was around her head almost like someone had stomped on her face and like made it so it like the blood was like going out of the tiny stab wounds that were made. I mean it was that bad. Hmm. The word that came up so many times over and over again in Lisa's book was the word frenzy.


Like this was a frenzied attack. It looked like whoever did this was angry and frantic, vicious even. And what's interesting is they did take time to hide her clothing 'cause several items of hers were hidden under some rocks down closer by the lake. And the person who stabbed and stomped her and the person who's hiding her clothing might not be the same person because there are two sets of footprints, one on each side of the victim's body. And there's even drag marks showing that they pulled her by her arm. So it's not like it was her footprints in someone else's. Right. This is someone else there, a third person now she didn't look like she'd been out there very long, less than a day.


Which is a lucky break because unlike in the warmer months when folks spend time at the cabin surrounding the lake, this area is pretty much deserted in November. Like if not for Kenneth getting antsy, if not for his dad, making them wait it out in silence, if not for the fish that day refusing to bite. She may not have been found until the next spring, if at all, which is probably what the killers were counting on maybe. And if so, that means that the killers knew the area. But the question is did they know the victim? Well in order to find that out, they need to know who she is, which is a difficult task given the injuries to her face and her head. Over the next several hours, police will end up bringing in a total of 31 people to try and identify their Jane Doe.


Yeah. But no one can of these 31 people like friends and family of potentially missing people. Yeah. Now in this time when they're bringing in person after person, there is a missing persons report that comes in from the paw. The paw is the nearest town about 25, 30 minutes away from this lake where they found the Jane Doe. Now this missing person's report is for a 19-year-old named Helen Betty Osborne who goes by Betty according to the woman who files the report. And that woman is Patricia Benson. She is who Betty was living with. And I'll touch on that in just a moment. Like the dynamic there. Now according to what Patricia tells police, Betty hadn't come home after being out the night of November 12th. And when was the Jane Doe found?


She's found on the 13th. Okay, so this is like really soon. Patricia's husband, William is one of the 31 people actually who they brought in to potentially identify the Jane Doe. But even when they bring him in, he can't, I mean that's how, that's how bad this is. But they're so bad he also can't say that it's not her either. So they end up sending an officer to the Benson's house to lift fingerprints from Betty's school books to compare to the victim. And that is when she's finally identified. Now when her full autopsy is completed, everyone is truly shocked to learn what this young woman endured. I mean it was almost unspeakably brutal. She had been stabbed a total of 56 times.


11 of those were in the heart and the rest were two her face and the back of her head. And according to Bill McDonald reporting for the Winnipeg son, he said that these stab wounds, I I told you they were kind of like small, they were like a little strained, but he reported that they were most likely from a screwdriver. Now one injury to the lower back of her head stands out from the others because it is over two inches deep. And the weapon went through her skull and over an inch and a half into her brain, this is how severe this is her skull, her cheekbones, the roof of her mouth all broken. Her lungs were damaged, a kidney was torn. She has bruises all over her body, which may have been caused by someone beating her with their hands or their feet or some kind of blunt weapon.


And her injuries are so severe that it's impossible to tell exactly which one of these led to her death and when during the attack she might have died. But this is without a doubt a homicide. So the next day the investigators go back out to the area where she was found with a police dog. And about three quarters of a mile from the crime scene, they find gloves, they find a couple pieces of a white cotton bra, they find a paper bag. All of this stuff is covered in blood. Mm. And about a half mile from the airport in a ditch, they find a flat hedge screwdriver also covered in blood. Oh, so this, their thinking has got to be their murder weapon.


Yeah. Or at least one of them. Mm. Because it turns out that another screwdriver had also been found by a civilian, I guess his airport employee. He'd been like driving in the area on the afternoon of the 13th and he'd found like a whole different screwdriver on the road, which he had just like tossed in his trunk, thought nothing of it until he heard about the murder. So he brought that one to police. He feels like, you know, this could be really promising lead. There's actually a name engraved on the screwdriver, Hansen or Ransom, something like that. And I assume that one wasn't covered in blood. I Don't think so. Or I, I would hope that he didn't just Like, that would be like a red flag situation. Yeah. I would hope he didn't just like throw it in his car and be like, oh, now that I know about a murder, the screwdriver with blood.


But I don't know that for sure. But either way, covered in blood, not covered in blood. They obviously like see the potential in this and they collect this as evidence. Is this a second murder weapon? We don't know. Now another lead that comes to police is in the form of this taxi driver named Philip who tells police that he was driving along that same highway where the screwdriver was found sometime after 4:00 AM the morning of the 13th, after he had just dropped off two customers. And he said as he's driving he ends up behind a car that was like all over the road, just like zigzagging around. He said the driver was very obviously drunk, like the car almost went into a ditch at one point.


And he says the vehicle was a white or a light blue car. And oh by the way, this doesn't happen in most cases. He got a peek at the license plate, which included the numbers four and two. How close does that get them to somebody? Like how much does it narrow it down? It helps. So they go from like, you know, every car, right? Every light color car to a list of 5,000 cars, 5,000 plus people with a whiter light blue car and the number's two and four Somewhere. Somewhere. Yeah. In the license plate. But while one option is to go down the list one by one and maybe you'll get there in a few years like you know, right. Hopefully it's the first one. But you know, you never know.


The other option is to do some investigative work and use this list more as like a cross reference. Right? Mm. Which that's the route they decide to go in. And they start by retracing Betty's steps on the night of her murder.


Growing up Melissa had what looked like the perfect life loving family. Great friends, until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. Paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go. To uncover the truth, Anna Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. We got the chance to watch the first couple episodes of Happy Face Early and I was absolutely on the edge of my seat. You all have to check it out too. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


In 19 32, 1 man opened a two room business school above a nondescript storefront in downtown Manchester, New Hampshire. How did it become one of the largest universities in the country? Okay, this case isn't exactly a mystery. Southern New Hampshire University offers over 200 degrees you can earn from your couch and with low online tuition. Southern New Hampshire University makes earning your degree affordable too. Find your degree@snhsu.edu slash Crime Junkie. That's sn h u.edu/ Crime Junkie.


Now quick backstory, Betty is indigenous and she wasn't living with her family at the time she was living with the Bensons. I told you I'd mentioned Patricia Benson, she was living with them while she went to high school 'cause she was born on a reserve where the schooling only went up to eighth grade. So she was taking part in this government sponsored program where indigenous students could like board with a local family to finish high school, which I can't even imagine like that has to be so hard. Like disruptive. Yeah. You're already in this very like awkward time of your life. But Betty was super ambitious. She wanted to eventually go to college to be a teacher or a nurse or a lawyer. Like she had big dreams and she was working really hard to achieve them.


So her last night at the Benson's home the 12th, she ate dinner with the family at around six. Then she went out to visit a friend at the hospital While she was there she ran into an old friend of hers, this guy named George. And then the two of them decided to just grab a few beers together, head to the Benson's to kinda just catch up. Reminder, we're in 1971 Canada, my US friends like beers at 19 A. Okay, right. But by 10, 10 30 Mrs. Benson said like Listen, it's time to wrap it up. But Betty and George weren't ready to call it a night. So they head downtown where they meet up with a few more friends. Now around 11 the crew was walking past a hotel and Betty saw her boyfriend with some other friends of his in the lobby of this hotel.


Her boyfriend's name is Cornelius Biggey and author Lisa Priest actually interviewed him when she was writing her book. And she described him as kind of like, you wouldn't guess it with this name, but like this Casanova Playboy type as evidenced by the fact that it wasn't just friends he was with that night. Cornelius was actually with another girl that night and Betty wasn't happy about it. The two of them had gotten into a big fight over this and it ended in Betty and her friends leaving. After that they went back to the Benson's. They had a couple more drinks in a shutout back because again, Mrs. Benson's like too late. Yeah.


And then around midnight the other friends left and Betty and George went back downtown again. But by 1230 George was over it. It's cold, it was dark, it wasn't exactly a great time of night to be walking around in the paw, especially if you're indigenous. And both Betty and George are, so George went home but Betty didn't want to. So Betty's alone at this point? Yes She was. And police can put her outside the hotel again at around 1245. She's just like walking by then we know she's seen at all legion dance at around two in the morning and they actually find a witness who saw her walking down the street after she left the dance. This was around like two 15 then after two 15 she's like off the grid.


I have to imagine that Playboy boyfriend is one of the first people they look into Initially. He's like the main suspect. Yeah. They bring him into the police station, they question him and they don't go easy. I mean at one point they even show him a picture of Betty's body. Like that's actually how he finds out that his girlfriend is dead. Mm. Like he hadn't known yet when they did that. But ultimately they end up ruling him out after he passes a polygraph, which we see all the time in the seventies. So they quickly move on and by the end of November they have talked to everyone in Betty's circle, all the cottage owners around Clearwater Lake where she was found. I mean half the town pretty much has been talked to and they still haven't got a clue who she was with after two 15 or how she ended up all the way out at the lake.


'cause by the way, someone would've had to have driven her out there. Like she might have been able to walk from the Bensons to downtown and back. Like that was super easy. But This is so far off the beaten path. It yeah, you would need a car. It's Like a 30 minute drive. So like it's not like she's making this walk. It's not even walkable really. It may be, but certainly not in the dead of winter. Right at night. Right. So with the good old gum chewing, not getting them very far, they decide, okay listen we tried working it this way, we should maybe go back to our list of over 5,000 cars. Maybe we actually just need to go down that one by one 'cause we don't have anyone to like cross-reference or everyone we are cross-referencing is getting ruled out.


Right. But still they can't start at 5,000. They gotta find a way to narrow it down a little bit. So what they decide to do another fund seventies thing, they decide to bring Philip the taxi driver back in and this time put him under hypnosis to see if maybe he can remember a few more of the license plate letters. Okay. And this time he gives them four numbers this time in sequence five dash 3 4 2 which narrows that list of 5,000 plus possible cars down to just 28. And even better, only one of them is registered to an owner in the paw. The owner is a guy by the name of Bud Colgan and seeing his name is completely puzzling to police because they know Bud Bud's like good know him or bad know him.


Bud's a good Guy, Bud's got a wife and kids, he's like definitely not your murder. A teenager kind of guy Might be time to rethink everything you know about, but There was But they're no, they say no. They're like no what a weird thing that he just ended up on our list. Like I actually don't believe that they questioned Bud at all. Now part of the reason might be because I know that his car had been stopped sometime around the time of the murder as a like part of a routine traffic stop. And at the time it wasn't Bud driving, it was his son Lee who was driving. And when I say around the time of Betty's murder, I can't find an exact date. So I don't know if this was like a routine traffic stop, like I don't think they were setting up roadblocks or anything like that.


I don't even know if we're talking days or weeks or how they even like made the connection that someone saw his car. But basically they were like, oh we saw his car around that time too and there was like nothing fishy in the car. So can't be like, I know it doesn't make sense but like it doesn't make sense. Like they, I think they use that as part of the reason to like write him off or write off the car. Okay. So just to be clear, bud has a son who is around like Betty's age driving the car. I know, I know. I feel like I Honestly and like you can't pin down the time. Especially Like, like now like knowing he has a son again, they're like oh bud's a good guy. Okay, well okay, what about the son? Yeah, what about, yeah, exactly, exactly.


Follow Up questions. At the very least, Todd casters have them. These police did not like still they are very much like nothing to see here folks. And just like that this lead, their only lead at this point. Yeah. Just fades away. And by doing that they're basically just discounting taxi driver, Philip siding, like this whole list. Everything that they're counting on. They're main lead right now. Well Yeah. Yeah. They're like oh this one that actually makes sense. We have one registered in this area where it happened like oh Well. Yeah, either they're discounting a sighting or they're like, oh him seeing the car means nothing. Maybe maybe the car Wasn't, that's discounting the sighting. Well I, I mean they could, they could think that the sighting happens.


Do you know what I'm saying? Am I make sense or am I not understanding You? Yeah but there one person that it could be. Dude stop. I we'll get there. Okay. So after this Betty's case goes cold, no one comes forward with new information and since we're in 1971, we are a far cry away from DNA. Was there Anything that they could collect to potentially use later? I mean I know that they took blood samples, they took photos of the footprints, some nearby tire tracks, like closer to her body. I know they took her clothes. Spoiler alert though, like none of it ends up being useful later on. It's not. Well there might be forensic evidence on it but it's not what we're gonna end up relying on. Cool. Now her cooling case doesn't go entirely cold because the following year in May police get an anonymous letter postmarked in Marquette, Michigan, April 28th, 1972.


Now I found the letter in the report of the Aboriginal Justice Inquiry of Manitoba. What a mouthful. Yeah, but it's, it's like one of the most important letters we get in this case. So Bri I'm gonna have you read it. Okay. It says Sirs, the following information was related to persons in the fall of 1971 concerning the murdering of a young lady later found on a beach near the paw Manitoba. The story was related by Lee Col being in a state of intoxication and near tears that he had been driving his car accompanied by Jim Houghton and Norman Manger. There were two or three mentioned but their names are forgotten. They had forced the girl into this car where it was then driven to the murder site, the girl being raped by all.


She had threatened police action. She was then MURDERED using a screwdriver punch or similar instrument. Gordy Buck had seemingly witnessed the car returning from the beach in the early am. And Lee Colgan lives in constant fear of information possible being forwarded to the local authorities. It is hoped that investigation by the officers can produce results. The informants do not wish to identify as reprisals. Were threatened by Lee Colgan against the friends and families concerned. These men are all of the local area of the paw Manitoba. So I feel like all roads are leading back to leap, right?


Yeah. It might be worth, I don't know, talking to the kids since they have not yet, but not so fast. First They, they don't just put it away but they try and do some digging to validate what is in this letter. They confirm that the three guys named in the letter. So Lee, Jim and Norm who were 18, 23 and 25 when Betty was MURDERED, all three are known to hang around together. They're also able to place all three of these guys at the Legion dance on November 12th, which is where Betty was. Betty was. That's one of the last places she was seen. Did She know them? So no. Not like, well the only one in the group who might have known her or at least known of her was Lee.


'cause he'd been in one class with Betty at high school. Sometimes he'd play volleyball and basketball with her boyfriend Cornelius. And she would be like, you know, watching her boyfriend play or whatever. But like they for sure weren't friends just in this area. Might have like known each other's names. Right. Crossed paths. Yeah. Anyway, police tracked down Lee and Norm first. They both live in the paw and they both flat out deny having anything to do with Betty's murder. Surprise, surprise. Jim is a little harder to track down the Justice inquiry report says RCMP speak with his parents in an attempt to locate him. 'cause I guess Jim has since moved away from the paw, but it doesn't say if they actually ever question him.


It's really strange. And I mean like it's hard to like go full speed at somebody, especially after they leave because the only thing they have right now is circumstantial. Like evidence. It's this letter. Yeah. Witness statements. Yeah. So detectives go back to that thread that they never pulled on the Colgan's car. And when they actually do go look at it like meaningfully look at it, guess what they find freaking right there. Blood stains and hair that looks like Betty's. Oh and a bra strap. The same kind or it looks like it belongs to the same bra as the one that they'd found in pieces at the crime scene. And this Is what like six months later?


Seven. I know. And Was this car still being like driven around like the family had to have known? I'm Assuming it's still being driven and we're not talking. So here's the thing, we're not talking like huge bloodstains or chunks of hair. It's more like a few strands. I think maybe a couple small bloodstains when they're really trying to process this car. I think one, if I remember correctly, the bloodstain was like on a strap underneath the backseat. So it's not something that that I think they would've like. They're like, oh look at all this evidence just like laying around. I think it kind of went hidden unless you were really looking for it. And even though it's not a lot, it is still not a good look. But when they go back to Lee Colgan with this evidence and they're like, Hey, how do you explain this?


He's basically like, so what? Like you found a bra strap and some blood that doesn't prove anything. But what does it prove Lee? Like where'd the blood come from? He doesn't Say no, he doesn't say he denies any involvement. And unfortunately even with what they have and this like anonymous letter, like it's not enough to actually do anything with, but I mean you gotta think if the letter writer is correct. It wasn't just Lee. Norm and Jim are in the car that night too. And apparently there's someone else that they should be looking for. And on June 23rd, another anonymous hipster comes forward with another


name. Growing up Melissa had what looked like the perfect life loving family, great friends until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. Paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth, Anna Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. We got the chance to watch the first couple episodes of Happy Face early and I was absolutely on the edge of my seat. You all have to check it out too. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount plus


T-Mobile Home internet is all about speed value. What you doing Zach? I'm rehearsing for our T-Mobile Home internet radio commercial. Why don't do a little vocal warmup? I love their fast speed. I love their fast speed, I love their fast speed. Try singing it. T-Mobile has price lock. They won't raise your rate on internet. Just one chord. It's an easy set. Oh, easy set. Oh, Get T-Mobile home internet for just 35 bucks a month with autopay and any postpaid voice line.


This new tipster gives police the name Dwayne Johnston. This is a local from the Paw who was 18 when Betty was killed. Now this name Dwayne was not mentioned in the letter, right? And he doesn't really chum around with these other guys either. But police do know who he is mostly because he is associated with this group known as the pop bikers who tend to get themselves in trouble with police like barely often. And What does he have to say? Dwayne refuses to cooperate like he has a lawyer and the same lawyer also ends up getting hired by Lee, Jim and Norm. Oh cool. Now all of them refuse to talk, but I mean the town's talking though.


Rumors are flying left and right. Stories of Lee getting drunk and telling whoever he's with that he was there that night. He knows what happened to Betty. But again, like we just have rumors and rumors don't get you a arrest warrant. True. But what does Bloodstains in your car get you? Not a whole lot in 1971. So it stays this way for 10 years. It's not until the summer of 1983 when a new investigator Robert Binowski cracks open Betty's case again. And in 1983 there's a little, not a lot, but a little more they can do with forensic evidence. So he tracks down all the evidence and resubmits it for testing.


He interviews every officer who worked on the file over the last 12 years. He talks to police informants. He locates all four suspects who are by now kind of just scattered around Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba. And it turns out when he's going around talking to these people and people around them, they're still just out there talking about the murder of Betty Osborne. So Binowski knows this case is solvable. So he asked to investigate it full-time and RCMP is like, listen, knock yourself out. So there are a few things he does to get the ball rolling again. So this is a little further down the line in 1985. Now one of the things he does is this whole wire tapping operation that to make a long story short, doesn't result in much of anything he can actually use.


So in the summer of 1985, he puts an article in the local paper asking for the public's help solving Betty's case. He says he believes she was lured into a car taken to the lake where she was killed. And he even in this like post addresses the fear of retaliation that has kind of permeated a lot of the rumors surrounding these four guys. But he assures the public, listen, any tips are who comes forward you, you'll remain anonymous. And this works like the floodgates open with tips. And the first person to come forward is a woman named Andrea, who according to Bill McDonald's reporting for the Winnipeg son tells detectives that she heard Dwayne Johnston brag about the murder at a party one night back in 1972, back when she was 14.


She says that at one point during this party Dwayne stood up, he made stabbing motions with his hand and admitted to stabbing her over and over and, but he was laughing about it and later said that it felt great to kill someone. There's a second woman that comes forward and says that she too heard that Dwayne had killed Betty, but one of his friends threatened to kill her if she ever told anyone. Then the third witness that comes forward is a local sheriff named Gerald. And Gerald tells Binowski that he'd been drinking at the Legion one night with his buddy Lee when the bartender brought over a vodka and orange juice and said it in front of Lee.


And he's like, this is courtesy of the RCMP. That drink is called a screwdriver. That's a screwdriver. Apparently the local cops used to do this to Lee like all the time. For years my, because like they always felt like my, he was not only the person, not only the person, but in the group of people who are the persons, like he was potentially the weak link or like in their chain of silence. He was the one that maybe they could break. Like if they could wear him down enough, maybe he would talk one day. So Gerald's sitting down with him, he gets this screwdriver after the drink arrives, Lee gets really upset and he just starts telling Gerald again, not, not that he's not doing this all around. People have been hearing these rumors for so long, right? He starts telling Gerald about how he was there, how police won't leave him alone ever since.


And at that point Gerald like hustled Lee out of the bar into his camper where they had another drink. He's like kind of like, I don't think trying to open the floodgates even more. And he gets him to just start talking. Lee tells him the whole story of Betty's murder. I'm Sorry, when is this happening? This was the drinks and stuff like at the Legion. This is happening in like 1977 or 78 and Lee's telling all of this to a sheriff. A sheriff, not like the sheriff in charge of the investigation, but but Still a law enforcement officer. Why are we talking about it so many years later then? I don't know, I I, I imagine he feels like he's getting the same, right?


Like this isn't the first time he's opened up. I imagine he feels like he's getting the same story that all these people around town have been getting. Surely police must know about it. Like we see that all the time. Like Surely someone reported this and looked into it, it's not important for me to come forward with this, Right? Right. But now that they're like, again, this request for information opens up, this guy calls in and be like, just to make sure you know that this happened. And they're like, No. And they're like, dad like doesn't know this is, this is helpful. So after Urbanski submits everything he's learned to the attorney general's department and despite not having much new in the way of physical evidence, charges are approved. I don't know what changed because again, they don't have more now like I don't know if the sources seem more credible.


I don't know if the number of stories they have or people coming forward is just, but the witness statements are enough. Yeah. So Lee is arrested in October of 1986, followed by Dwayne Johnston's arrest a few weeks later. And what about the other two guys? So they're not arrested. There are a couple reasons for that. First of all, the people who come forward with information, none of them had anything to say about Norm and Jim. Like all the stories were about Lee and Dwayne and I don't know, they might be thinking that Lee, I mean again, Lee's the one that seems like the weak link to them. They might be thinking that if they can get a confession out of him, then they can. If there was other people involved, other things will fall into place. Exactly. But initially Lee and Dwayne hold out, they refused to tell investigators what happened that night, which is a far cry from how Lee in particular has been acting for the last 15 years.


Again, I think they thought they were gonna put pressure on him and fold right away. Yeah, they're gonna get the whole story. But he clammed up refusing to implicate himself or his friends until right before his preliminary hearing in 1987. That's when he says, I'll give you everything and I'll give you what you need to arrest Jim Houghton. But in exchange I want full immunity. Full immunity, full immunity. And as painful as it is without Lee's testimony, frankly even with his testimony, the Crown prosecutor knows that the defense is gonna run a freight train through the holes in their case. There is no slam dunk physical evidence like we are just starting to like think about maybe someday using DNA right?


The idea of DNA, right? It would be another year before DNA shows up in the Canadian courtroom. So it literally is not a thing at this point. So what might be physical evidence today was just circumstantial back in the eighties, you have four possible suspects, each of whom could have been the one to kill Betty. Like they need Lee's testimony if they're going to secure a conviction, any convictions, even if it means he walks away. So with his immunity secured, Lee spills his guts. He says that on Friday night, November 12th, 1971, he borrowed his father's car and he norm manger and Jim Houghton went into town to drink and just like cruise around, they went to the Legion and just drove around some.


And then they met up with Dwayne Johnston as the Friday night crowd was starting to thin out, they decided that they wanted to find an indigenous girl to party with as in have sex with. And they were gonna do this whether this woman that they found consented or not, which just shows you what their intentions, I think were from the beginning. According to Sherry Noreen's reporting for the Thompson citizen, this whole driving around looking for a girl to party with, again, this is like an indigenous girl specifically, this was common practice around this time. And the girl they found on that night was Betty. But Betty had no interest in even talking to these guys, let alone sleeping with any of them.


But like I said, they're not gonna take a simple no for an answer. So they pulled over the car, Dwayne got out to try at first to convince her to come with them, but when that didn't work, he forced her into the backseat and the car took off. At this point in the night, Lee says that Jim was behind the wheel with Norm in the front passenger seat and Betty was in the backseat between Lee and Dwayne. They decided to go to Jim's family cottage near Clearwater Lake. The guys are all still drinking at this point and they were trying to get Betty to drink more too, but she was refusing, she was telling them that she didn't want to, she was begging them to let her go and that's when things turned violent. Dwayne began ripping off Betty's shirt and bra and started to sexually assault her.


Now Lee says he wasn't just like sitting back there watching, he was engaged in it too. He was groping her at this point, but Betty was not going down without a fight. She was clawing at them to the point where Lee says that he thought she was gonna like gouge Dwayne's eyes out or something. So instead of stopping stopping good, he held her arms down so Dwayne could continue assaulting her. Now when they got to the cottage, they all got outta the car and Lee says that he, Jim and Norm all stood around drinking while Dwayne kept going, kept assaulting Betty and Literally the others are just standing around watching it happen.


Well, at first that's how he positions it. Like, I mean, again, we know he like holds her down in the car, but he basically, like at first he says, yeah, we're like, it is all Dwayne. We're just kind sitting there. We're not stopping it. But in the Aboriginal Justice Inquiry's final report, he does end up admitting that he took part in the beating at this point of the night as well. Now he says they weren't at the cottage for very long because Betty wouldn't stop screaming and they started to worry that someone was gonna hear her. So they put her back in the car and they drive even farther out of town where they knew it would be deserted again. We knew they knew the area out to the lake. Lee says that when they got there, Dwayne took Betty out of the car, but that the other three stayed inside and just hept drinking.


He says every so often they would hear banging against the side or the back of the car and he was pretty sure that that was the sound of Betty being beaten even further. But again, none of them did anything to stop it. None of them did anything to help her. And Lee tells them that after five or 10 minutes the banging stopped. And at some point after that, Jim got out of the car. Betty was still alive at that point, like Lee could see her when the interior light went on, more time passed. And then Dwayne came back to the car, reached under the seat for a screwdriver and then he left again. Lee said that he and Norm waited a little bit longer, but like it felt endless.


So he climbed up into the driver's seat and turned the car around. And at that point he says he yelled out the window for the guys to just hurry up. No one answers at first. So he's like, okay, we're gonna leave without you. And then someone said back just a minute, and not long after Jim and Dwayne were back in the car and then one of them he doesn't remember which one said simply, she's dead. Now Lee says that he remembers the screwdriver being wiped off and thrown out the window while they were driving back into town. And he says they all parted ways once they got back to the paw. But before he and Jim split for the night, they made this pact to keep whatever happened, quiet between them.


And it's a pact that they later brought both Dwayne and Norm into his Well. Now the problem with this is that even with Lee's story, detectives still don't know who actually wielded the weapon that killed Betty Osborne. Now they think the likeliest candidate was probably Dwayne for a couple of reasons. First, he's already associated with the bikers in the paw, which like they're not technically a motorcycle gang in the organized sense, but they're also not like a polite, upstanding law abiding citizens either. Second, he is also well known in town for his racist views and his treatment of indigenous people, men and women alike.


And more importantly, he had been the guy overheard at a party that time talking about what it felt like to kill someone. So if Dwayne is the one holding the weapon, Jim just was out there with him watching it happen. He helped Dwayne drag Betty. That's, that's the implication. Either way, it's enough to get an arrest warrant for Jim, which they do in March of 1987. Then later that year in November, Dwayne and Jim stand trial for the first degree murder of Helen Betty Osborne. And this is just over 16 years after her murder actually took place. Whatever happened with Norm, what happened with him?


He never gets charged. And listen, he said he was there, but he was super drunk. It was awful. He said he didn't have anything to do with it. And part of Lee's whole story was that Norm was so disturbed by what was going on that he like curled up into a ball underneath the dash just like crying and whimpering. So I mean, it still puts him there, like it still puts you not helping, not stopping, not talking, but I guess they didn't feel like they had enough to actually take him to trial. So this trial against Dwayne and Jim, the only trial they're gonna have to hold anyone accountable, this gets underway in November of 1987. Truly in front of a jury of the killer's peers, all white made up primarily of working class men.


There are so many reasons to get or stay strong. Whatever motivates you, reach your fitness goals in a special judgment-free environment. Planet Fitness. At Planet Fitness, you'll find best in class equipment for a full body workout. From strength training to cardio to stretching. There are free weights, cable towers, Smith machines, upper and lower body strength machines, treadmills and stair climbers. And don't miss out on the brand new plate loaded machines like hack squats and supine benches too. Most Planet Fitness locations are open 24 hours, so you can work out whenever it fits your schedule. Plus all members have access to free fitness training and memberships start at just $15 per month. Join today at any convenient location near you online@planetfitness.com or on the Free Planet Fitness app. Ours amenities and offers may vary by club. Must be 18 years old to enroll or 13 through 17 with a parent or guardian.


Some mysteries are hard to crack like finding the right foundation. But with the help of NARS cosmetics, this case is officially solved. NARS light reflecting foundation now offers over 40 radiant shades designed across warm, neutral, and cool undertones. So there's a perfect match just waiting to be found plus NARS light reflecting foundation isn't just makeup, it's a special makeup skincare formula working behind the scenes to even out skin tone while delivering a natural skin like finish. It delivers medium buildable coverage with seamless blending and NARS light reflecting. Foundation is designed for all day wear so you don't have to take breaks for touch-ups. I wear the shade Patagonia, which is just the perfect medium, sort of peachy shade with neutral undertones. And the formula of NARS light reflecting foundation is so silky smooth and blends so well. The coverage is also super versatile. It covers my skin's uneven tones and blemishes, while also looking fresh and glowy. Shop NARS light reflecting foundation at an Alta location near you.


The crown argues that Dwayne and Jim, along with Lee and Norm, saw Betty walking down the streets in the paw, forced her into their car, drove her out to the lake where she was beaten and sexually assaulted. And at the end of the night they basically realized they'd gone too far. And so they killed her to avoid any kind of accountability at trial. Lee Colgan was of course, the star witness along with Norm and several people from the paw who'd been told about the murder over the years. I don't know, like maybe that freaking sheriff. Yes. So the sheriff is one of the witnesses who testifies at this trial about knowing at least in broad strokes, the details of the crime and who committed it. And he becomes kind of a lightning rod actually.


So according to Heidi Graham's reporting for the Winnipeg son, after he testifies, there are calls for a full public inquiry, not just about this sheriff and his role in keeping this secret, but about the whole The system, Yeah. Thing and why it took so long for police to charge someone. So this sheriff ends up getting investigated by the Attorney General and within a couple of months he's transferred to another job. Apparently they'd wanted to fire him, but they weren't confident would hold up with the employee's union. So anyways, he's one of the witnesses who takes the stand over the course of this seven day trial, each person telling the same story about the same crime committed by the same men, information that they had known for well over a decade without telling police.


I mean, they have physical evidence too, right? Like they have the murder weapon or two of them. It is later. And I mean they do, but actually the trial is far more about testimony than it is about physical evidence. Like I know they definitely bring forward all that stuff, the screwdriver, the blood, the hair, the backseat of Lee's car. But the physical evidence is very much like in the whole of this, like second to the testimony, which Makes sense because they weren't able to test any of that to like definitively without a doubt say this was Betty's blood. This was Betty's Hair, which is part of why I think that it, it played like second fiddle all in all the jury deliberates for a grand total of, I think this is the lowest I've ever seen. 30 minutes. Oh, and the verdict, or should I say verdicts?


This is a little surprising. Jim is acquitted and Dwayne is found guilty of second degree murder. Okay, so just to do some math, there were four people known to have been involved in this crime, like fully there while it happened, four people, there were three arrests, there were then two people on trial. And out of those two people we Got one Conviction. One conviction, yes. It's not great math. How, how is this what happened? It has a lot to do with who they are. Like when you look at the makeup of this, like Dwayne, the one guy who they get a conviction on, he has always known to be this racist low life, like right up until his arrest.


I mean there were intimate partner violence rumors about Dwayne too. Rumors that were denied by the women he'd been with. But it's not unthinkable. I think when you're, they're looking at the people in front of them. It's not unthinkable that this guy might do something like what was done to Betty. But here's the thing, like Jim, by the time that this trial comes around again, this is like 16 years later, I Would say it's the, by the time that's frustrating. Exactly. He's, he's got a wife, he's got a good job. The kids, the white picket fence, the whole deal. I mean, Jim is literally like coaching his kids' hockey team and barbecuing with neighbors on the weekend. I think people just like, they're like, but he's a good guy.


He's a nice guy, But what I can't get past is there were four people there that night. It, it to me, doesn't really matter if you're A nice guy now That you're a nice guy now or if you were the one holding the weapon or not. Like It's also frustrating that like he's a nice guy is the reason it took so long to get here in the first place, right? Like when they were like, oh, it's only this one guy's car. But he's a nice guy, right? He's a nice guy. Is everything that's wrong with this case? And again, like I'm sorry, do nice guys sit by while a woman is being MURDERED? Right? Like that's not a nice guy. That's not a nice guy. And not only like the thing you did, but even keeping it secret all those years, like what you did to Betty's family too.


Like you, you chose every day to put yourself above them while Also like bragging about it on the down low. Yeah. Like almost making a mockery of the lack of justice. Yeah. And speaking of that, a mockery of justice. Dwayne was sentenced to life in prison for Betty's murder, which feels good. Yeah. But he only serves 10 years and he was released in 1997. So The only conviction we Got, you got 10 years Yielded a sentence of 10 years. Yes. Now what I will say is that I don't think the only cell is a prison.


Like it gives me a little bit of solace that even when the system fails, sometimes there is something in the universe, even if it's a person's own conscious that tries to set things right. Like with Lee for example, I don't think it's a coincidence that despite having every opportunity in life and the unwavering support of his family, even though by all accounts he didn't deserve it, Lee went fully off the rails after the murder. He kind of just spiraled into drug and alcohol use. He couldn't hold a job. He has all these run-ins with police, domestic violence. And I mean, it gets so bad that after he was arrested they had to hold him in a secure hospital room so he didn't die detoxing in a cell.


So like those 16 years he, I mean, and more he had free, I don't think they were happy years. He's since died and the others have kind of just faded into obscurity. I know I had the team try and find out what they were doing now, but like couldn't really. But I like I understand keeping a low profile because their names will forever be tied to this prolific case, a case that should not have taken over a decade to solve. And I think everyone knows it's their fault that it did. Right. In April, 1988, the government of Manitoba established the public inquiry into the administration of justice and aboriginal people to look at the circumstances surrounding the investigation into Betty's murder.


And the final report says it better than I ever could. So Brett, I'm gonna have you read it. It is clear that Betty Osborne would not have been killed if she had not been aboriginal. The four men who took her to her death from the streets of the paw that night had gone looking for an aboriginal girl with whom to party. They found Betty Osborne when she refused to party. She was driven out of town and MURDERED. Those who abducted her showed a total lack of regard for her person or her rights as an individual. Those who stood by while the physical assault took place, while sexual advances were made and while she was being beaten to death, showed their own racism, sexism, and indifference.


Those who knew the story and remained silent must share their guilt. Amen. Yeah. Starting in 2021, a memorial fund was established in Helen Betty Osborne's name through the National Center for Truth and Reconciliation at the University of Manitoba. The goal of the scholarship is to provide financial support to full-time post-secondary indigenous students living in Manitoba. But even more than that, these students are recognized for their dedication and commitment to dismantling, quote, the barriers of racism, sexism, violence, and indifference in society, including those impacted by the missing and MURDERED indigenous people, genocide, and or survivors of gender-based violence.


Thanks to all of you who listen and who are in the fan club, audiochuck was able to make a donation to the Memorial Fund in Betty's name. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com, And be sure to follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with a brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve?


Hey, crime junkies, if you have a couple of extra minutes, I wanna tell you about this new series on Paramount Plus called Happy Face. Happy Face is a unique perspective on the notorious happy face Killer through the eyes of his daughter. Melissa Re. Melissa was 15 when she discovered her father's secret, despite trying to put the past behind her. Melissa's life is upended again when her father tries to reenter her life after decades of silence. I want you to listen to the trailer now and see what you think. Growing up, Melissa had a normal life, normal family, normal friends, until one day everything changed. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. Father, It's So good to see You, Missy. Don't call me that. He said he killed another woman. When I confessed in 95, I held one back. What's this victim's name? It can't be that easy Experience. The thrilling new series. There's a family Out there still wondering what happened to their daughter, Inspired by a true life story. He wasn't always a monster. He became one about Family. The stories we tell ourselves and what it takes to uncover the truth. If I don't deal with him, people will never leave us alone. You think you're so different. You don't see how that we're. Same to You, Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Queen Star. I'm not responsible for what my dad did. Let go on how you hoped. This eight part series explores the complicated relationship between a daughter and the monster she once loved, inspired by a true life story. Happy Face follows Melissa as she grapples with the dark legacy of her father starring Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid. Happy Face is now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com to get started.


Every day our world gets a little more connected, but a little further apart, but then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't worry, we'll get you taken care of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica. Empathy is our best policy.