
Hi everyone. Ashley Flowers here. If you love the mystery twists and investigations you hear on this podcast, then you are going to absolutely love my new novel, the Missing Half Set. Where I grew up in Northern Indiana, two young women go missing within weeks of one another. The only trace of them left behind are their cars left abandoned on the side of the road door open key in the ignition. And police are convinced that their cases have to be connected, but they can't solve them and the cases go cold for years. That is until these Girls sisters team up and do what police never could. But learning the truth sometimes has grave consequences.


And this book will have you questioning how far you would go for someone you love. The missing half hit shelves May 6th be the first to solve the mystery by pre-ordering your copy now@ashleyflowers.com or wherever books are sold.


This episode is brought to you by Sax fifth avenue@sax.com. It's easy to find your new spring vibe, whether it's refreshing your whole wardrobe or shopping for a vacation. sax.com is personalized with arrivals from brands picked just for you. You can shop for anything on your agenda like a larger than life Balenciaga bag for work or a Zimmerman dress for an upcoming wedding. Find inspiration for your personal style every day. Shop sax.com.


You know what they say, the most important part of your spring cleaning routine is your sock drawer. Yep, you heard that right? It's time to ditch any mismatched tired pears and refresh your collection with some fresh bombas. You probably saw my Bombas socks if you were at any of our live shows. I bought a whole new set to have some crisp socks when I kick off those shoes to tell you a story and I'll be rocking them on all of our upcoming tour stops too. And I'm starting to branch out of just white and get some really funky colors. The good news for everyone listening is Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to bombas.com/ Crime Junkie and use Code Crime Junkie for 20% off your first purchase. bombas.com/ Crime Junkie and use code Crime Junkie.


Today's episode of Crime Junkie is brought to you by State Farm. Life can throw curve balls when you least expect it. A surprise home repair or a life change that leaves you wondering what now? That's when you need someone you can count on with a State Farm agent. You know someone is there to help you choose the coverage you need. With so many coverage options. It feels good to know that you can find what fits for you, whether it's on the phone, online or on the award-winning State Farm mobile app like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Hi Crime junkies, I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today is a doozy around every corner there's a twist After a woman goes missing, it's up to law enforcement and her children to make sure justice is served. But listen closely because we think there might be more crimes out there connected to this case that are yet to be solved. This is the story of Charlotte Grabby.


It's around 8:00 PM on July 24th, 1981 when 21-year-old Jenny Grabby gets a call saying that her 39-year-old mother Charlotte hasn't come home after working in the field on the family farm. Now Jenny's brother, Jeff and his wife Cindy, Cindy's actually the one calling. They also live on the property with Charlotte, which is how they realized that she was MIA so quickly. So Jenny hops in her car, drives the few miles to the farm in Marshall, Illinois and together she, Cindy and Jeff Head to the soybean field where Charlotte had been working. Now, even though she's nowhere to be seen when they show up, they know she was here because they look in the shed that's nearby and they find Charlotte's tractor, they find Charlotte's lunchbox sitting on it and inside the lunchbox they find Charlotte's migraine medicine.


But again, no sign of Charlotte and no sign of her car, which like you could say would be all the more reason to think maybe she left on her own, but if she did that, why not take the medicine that she needs with her? I get that, but like farm kid here truly Sounds like your episode. Yeah, Sometimes stuff happens fast and you gotta move like just as quickly. I can totally see her popping out, leaving everything to take care of whatever emergency farm thing happened somewhere Else. You're gonna say all of this and yes you are not wrong, but I haven't given you the full context for why everyone is so worried. Charlotte is actually in the middle of a really nasty divorce with Jeff and Jenny's dad, Fred, which should be marking the end of years of abuse that Charlotte's endured at his hand.


I mean even shortly before the filing, he'd recently been charged with battery for assaulting her. So Fred's clearly not been willing to let go of Charlotte and while not many people outside of the family know what's been going on behind closed doors, Charlotte doesn't hide these ugly truths from her kids. They're grown adults and she looks to them for support. In fact, she had just told her family like days ago that if she ever didn't come home for any reason, something was up and they should come look for her. Ashley, I feel like you should have led with all of that information. I'm, I'm trying to tell a story here. So to add to their worry, a couple of neighbors tell Jeff and Jenny that Fred was actually spotted in the area around four to four 30.


So the kids set off to find Fred at this point, one of our reporters, Emily spoke to Jenny for this episode and she said that they looked around for him a little bit specifically at a couple of bars in the area where he was known to spend a lot of time. But when they couldn't find him, Jenny reached out directly to the Clark County Sheriff James Thompson known to the family and others in this small town as red. And by the next day, red enlists the help of the state police who are able to track Fred down, they end up finding him on the farm in the very place that his wife might have disappeared from that shed per the records. Fred tells police that in the early afternoon on the 24th he showed up at the shed with a woman named Vicki McAllister because she wanted a burn barrel.


So Fred began to load one up just as Charlotte started to pull up on the tractor. So I guess he instructed Vicki to hide in the front seat of his truck because oh by the way, Vicki was his new girlfriend. Oh and he wanted to avoid some kind of blow up, but it sounds like like that didn't really matter because then he admits that when Charlotte got off the tractor they started arguing about his and Vicki's relationship anyways. And Fred says that the fight ended with him telling Charlotte to go to hell and then he hopped in his truck and drove away. And he says that Charlotte actually followed him in her car racing up behind him to give him the finger. And the last time he saw her is when he crossed over I 70 while Charlotte went right heading towards Terre Haute, Indiana, which is like just over the like state line about 20 minutes from Marshall and the grabby property is super close to the border near the Wabash River.


Convenient that she just left on her own Very, and Fred also tells police that Charlotte has done this before and you know what? Like she might be gone, we might not be able to find her but she's gonna come back. She's playing some kind of game. And Did he say where he and Vicki went after this altercation? He Says that he went to a trailer which I think belonged to Vicki and he said he got there around 4:00 PM and then he stayed there till the next morning. Okay Fred. I know but like at least part of what Fred told police seems to be true because police follow up with the grab neighbors who indicate that they did see Fred driving in his pickup truck down the road with Charlotte's car following right behind him.


Just like he said, one of those neighbors said that this happened between four 15 and four 30. But this is where Fred's narrative starts to fall apart because both neighbors at they end up talking to tell authorities that they don't believe it was Charlotte driving Charlotte's car. One of the witnesses describes the driver as a woman who had blonde curly hair. Charlotte is known to have straight, short dark hair and both witnesses know Charlotte super well. So these accounts like have some real teeth to them. So The big question now is did Vicki McAllister have blonde curly Hair? This is my first question we asked Jenny and all these years later she says she couldn't exactly remember, she remembered it being like frizzy.


But according to police records we got our hands on, Cindy did tell police that Vicki had blonde curly hair and also we did get our hands on some pictures of her from back in the day and like definitely it looks light colored, definitely curly. So I don't think it's a mystery as to who could have been driving Charlotte's car. Now if I were red or the state police, obviously I'm going straight back to Fred calling him a big fat liar and pressing him to tell me why witnesses spotted someone who looked an awful lot like his girlfriend driving his missing wife's car the day that she went missing. Yeah, but I don't know if they did any of that. Like there's nothing I can see in the files that we have that shows they went and pressed Fred.


And I'm not saying they didn't, but what we do know is that on July 26th, this is now two days after Charlotte was last seen, this is when police interview Vicki except there's nothing about them pressing her on if she was the one driving that car. Not like the thing I wanna know the most. Yeah, Vicki pretty much just tells them the same story that Fred did. She says that she was hiding in the truck, she could hear Fred and Charlotte arguing. Fred eventually jumped in the truck and then they drove away arriving to her trailer between like four and five. So police don't get a whole lot from Fred and Vicki because It feels like we're not asking any of the important Questions aren't fair, but maybe they wanna define Charlotte's car before they go making accusations and luckily that is exactly what happens next.


Like the very same day that they interview Vicki Charlotte's car is discovered, parked and locked at a bar in Terre Haute. And unfortunately, or maybe fortunately there's nothing super alarming about the condition of the car. Like when police finally get inside and search the vehicle, there's no signs of a struggle or blood or anything. The only thing of interest that we do know they find in the car is a gun. But in rural Indiana it's like honestly not weird to find that in someone's car, right? This is my PSA about road rage. People like you do not know who is behind that wheel or what kind of day they have had or life or what they have under their seat 1000%. Yeah, and Jenny told us that in her mom's case she thinks that this gun that they found was actually one that her dad purchased but he never took it with him when he moved out of the house after the split.


So her mom was keeping it with her and on her like for protection basically. Is there any testing they can do on it to see if it was used recently or anything? You know, I Don't think there's any testing they can do on the gun itself. I mean I know they could test Fred for like GSR gunshot residue, right? Like to see if he fired a gun S Right. We know like that exists. Yeah, nothing says that they did this though, but I don't think there's like a test you can run on a gun to know if it was fired within the last couple of days. So I know the car eventually gets returned to Marshall for further examination and then things like hairs and fibers and fingerprints are found in the car but none of these things that are found seem to tie directly back to Fred or Vicki.


So while the car didn't appear to provide a ton of new information, finding that gun that Charlotte kept closed for protection just reinforced how truly terrified she was of Fred. And if there was any doubt about that, Charlotte cleared that up in her own words.


You sign up for something, forget about it. After the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. That's where Rocket Money comes in. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitor your spending and helps you lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Obviously I've been using Rocket Money for a while now to help me find, cancel subscriptions, track my savings. But the other day Justin was lamenting about being on step five or 500 of the unsubscribed process for a subscription he didn't need anymore. And I was like, wait babe, you weren't using Rocket Money Within a couple of clicks I showed him how easily Rocket Money could do all the work for him and he went on to cancel like three more subscriptions in literal minutes. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/ Crime Junkie today. That's rocket money.com/ Crime Junkie rocket money.com/ Crime Junkie.


Here's a familiar hair mystery. You spend all that time teasing and blow drying only for your hair to fall flat within minutes. But don't worry, this case is officially closed. Meet k eighteen's astro lift reparative volume, spray your hair's secret weapon for lots of bounce and lift that lasts up to two days and there's no crunch or stickiness. So sleep soundly when you wake up, your hair will still be bouncy. Listen, K 18 haircare products are a mainstay in my haircare routine. The quality is incredible and their products just always deliver and I was raised very much the higher the hair, the closer to God and the K 18 Astro lift reparative volume spray is an answer to prayers. I love that It helps make and keep my hair big and beautiful while still feeling soft and light. You can find K 18 astro lift reparative volume spray at Sephora or save 10% on your first purchase with Code Crime Junkie at k 18 hair.com. That's code Crime Junkie at k 18 hair.com.


Police found that Charlotte kept a safety deposit box at a local bank and when investigators got access to that box, they found a three page signed letter dated July 10th. This is about two weeks before she disappeared and in this letter Charlotte accuses Fred and his business associate, this guy named Dale of doing some shady stuff like stealing from other farms. And Charlotte's letter also describes a scheme where Dale and Fred would remove serial numbers from oil pump jacks, which seems to indicate that they were like maybe stolen or stealing them or whatever. So essentially these two were getting into all kinds of things, but even more damning, Charlotte says in her letter quote, Fred and I are getting a divorce and I'm not sure I will not be killed through all of this end quote.


You know, it's always so like chilling but devastating to me when a victim like sees it coming, coming. I know, you know like it's like a train barreling towards 'em that they can't stop that you can do nothing to stop. You wanna like reach back in time and be like you, you're like you're writing this letter for a reason, like you are not crazy. You, you need to do Some like reach out for help do Something right? And this is like, you know the PSA we do to everyone, like if you're having those feelings like you so many times people are like, well it's not gonna happen to me and I just, I'm gonna write it down just in case, just in case I'm Overreacting Just in case is like you're at a line that like it's already gone far too far. So like we're gonna have a ton of links to resources in the show notes but like there are plenty of people out there like Charlotte who are like doing things like this, writing this letter.


So the signs that Charlotte was in danger before she managed were very real, not just in the form of assault from Fred. Jeff tells police that actually the day before Charlotte's disappearance she got a strange call from a woman and this woman told Charlotte that she had some documents that would get Fred in trouble and she wanted to meet up at a bar. No, Obviously no Charlotte's not even falling for it either. And when the woman refused to give her name, Charlotte refused to go meet her. Yeah. But like this is another big mystery within a mystery. Who was this woman? What was this all about? It only adds to like all of the questions they're already asking and what if anything this has to do with Charlotte's disappearance.


Police don't know because like a lot of things in this case it's all too vague but Charlotte's kids don't need the same evidence. Maybe even the police do or the jury would, they are convinced from the jump that their own father MURDERED their mother. But not everyone is on that train. There are at least a few people who are on Fred's side. Police interview a friend of Fred's name Estel and he tells police almost exactly what Fred told them. He thinks that Charlotte is playing some kind of game that she would come back and he doesn't think that Fred would ever harm Charlotte police also talk to Fred's business associate Dale.


And according to a forensic files episode, he oddly enough tells police that he, you know, thinks Fred didn't do it because Fred was with him at his house on the night of the 24th. Okay, get your story straight Dale. I Right because like Fred we Fred's saying he's at Vicky's, right? Like Right And also like I feel like we should take anything Dale says with like a grain of salt. Like he was probably doing illegal stuff with Fred Precisely and worth noting that Jenny told us that Charlotte was afraid of Dale too. Now Dale is unfortunately no longer alive or like I would've just gone and asked him about all of this. Also, even if Dale is telling the truth, Fred being at his place that night kind of means nothing, right?


Like we don't know when Charlotte actually went missing, Do we? Right? No, not really. So according to Jenny, her mom usually went out to the field like really early in the morning, often at daybreak, like as farmers are known to do. Yes. Sometimes she would work till like late in the night. The only thing we have to even kind of give us a timeline are those neighbors who saw Fred and not Charlotte driving away. So like remember one of those neighbors puts this between four 15 and 4:30 PM another neighbor actually puts Fred's truck at the shed between three and four. But by four 30 both the truck and Charlotte's car were gone. So if something happened to her at the shed and like at this timeframe we're looking at three to four 30 and then like who knows where Fred really was and when after that, now as August rolls in authorities and locals form search parties to look for Charlotte including searching the Wabash river near the grabby property.


But it is a needle in a haystack because Marshall is located in rural Illinois and the area is quite literally thousands of acres of corn and soybean fields. Our reporter, Emily actually was able to interview Fred for this episode and he said that they had over a thousand acres with most of it being in Illinois but like some of the land across the state line into Indiana And this feels so similar to where I grew up. Oh yeah. Like I just remember like miles and miles of fields with like these little houses peppered here and there some wooded areas. Sometimes they're like separating the fields sometimes they're just like in the middle hanging out like Right. And it's not like there's a lot out there and When you think about like even like corn fields and stuff too, like the corn is high this time of year.


Yeah, it's so it's not like you can just like peer far and Wide. Yeah And again like there's not much going on. There's not a lot out there. But if you're looking for something yeah the land can just seem endless to a point. And for everyone who did not grow up on a farm like you, Emily actually went out there with Jenny to like look at the property where she was last seen. So we're gonna have photos up there today. It's still even very rural today. So you guys can kind of get a sense of what we're talking about for our city folk now by September probably feeling a tug of desperation. The police actually call in a psychic to make sure they're just leaving no stone unturned. But even then they have no luck locating Charlotte or should I say Charlotte's remains because Jenny and Jeff are Sure, sure, sure, sure.


That their mother is gone and they're so sure who is responsible. So it's like salt in the wound for them when their father does an interview with the Herald and review and now publicly says that he thinks his wife is alive. Okay Fred. And this just pushes Jeff and Jenny even more and they pressure authorities to convene a grand jury and in October of 1981 they get their wish sort of What's a sort of grand jury? Well no there's a regular grand jury, not a sort of grand jury. But the problem is when Fred and his girlfriend Vicki appear before the grand jury, they just plead the fifth. So like the people they believe know something that they're like pushing this grand jury for aren't saying a word.


Well And it, it's also not like this is just a suspect off the streets for Jenny and Jeff. Like this is their Dad. Yeah, I know. Are They like totally estranged by this point? Are they still trying to talk to him, convince him to like tell them what happened? Jenny Told us that she was for sure by that time like she was done but she can't speak for her brother Jeff. She said that she has reasons to believe that Jeff was still speaking to their dad back then. But in the end after this grand jury, the prosecutor informed her that they didn't have enough evidence for an indictment coming out of that. And when Jenny asked the prosecutor what they would need, he pointed to two things.


He said if this is gonna move forward, we either need a body or we need a witness. But neither of those things were materializing. Then months turn into years and by August of 1984 with her mother's case, now three years old, Jenny hires a private investigator named Charles Pearson and technically at least according to a single source, like he's actually the second PI hired like another brought on a few years earlier, didn't really make any real progress like finding answers in the case. So this is the second one. Charles though has this idea that he thinks could help Jenny get what she needs. He discovers that by this point Vicki McAllister and Fred Grabby are no longer together.


Okay. I feel like this is one of your favorite little reminders Years change things, relationships. Yeah, nobody wants a nces, nobody wants a case to go cold. But there is like this like point before you lose everyone in the case where like there it could actually be a huge benefit if you didn't make progress before. Yeah, time makes people maybe change their mind about talking like this could be huge for this Case. Right? And this, so this is what Charles is thinking too. Now at first he wants to be sly about this so he doesn't just like go straight to Vicki. He starts hanging around some bars where Vicki is known to drink, play pool. The Chicago Tribune reports that they meet at one of the bars, they become kind of friendly and after he weasels his way in gains her trust, whatever, he eventually drops the charade, explains that he's a pi and then presses Vicki on what she might know about Charlotte's disappearance.


And to his surprise girl just tells him the truth. Like admitting yes she drove Charlotte's car that day and yes she knows exactly what happened because she witnessed it and she goes on to tell him the horrific details of what Fred did to Charlotte on that July day back in 1981. And her story is pretty similar to what she told police back then. She said she and Fred arrive at the shed to pick up that barrel and at some point Charlotte came in from the field on her tractor. Vicki hides just like he said. But when Fred and Charlotte get into this argument, this is where Vicki's story changes from her original one and from what Fred originally said, she says that now Fred who's like 6 4 280 pounds becomes violent and he attacked the much smaller Charlotte and ultimately strangled her two death.


And Vicki watches all of this Brit, she is like not just hiding in the truck, she's like peeking out from behind the truck and she says that after Charlotte was dead, Fred loaded her body into that barrel that they like came to get put it on the back of his truck and then told Vicki to drive Charlotte's car. He even gave her some gloves to avoid prints, even a bandana to try and cover that hair that might be recognized. And then they dumped Charlotte's car in Terre Haute. Then they went to Vicki's place about 20 minutes away in Rosedale. And if murdering his wife wasn't bad enough, Vicki says that once they got to her place, Fred stripped Charlotte and then sodomized her Corks.


Oh my God. The horror show kept going when he took a grease gun, like I don't know if you've ever used like a cock gun, like think of that. He filled Charlotte's body with grease and Vicki said he did this because it would make Charlotte's body easier to burn. Basically as the forensic files episode points out, the grease would be flammable. Like clearly Fred had a plan in mind. Honestly this whole thing seems kind of premeditated. Like you're going to a shed to pick up a barrel and you end up putting your wife's body in the barrel after you Kill her. I know this dude is sick and I don't know how like, did it happen even this way?


Like did Vicki know everything? I, I think there's a lot you can't know without being Fred, but she does know what happened next. So he loaded Charlotte's body back into the barrel. Then around sundown they took it to the banks of the Wabash River and under the cover of darkness and maybe just as her kids were realizing their mom didn't come home that day, Fred poured diesel fuel into the barrel and lit it and over the next two days he burned Charlotte's body and after that was through Fred dumped the rest of her remains into the river telling Vicki it would make for good fish bait. Jesus Christ. It's awful. Now she said that the reason she had her fake story the first time is she was always too terrified to say anything.


Which like, I mean I kind of get like if he's gonna do that to the mother of his children, like who are you? Yeah, Vicki to this guy. But somehow now again all these years later Charles convinces Vicki to tell this story to authorities.


Pandora jewelry is crafted with meaning and love in addition to exquisite artistry. So find what speaks to your heart. From sparkling lab grown diamonds to vibrant enamels, personalized engravings and iconic charms, Pandora has got it all style. Your favorites with hand finished designs and playful cuts to reflect your individuality. It's always fun to mix, match and stack your way. Pandora is more than jewelry. It's a celebration of you shop in store or online at Pandora dot net


Stop allergy season in its tracks with big savings from GoodRx. Seasonal allergy medication starts at just $15 so you and your family can kick those itchy eyes, stuffy noses and scratchy throats straight to the curb. Check GoodRx before every trip to the pharmacy to save up to 80% on both brand name and generic medications. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for your prescription on the website or app, compare prices and get a free coupon to show your pharmacist. Use GoodRx to save at over 70,000 local pharmacies nationwide, including Walmart, Walgreens, CBS, Publix, Kroger, and many more. Remember GoodRx works with or without insurance and could be your insurance copay price. Don't let allergies slow you down. Save big on allergy medications this season with GoodRx. Go to GoodRx dot com slash Crime Junkie. That's GoodRx dot com slash Crime Junkie.


Vicki takes the police to the scene where Charlotte's body was burned, even pointing to the tree that the barrel was up against. The problem is it's been too long. They even try like testing the soil to see like what's there but they don't find anything. Not even so much as evidence of diesel fuel left behind. But The prosecution asked for a body or a witness. They do. And now they have a witness. They do. They do. And because they have a witness true to their word, in November, 1984, both Fred and Vicki are arrested. Now Vicki, they need her. She's the witness who's like all this hinges on. Yeah, they offer her a deal of immunity to testify against Fred.


There's even some talk of her possibly receiving the reward for this, which was like $25,000 at that point. If Fred got convicted, big if, because prosecutors know convicting Fred isn't gonna be easy like Right, like even with this witness it's still a no a no body Case. I know and those are just notoriously tricky. Yeah and it's basically just Fred's word against Vicki's. So they need to figure out how to find a way to corroborate what Vicki is saying. Like show that her version is the truth. So in the spring of 1985 with the trial just around the corner, prosecutors get creative since any physical evidence connecting Fred to Charlotte has, I mean basically been destroyed when he burned her body.


Prosecutors turned to the one thing still literally standing that tree that Vicki said the barrel was set against while Charlotte's body burned. Now knowing they didn't find anything when they tested the soil, they wondered if maybe that tree might still hold some evidence. So they call in wait for it. 'cause I've never heard this term. Some plant pathologists from the University of Illinois. You know every day in this job I learn something new. I know plant pathologist. Plant pathologist. Now what this guy discovers Britt is wild. He takes some samples of the tree and then looks at the growth rings and then he can see somehow that in 1981, most likely in the summer, that's literally how detailed they can get some kind of damage to the tree took place.


And when his colleague examines things further, he can pinpoint some trace of petroleum. AKA diesel fuel. Yeah And like it is that petroleum or that diesel fuel that caused the damage. They didn't stop there though because they can even tell that branches on the other side of the tree away from where Vicki said that the barrel was placed, those are totally fine. They didn't have the same damage. So Unless someone else just happened to be randomly burning a barrel next to this same side of this tree in the summer of 81, Like she's telling the truth. Yeah. Our girls story's spot on. Yes. And the truth can be dangerous when you're up against Fred Grabby because according to the police files that we have, this is where Fred's old buddy Dale suddenly comes back on the scene, police get a tip from a guy named Jim who says that Dale approached him and was feeling him out for a murder for hire job on Vicki.


What did Dale get arrested for? This Doesn't sound like it. I don't see cool. I know I don't see anything about him being arrested or like what came of this like maybe we have to take all of this with a grain of salt because it should be noted that Jim had a long criminal record himself. He'd just been arrested for counterfeit or counterfeiting something, whatever. So I mean he could have been making all of this up to get himself out of trouble or like get himself a deal or whatever. I don't know. And again, Dale's no longer alive so I can't ask him either way possible murder for higher plot or not. The trial does go on as planned prosecutors are able to prove their case to the jury by putting those tree experts on the stand along with Vicki and Fred's own children who do not hold back.


The Journal Gazette and Times Courier reports that Jenny describes at times seeing bruising on her mother's arms and her face. And it appears that all of this is enough for the jury because in June, 1985 Fred is convicted of Charlotte's murder. But that is not where our story ends. Not even close because just a few weeks after his conviction, a mother of three named Barbara Graham walks into the Clark County jail and whips out a gun because she's there to break her boyfriend Fred out of jail. Barbara fires off five shots, one of which hits a deputy in the leg.


Another shot literally goes through a second deputy's pant leg. Nearly wounding them too. It is just total chaos before deputies are finally able to wrestle the gun from Barbara and end this bananas breakout attempt. Did Fred put Barbara up to this? Well Fred told us that Barbara basically informed him of her plan while he was behind bars. Fred's like, no babe, it's a bad idea, don't do it. But but of course like when you talk to anyone who's not Fred, like the story's very different. Yeah. When authorities interview Barbara, she told them that Fred was instructing her on things to do, like making sure she practiced with the gun, making sure she packed clothes for him and he was pressuring her to spend all of her time working on getting him out.


And the whole thing gets even wilder when she tells authorities that the getaway plan was to hop on a private plane and fly to Florida, pick up new identification there and then fly to South America. Which like how and yeah like to really drive any suspicion home authorities think that the gun used in all of this was actually the same gun that was found in Charlotte's car back when she was missing when they found her car. Like so apparently after the grand jury like let down back in 81, they gave that gun back to Fred. What I know, I mean again like Jenny told us that he was the owner of it. So like I mean technically it would be his if that's true.


Okay. If I were cops suspecting a guy of murder top of my to-do list after he skirts an indictment isn't return gun to a rightful owner. Like especially when that man is the person who possibly just got out of a murder charge. I know. And I don't know if they have to because there was no indictment in my mind. I've seen people hold evidence forever. Yeah. Like it's still evidence. I know. I dunno. Does this little jailbreak attempt plot twist result in like additional charges for Fred now? Well so because he was just convicted of his wife's murder and prosecutors figure he's, I I mean I'm assuming this is what they're thinking, like he's gonna be away for a long time. Like though he still has yet to be sentenced at that point. They don't actually pursue charges against him for all of this.


Barbara though is another story. So per the journal Gazette in Times Courier, she's charged with attempted murder and two counts of armed violence. I'm sorry Ashley, I feel like I need to see like a picture of Fred or something. Like what kind of power does he have over these women to get them to do this like truly wild stuff for, I literally had the same thought when I was researching this. 'cause I was, I didn't look at a ton of pictures like off the bat and I was like, okay, he's like getting women to do a ton of like wild stuff for him. Yeah. Who is this cult leader? It's not what you're gonna expect. I truly don't know what to expect. Here's our guy. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I mean I don't whatever, whatever like, but again, not the like not The beautiful, handsome, charismatic looking, charismatic being Maybe in his younger years.


Alright, moving on Now, whatever holy he had over them. What Whoever he found that he was able to manipulate, like it's not, it's not just like his wife that he killed that suffered like I, I feel like there were so many devastating consequences to these women like Barbara who reminder mother of three ends up getting sentenced to 16 years in prison for this start, right? But with Fred sitting in jail, breakout attempt thwarted and his sentencing on the horizon, authorities have to be ready to get this guy locked up for good and move on. But in early September, less than two months after this breakout attempt, authorities have their hands full with another crime that maybe could be connected to Fred.


On September 4th, 1985, authorities get a call that they probably can't believe as reported by the Harald and review. It's from a truck driver who while passing the grabby property sees not one but two homes on fire. One is the main house where Charlotte lived and the other is a smaller house once occupied by her son Jeff and his wife Cindy. Thankfully when this all happens, no one is inside. But immediately authorities suspect that this is arson and it's not long before they get proof of it. When they discover that some kind of flammable liquid was used to start these fires or like get them going. I Mean it's Fred, right?


Not like Fred Fred 'cause he's in county lockup, but like, but like it's Fred, someone for Fred. So in the forensic files episode, Dan Cruin, the acting sheriff at the time suspects just that. But we actually dug a little deeper on this. My new favorite saying always go a layer deeper. And Jenny told us something else that has been suggested by law enforcement but never actually proven. She says that it was actually her brother Jeff who burned down the homes and she said that he admitted this to her. It was maybe an attempt to get the insurance money possibly with Fred maybe on his own. Like that's not totally clear. According to her recollection though, that was never actually paid out.


And it sounds like at least according to the Journal Gazette in Times Courier, these homes were caught up in some kind of legal mess at the time anyway. So whatever the plan was, I'm not sure that it worked for whoever had that plan. But it's important to point out that it doesn't appear police could ever connect Fred or anyone else, not Jeff, to these fires. All they could do was speculate at the time, about a week after this fire, this is when Fred does get sentenced and he gets sentenced to life in prison. So at this point for law enforcement and the grabby family, justice is finally served, but that feeling is short-lived roughly a year after his original sentencing.


Fred's case gets overturned on appeal. This is in September of 1986 and a new trial gets ordered. According to the Journal Gazette, it's overturned because the court's find jurors were given improper instructions concerning Vicki's testimony specifically. I mean All a good defense attorney needs is to find one small crack. And it sounds like they found one well That and get the right judge in the Wright County because I mean I've seen like other cases where there's like a gaping hole you could run a truck through and those get denied. But here overturned. So while prosecutors wait to retry Fred for Charlotte's murder, they decide to go after him for his possible involvement with the escape attempt back in 1985 to keep him locked up.


Now initially they knew Fred would go away for a long time. So remember they didn't see the point in taking him to court on those minor charges. But now with his ruling overturned, like, okay, let's get him on something, but their plan doesn't work first, there's a mistrial for that, then Fred is acquitted for that. So the stakes in Fred's retrial for Charlotte's murder hold even more weight Now in March, 1988, the new trial is about to begin. And much like the first time Fred's children, Jenny and Jeff are supposed to testify against their dad. But there's a problem Jeff's Cindy hasn't heard from Jeff in days.


He's like fully MIA, which doesn't make a whole lot of sense like he was scheduled to testify again. Wait, Is he like missing, missing or just like hiding out, avoiding the trial? What I, I don't think anyone really knows at least one source at the time reported that he might have been trying to dodge his creditors. So I think everyone is just really confused. At first, Jeff's wife Cindy tells authorities that Jeff had taken a business trip to California. She last talked to him on February 28th when he called her from there. And then a couple of days later after he's like a no-show back home. That's when she reports him missing.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. Fast growing trees has all the plants your yard needs from fruit trees to shrubs find the perfect fit for your climate and space, then order online for fast delivery. Their alive and thrive guarantee ensures healthy arrivals and plant experts are available to help with planning, selection and care. I just placed an order from Fast growing Trees and I'm so excited to get my plans. We recently moved and the landscaping at our new place definitely needs a revamp. And we knew fast growing Trees was the best place to start. I was able to determine what our growing zone was, what plans would thrive in our soil and truly design the landscape of our dreams. This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using Code Crime Junkie at checkout, that's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com using the code Crime Junkie at checkout fast growing trees.com code Crime Junkie Now is the perfect time to plant use Crime Junkie to save today. Offers valid for a limited Time terms and conditions may apply.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day. If approved applications are typically funded the next business day or sooner loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people


When No one can find Jeff in Indiana or California until June when authorities announced that they have found Jeff in Seal Beach, California, but it's not a happy development because they find him dead and not just dead. Jeff has been MURDERED. What? He was shot multiple times and found floating in the water by some boaters. Now, authorities technically found Jeff's body on March 22nd, but they couldn't identify him right away. They had to actually go get his dental records. So we are thinking that Fred killed Charlotte and his son.


So Fred of course, denies any involvement in his son's murder. And actually in this one he might not be lying because California authorities did seem to have a pretty detailed idea of what happened to Jeff. Like I guess he had gotten caught up in some kind of money laundering and bank fraud thing in a Los Angeles Times article police described Jeff as double crossing the people that he was working with. So Jeff was shot and his body was then dumped in the ocean, weighed down by an anchor, and then eventually as his body decomposed, that's when it like floated to the surface. Did anyone get charged in Jeff's murder? No. So even though they had a pretty good idea of what they think happened and even some of the people involved, it sounds like prosecutors never actually felt they had a strong enough case to be able to bring charges in that one.


Now the very smallest piece of solace and good news for Jenny in this like mountain of tragedy that is her life now is that even though her brother wasn't around to testify, Fred's trial did move forward as planned and he was convicted again. This time he's sentenced to 75 years and this one sticks despite Fred's best efforts to once again have it overturned in 1989. It doesn't work. And he remains in prison until very recently, July 15th, 2022 when he gets released almost 41 years exactly after he MURDERED Charlotte in July of 1981.


And did Vicki end up with any of the reward money? Jenny told us that she got part of it. So yes-ish. Now as far as her father, Jenny told us that she long ago forgave him. She said what was most difficult for her was not knowing what happened to her mother when she first disappeared and how she talked about how bad she feels for families who still don't have those answers. We've talked about it before, like how it's one thing to like grieve something and know what you're grieving, but to like, but not know, right? And as we were talking to her about this, this was like originally all the episode was we were like this was gonna even potentially be a mini, but she said something as we were talking to her, something she thinks about her father, something that if true might mean we don't know the full extent of Fred Grabbys crimes.


And it opened up this like Pandora's box for us. Jenny believes that her father could be behind as many as six other killings. I'm sorry, six other people. Are you kidding me? What makes her think that She thinks this? Because one of them, she says she witnessed herself when she was about seven years old. And then the other ones are based on what people told her over the years because she didn't stop digging once her father went to jail, I guess she pressed on for more answers. And from what she was told, it sounds like wherever Fred grabby went, death seemed to follow and this wasn't a totally new idea.


Like Vicki was also vocal about Fred allegedly having other victims. According to the Journal Gazette in Times Courier, Vicki testified in Fred's trial that he told her about other murders he committed. Two of the other victims were women and their killings happened at an apartment in Indianapolis and were connected to some kind of union dispute that he was in charge of taking care of. And she alleged that Fred also killed a man who shot his dog when he was younger. But like Fred told Emily when when she confronted him about this that like it was one of his buddies who did this and it got pinned on him. So he's not like saying it didn't happen. Were Any of these ever investigated? So this is the thing I'm saying, it's a Pandora's box.


We don't know like details on these are super scarce. Believe me, we still have our team digging, like still going. It's part of why I wanted to put this episode out now as opposed to waiting because there's a lot of power in our audience and someone out there might have information for us. And I think we're running out of time because Fred is 85 years old. Jenny told us that she doesn't think he's in good health. Obviously she doesn't go visit him again. Forgiving him and having a relationship with him are very different things, different things. But we went and visited him when our reporter Emily interviewed Fred at the retirement facility he's currently living in. She asked him about these alleged other murders that people like Jenny and Vicki point to.


And she asked him about Charlotte's murder too. And while Fred admits that he was a violent man at times involved in numerous fights back in the day, he denied murdering anyone including Charlotte, despite being found guilty by two separate juries. He claims he was never even abusive to Charlotte. And you would think that the least Fred could do at this point in his life is face what he's done, if not for himself then for his surviving daughter. But no, and we asked him about the house fires too. He conveniently put that all on Jeff, his dead son never implicating himself. But I think it is important to know that those house fires not the only ones somewhat connected to Fred Charlotte's stepmom.


Ethel Gore was found dead in a barn fire, A barn fire that had one single witness, Fred Grabby. And according to a single source, Ethel's leg was broken and there was a lighter near her body. But Ethel's family told the Terre Haute star back then that a lighter is not something she would normally carry around with her. Now when we asked Fred about this, he told Emily that Ethel smoked in the barn all the time. So who knows? But wait, there's more. So Charlotte's best friend, Judy Linley, she was found dead of a gunshot wound to her chest just four months to the day after Charlotte went missing.


And Emily got the inquest records for Judy's death and get this no autopsy was done and the results of the inquest were probable suicide. But this is the thing that I have have a problem with. Like Judy was found in her bed on top of the covers, the gun that she allegedly took her own life with was under the covers. Mm, that that can't happen. That's not possible. I can't figure out how it doesn't make sense. I know now it bears repeating that Fred has never been arrested or charged in anyone else's murder and he's never been named a public person of interest or even a suspect in another murder either.


We reached out to the former Clark County sheriff Dan Reran, but he wasn't interested in talking If he changed his mind, like I'd love to listen to what he has to say. And like I said, we are still going to keep digging to see what else we find. I mean, again, there are like potentially alleged victims that like we can't even necessarily find cases that match to. So we're trying to figure that out as well. So this is a great reminder for everyone to make sure you hit the follow button, subscribe wherever you're listening to make sure that you get update episodes. And also follow us on social. We have a newsletter on our website as well. Like all of these are ways to get updates on cases that like we just can't let go of even after we talk about them on Monday.


Yeah. And obviously you said we're still digging, we're still working on this, but was Emma ever able to track down Vicki? Like she's who I have all the questions for A girl. Same. So this is wild. So we tried, Emily actually went to Vicki's house and it was so strange. So this woman who looks a whole lot like Vicki answered the door, but she said she wasn't Vicki. So I don't Know. I mean, I can't really blame her for not wanting to talk after all these years. If that was her. If it was her, it seems like she possibly would have a lot to lose. Like she's never faced any jail times. She had immunity. Yeah, but said it wasn't her. Right?


So if Vicki hears this, if you're listening somewhere, like I would still love to talk, please reach out. But I kinda wanna end on this. So Jenny told us that her mom, Charlotte, was a loving mother and grandmother. Most of all. She was a hard worker. And Charlotte grew up in a farming family that instilled the same work ethic in her. And whether Jenny realizes it or not, that work ethic, her continued push for answers in her mother's case is maybe the best way she could have honored her mother's memory.


You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. You can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie podcast And we'll be back next Monday with a brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an Audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve I


At Cap Compelling University? You can learn at your own pace with our FlexPath learning format. Take one or two courses at a time and complete as many as you can in a 12 week billing session. With FlexPath. You can even finish the bachelor's degree you started in 22 months. For $20,000, a different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu. Fastest 25% of students cost varies by pace transfer credits and other factors. Visa apply.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek low profile sneakers obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.