
Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today has been living in my head rent-free for months. It's one of those older cases that when I first learned about it, I'm like how am I just learning about it? And if it was new to me, I had a feeling it would be new to a lot of you as well. And this is one where we got to go like full Crime Junkie, going super deep talking to the people who actually lived this story. So even if you do think you know it, I promise I will give you something new and I promise it will leave you thinking long after this episode because while this is a rare solved case where the victim actually SURVIVED, it'll have you questioning the reliability of memory and how stories, even the ones that feel straightforward, are always so much more complicated and live in the gray when you dig deep into the details.


And that's what we're gonna do today. This is the story of Diana Diallo. So let me set the scene.


We're in Tustin, California, September 30th, 1979. It's around two o'clock in the morning when a 19-year-old named Judy is startled awake by the sound of a voice calling her name and it takes her a second to like get her bearings, like she even wonders if she is dreaming. But it sounds like her downstairs neighbor, 20-year-old Diana Green. So she goes to the window to see if she can like see anything out in the yard, but she doesn't see anything. It's like too dark. So she crawls back into bed next to her husband and what feels like 15 minutes later she hears another voice. This time a man's voice and she hears the man say something like, I leave you alone for 10 minutes, half an hour, this is what happens to you.


So she kind of just lays in bed and listens in silence, probably holding perfectly still and not wanting to even breathe too loud, just trying to figure out what's going on. And it's the man she hears again. Next, Judy, Judy, please wake up. And this time she knows she's heard it. So she goes to the window again and outside she sees Diana's husband, 21-year-old Kevin Green and he's running like in and out the back door of the Green's apartment just in this panic crying out for help. And at one point she looks through the green's open kitchen door and she sees him making a phone call. Now Judy's first thought must likely be, oh, this must be the baby because you see Diana is pregnant two weeks past her due date with her and Kevin's first child together.


A girl that they planned to name Chantal Marie. So Judy and her husband both quickly get dressed, they rushed downstairs to help and that's when Kevin screams that Diana has been attacked. And what he says next makes Judy's blood run cold. He says that Diana has been shot in the head. Kevin found her when he got home from a late night fast food run and though she's still alive, she needs help right away if she's gonna make it. So Judy jumps into like go mode to flag down the ambulance that Kevin called because it keeps like passing by the complex. And when she leads paramedics inside the apartment, Judy is stunned by what she sees. There is blood everywhere.


Diana is laying in bed naked in a pool of her own blood and she is struggling to breathe And Bri, it's literally so bad that her brain is exposed. So paramedics rushed Diana to the hospital where her family is waiting 'cause Kevin had called them too and he's probably like chomping at the bit to get there as well. But the officers who also responded to the apartments say they need him to stay behind because you know, like they gotta talk to him. I mean he's clearly distraught but he cooperates 'cause he wants police to do their jobs and find whoever did this to his wife. So police asked Kevin to walk them through his day leading up to finding Diana and we actually got to speak with him and he gave us the full rundown of that day too, which we kind of cross-referenced with case records Diana's held onto that she shared with us.


And according to police records, Kevin and Diana were home watching TV with his brother who actually lived with them until around six when a friend of Kevin's came over with his wife around 7 45, Kevin told us that he and his friend went to go buy weed and the friend's wife stayed behind with Diana and then they got back at around 10 30. How far did they have to go for this weed Run? So like 20 minutes or so. And it's worth noting Kevin told us like he didn't smoke weed that day. Like it just took so long he said because they got lost. So exactly who is the weed for, if not for Kevin? He claims it was for that friend who came over. So I don't know. Okay, they go on this long weed run.


Anyway, Kevin came home, his friends leave. Kevin left again to take his brother to go meet friends, which only took like 15 minutes or so. And then he came back at around 10 45 and then he and Diana laid on the couch and watched a movie on the tv. Now before midnight he says that he and Diana had sex. Then they moved the TV into their bedroom so that they could finish the movie in bed. And after about an hour Kevin left to go get cheeseburgers from a jack in the box across the street, like thinking he'd be right back. He said that he just left the kitchen door unlocked. But then when he got to the jack in the box, it was packed. Kevin told us he was in a hurry to get back home. He didn't want his wife to wait.


So he went to the next closest one, which was like three miles away. Now arriving back home, he noticed that the front door was open a crack. So he pushed it open with his foot, went inside and that's when he found Diana. And then he makes note of something, something that stood out to him and stands out now to investigators. In an episode of, on the case of Paula Zn, a detective remembers Kevin telling him that on the way out, like when he was going to Jack in the box, he noticed quote a black man standing next to a black van. Now he didn't think much of the guy at the time, but he was still there standing by the van when Kevin got back and found Diana.


So now Kevin is thinking that maybe that guy could have heard his wife And is that guy still there? Like did he go out and try to get ahold of the guy after he found Diana? I don't know if he makes the connection that this guy could have been the attacker. Like in that moment I don't think he's like really thinking about it until he's talking to police and in the moment, I mean he was probably so frantic trying to like tend to Diana and get her help. He's not like thinking about That guy goes completely out of his mind right Now. All in all, he says he was gone for about 20 minutes tops. And Kevin's story seems to check out because the bag of warm food is literally still like sitting on the table that he just went and got. Now when he found Diana lying in bed, it was dark.


He said that she was making a sound almost like she was fake snoring. So at first he thought she was just like kind of messing around with him, but when he turned on the lights, he saw this just massive hole in her forehead, which is what made him think that she'd been shot with. He says he thought it was like a large caliber weapon at close range, like was exactly what he said. That feels really specific. How would he know that? Well, because Kevin is a marine corporal who serves at a local helicopter station in the tool shops. I mean he probably like knows his way around a gun. And what he eventually realizes that like fake snoring sound was actually her trying to breathe through pooling blood. So Kevin says he forced her mouth open to help her breathe better, but she like bit down on his fingers when he did.


And that is when he called police, he says that she was moaning, which to Kevin meant that she was still breathing. So he looked around to the apartment to see if anything was missing. He didn't notice anything like while he's waiting for police. But here's what's so interesting, police don't agree with Kevin that Diana was shot. 'cause to them they're like neighbors would have woken up to a like the sound of a gunshot, right? And about 20 minutes after Diana is rushed to the hospital, police get a call confirming that they're right. Doctors say that Diana was hit in the head with a blunt heavy object, something like a mallet, maybe a baseball bat And and they're saying someone broke and did that in this 20 minute window.


Yeah, According to Kevin, that's all she was alone for. So police start searching for something that could be the weapon. They don't find anything though. So they do finally let Kevin go to the hospital to be with his wife. And there all Diana's family can do is stare at two heart rate monitors, one for Diana, one for her baby. And they're just, they're both fighting for their lives. I can't imagine being in that head space where, you know, in the days leading up to this you're like, oh, like I can't wait to go to the hospital to see their new baby, their new I have a baby grandchild. Yeah, Their first granddaughter too. Oh my god. And now they're at the point where like, Are we gonna have one or both of them, right? They could lose both of them.


It had to have been like a very surreal moment. And doctors tell them that they're actually holding off on performing an emergency C-section to deliver the baby, which is normally what they would do if it were just the baby in danger. But with Diana's head trauma, like both her and the baby could die if they put her body under any more stress. And for right now, the baby's heart rate is steady and they're working to stabilize Diana. They do this for about 12 hours. But at about that point, after she's admitted, one of the monitors flat lines, Kevin and Diana's parents are by her side. When doctors rush into the room, they usher the family out.


And when doctors come back out, they have a heartbreaking update. They lost Chantal Marie and now they have to rush Diana into emergency surgery to stop the swelling in her brain. So when police arrive at the hospital, Kevin fills them in on everything that has happened. And they brace themselves now, not just for an investigation into an assault, but an assault and now a homicide. And It's a homicide charge for Chantal. Yeah. So that's the charge that they hope to eventually hit someone with. But they gotta find that someone first though, as Diana goes on to make a slow recovery, 'cause she does get out of surgery, she is stable.


Police begin to wonder if the person who did this to her, the one that they're looking for is right there in her hospital room. Because Kevin is like saying and doing just some weird shit. Like first right when they get to the hospital, Kevin tells police that Diana's doctor told him that she was sexually assaulted. But when they go talk to that doctor, he actually can't confirm this. And in his opinion, he says he doesn't think she was second. When Diana does eventually wake up, this is about 10 days after she's in this coma, her significant brain damage leaves her unable to speak.


She has what's called aphasia and her memory is just wiped completely gone. She doesn't remember her friends, her family, she doesn't even remember Kevin and officers who had been at the hospital throughout her coma. Notice Kevin's reaction to this. Like he almost seems relieved that Diana can't remember remember anything. And then finally Diana and Kevin's friends tell cops that at one point someone said they hoped that Diana recovered enough to name whoever attacked her. And Kevin's response was, I don't. Now to be fair, Kevin went on to say that he didn't want Diana to have to relive the trauma again. And that friend took that to mean that he was concerned for her wellbeing.


So I I, I don't even think at the time they necessarily were like concerned by it, but like couple all of this together, especially with what they were learning in the field as they were investigating. And Kevin starts looking real bad. So the night of Diana's attack, neighbors say that they heard yelling in the complex followed by a woman screaming. And this was around 2:00 AM they couldn't say for sure that the sound was coming from the Green's apartment, but they assumed that it was an argument between Kevin and Diana because apparently that was a pretty common occurrence. And it's worth noting that Kevin told us and police said in an on the case with Paula Za episode that police had gotten domestic violence calls to the green's apartment gritty regularly leading up to the night of the attack.


So after some kind of argument screaming, whatever, a few people hurt a door slam, then a car speed away, which is not quite the peaceful night in watching TV that Kevin had originally told police about if all of that commotion was Kevin. But I mean it's possible that Kevin did leave quietly and then what they heard was her attacker. But I keep coming back to you. Remember that thing Judy heard, I leave you alone for 10 minutes, half an hour and this is what happens to you. Well another neighbor remembers hearing that same exact thing and they thought it was Kevin who said it, which if so would be like a pretty weird response to have.


Yeah, if you come home, you find your spouse in a actual pool of blood, you're like Upset that they're hurt. Yeah, this is what happened. I leave you alone. Like yeah. And that doesn't seem to be lost on police because in their notes they wrote down that quote like or what people heard him say like word for word twice. Mm. And more and more the people they speak with who knew the couple say that there was a known history of domestic violence according to their statements. Kevin is a heavy drinker. So much so that one of his friends considered reporting him to his commanding officer for alcoholism. And his drinking caused tension throughout their roughly year long relationship.


Is that what they fought about? Or did the drinking lead to fighting about other things? Well, I don't really know. I mean probably all of the above. Like Kevin Chalks, some of their fighting up to just them being really young and their story, never really having a like fairy tale beginning. You see they met at a bar when Diana was 18 and Kevin was 19. And then soon after they started dating, Diana moved in with Kevin and got pregnant. Now Diana told us that she didn't know at the time, but Kevin was still married to another woman who she said she eventually actually became friends with. But it was really messy before that. Now we talked to that ex-wife and even though Kevin told us the relationship was over, she was very much under the impression it was not.


Mm. So you got like both women saying kind of the same thing. So things were very rocky, especially as Diana's pregnancy went on and Kevin's abuse got worse and friends tell police that at one point Diana actually asked them to help her move out and when she did, she had a bruise over her right eye that extended down her cheek. But that same night that her friends helped her move her stuff so she could get out, she must have had a change of heart. She convinced herself that Kevin was gonna change once the baby was born. So she went back to the apartment. But here's the wild part. When she goes back to the apartment that night she found Kevin with his ex-wife, no?


Yes. And his ex told us that they were still legally married. When Diana found her there. She was actually pregnant with Kevin's child, oh God, around the same time that Diana was. And she gave birth to a girl about a month before Diana was attacked. Now according to an LA Times article by HG Reza at some point in March of 1979, so this is when Diana was already pregnant, Kevin divorced his previous wife and then married Diana. Now Kevin says he didn't abuse Diana that the only time he ever laid a hand on her was when she came home and found his ex there. He said that she had kicked him in the head as he was sleeping on the floor.


He like jumped up. He didn't know it was her, he fought back. But that seems to be contradicted by his own words. 'cause in an episode of On the Case with Paula Zn and in an episode of forensic files, he told those producers that at some point in her pregnancy he had slapped Diana hard enough to leave bruises. So now that they know all of this police bring Kevin in for an interview to suss out what he knows about the weapon used in Diana's assault, I think they're probably hoping he's gonna say too much, but he stays calm through the whole thing later he even agrees to take a polygraph that he passes. But police can't shake this feeling that something isn't adding up.


But does that mean he tried to kill her? The idea that a roaming psychopath just happened upon their apartment in the exact small window that Kevin went out to get food seems almost unbelievable except for the fact that at this very time there was a roaming psychopath attacking women in almost the exact way that Diana had been attacked. And just a week into the investigation of Diana's case, police get word of another brutal attack, a 24-year-old named Deborah Kennedy is found by her sister bludgeoned to death inside their shared apartment. Now authorities determine in that case that Deborah had been sexually assaulted and the similarities in the victim profiles are hard to ignore.


Both Diana and Deborah are young, white living in the same neighborhood, attacked the same way both in first floor apartments. And these two attacks actually fit a much larger pattern because for two years police have been responding to assaults all across Orange County, California, and at least 10 other women who lived in first floor apartments with either unlocked windows or unlocked doors had been attacked in the middle of the night. They'd all been beaten with some kind of blunt object, mostly fatally and some were sexually assaulted. Now, police believe that they're all the work of a serial killer that they're calling the bedroom baher.


And for some reason it takes until Deborah's murder for police to finally form a task force to investigate this. Is Diana the only survivor? No. So there are others, definitely one that we know of who was attacked in July of 1979. She had to have like a tracheotomy because of her injuries and has difficulty speaking. And all she remembers about her attack is hearing noises in her apartment hallway before a man grabbed her, told her to shut up. And it doesn't seem like any description of her attacker was ever shared by police. So I'm not sure if she couldn't remember what he looked like because of her injuries. Maybe she never saw him, I don't know.


So for a while, again, Diana's still recovering, she doesn't remember anything. So they're like really trying to dig into this line of inquiry hunting down a potential serial killer. But along the way they get hundreds of tips with conflicting information which kind of leads them to wonder if they're right. Like is this a serial killer or are these a bunch of different people? Because to them it seems so far fetched. Like really how could one guy commit all of these horrible assaults so closely together and just fly completely under the radar? I mean it's 1979, this is literally like the time to do that. I'm with you. Like I don't think it's that wild. But at the time it was. And then there's another attack on October 21st, 17-year-old Deborah S is found dead by her roommate after leaving a party that they both went to earlier in the night.


Again, Deborah's Costa Mesa apartment is on the first floor and there are no signs of a break-in. But even with new evidence from this murder, I mean they actually have hand prints on the windowsill and a semen sample. Police don't find any solid leads and they do end up disbanding the bedroom bacher task force by the end of October. They only give it a month Less than that. Like from what I can tell, like which I couldn't believe What's the point of a task force for five minutes? Exactly. And there's no real reporting explaining why it was disbanded so quickly. I don't even feel like you could like get through all the materials in that time Or get on the same page as a task force. Yeah, retired detective Tom Tarpley who was with the Tustin pd, he took over the cold case investigation.


He told us that in that time basically the task force just like ran its course and with no new information coming in and like possible staffing shortages like that one seems most likely to be. Yeah, they just had to return the cases back to like their local jurisdictions and everyone had to kind of work them separately. So in Diana's case, their last real remaining hope is that Diana will be the one to solve her own case. Maybe she heals, maybe her memory will come back and she'll be able to tell them who did this to her. And sure enough, out of the blue, one day late in November, they get a call from Diana's dad. He says, Diana remembered something, something really big.


So apparently Diana had tagged along to her mom Pat's dentist appointment earlier that day and while waiting for her mom, Diana's sitting in the lobby just kind of like flipping through some magazines. And as she's doing that she comes across this picture of a baby and that's when all of a sudden the pieces start clicking into place. I mean again, at this point she remembers nothing but she sees this baby and all of a sudden she remembers that she'd been pregnant. And from there images of her attacks start appearing in her mind. And when Pat came out of her dentist's office, Diana was trying to tell her something but she was struggling to find the words. 'cause again, remember she was having to learn how to talk all over again. It's not just her memory's gone, her basic skills are So she said something like, Ivan hit me, Evan hit me.


And to her mom Pat, it sounds like she's trying to say Kevin instead of Ivan. So what they do is they take Diana to a speech therapist before anyone even confronts Kevin with this because this is huge. And when that person asks Diana, who hurt you, Diana points to her wedding ring. And the therapist asks her if she means Kevin and Diana says yes, and that's all police need to hear. Detective Tarpley believes that this is when they pulled Diana's case out of the bigger bedroom Bacher investigation, like in that moment. I mean again, they're all worked separately at that point, but in that moment they're like, oh clearly this is something else.


And they like pull it out. 'cause they're like, okay, our surviving victim has just told us who did This and there's no chance that it's all one and the same. Right? Like Kevin can't be the bedroom Bacher. No, they've ruled Kevin out on those other attacks based on his work schedule alone. Okay? So it was always just two options. Either she was part of this serial killer spree and Kevin was innocent or Kevin attacked his wife in her case unconnected. It had nothing to do with the rest of them, right? And it's clear to them now it is the latter. Police believe they have their guy, he's been right there in front of them this whole time. And on November 30th, exactly two months after Diana was attacked, they send a squad of patrol cars out to track Kevin down. They find him leaving a seven 11 and he is completely caught off guard when police arrest him on charges of murder, attempted murder and assault.


But five days after Kevin's arrest, he's released the DA doesn't file charges against Kevin because of concerns about Diana's ability to testify against him, at least right now. But they aren't just throwing in the towel to them it just means that they need to get more. So while Diana divorces Kevin and begins to work with her speech therapist to put words to what happened to her that night, police work on buttoning up their case. They go back to the hospital and they find another nurse that they hadn't spoken to before who has even more stories about Kevin's strange behavior while his wife was in the hospital. She says that after Diana woke up, Kevin said, what if she wakes up and doesn't remember who did this and thinks it was me?


Hmm. Which is like not a great choice of words. Yeah. But the next thing that the nurse reports is even more disturbing, at least to me, the nurse tells police that there was this time when Diana was restrained using a Posey vest that's like this jacket used for trauma patients. So they don't like pull out their tubes or hurt themselves. And the nurse left Diana alone with Che. And while she checked on another patient and when she looked back through the window into Diana's room, she saw Kevin pulling the ties on Diana's vest so that when she stepped forward she would be like pulled backward and have to sit down. And the nurse claimed that Kevin was laughing while this was happening, but Diana who was still getting her speech back at this point seemed like completely frustrated.


Which is yeah, that feels so cruel. Yes, but that still just proves he's a husband, right? They need something more and they might have the ace in the hole. So there was a lot of speculation early on about whether or not Diana had been sexually assaulted. Everyone seemed to have an opinion. Everyone was hearing different things from different people in the early days, but they had done a forensic exam while she was in the hospital just to be sure. And they had found semen. Now initially this wasn't a huge deal because part of Kevin's story to police was that he and Diana had had sex that night to try and induce labor, right?


So when they did antibody tests on the semen and found that it came from someone with Kevin's o negative blood type, it didn't really do anything to prove or disprove his guilt. About 7% of people are o negative. Kevin's in that 7%, but still he's not denying that they had had sex that night, right? But that totally changes when Diana is able to speak enough to tell police her version of events that night. Because Diana told us that her speech wasn't all the way there yet when she talked to police, but they understood what she was trying to get across, she communicated that Kevin was drinking and smoking weed that Saturday, which upset her because she was so close to her due date when we talked to her.


She claimed she even called him while he was out on that like long ass weed run because she was having contractions. Now Kevin denies this. He's like, you know, if she was having contractions, we've gone to the hospital either way by the time he got home. Diana says they fought about this 'cause she was upset. She went into their bedroom, slammed the door, Kevin came in, apologized he wanted to have sex, but Diana says she said no. And when she resisted Kevin violently sexually assaulted her, and the last thing she remembers is Kevin picking up his key caddy and striking her in the head with it, which she believes knocked her out.


What's a key caddy? It's basically like this key ring that sometimes like retracts you can like put it on your belt loop or Whatever. Okay. And I hate to ask this, but with the head trauma, how reliable is Ana's memory at this point? And you mentioned earlier that she had had some memory loss. Yeah, This is part of the theme, right? So Kevin told us he remembered doctors warning him that Diana was pretty suggestible. But the police reports that Diana sent to us contain a statement from her doctor saying that she only has issues with her speech Now at this point, not her memory. Now, based on the police reports, her friends remember her telling them what she told police at the time that sex had gotten too painful for her by that point and she was bleeding.


So she didn't want to have sex anymore though there is one friend who remembers Diana saying that she and Kevin tried having sex to induce labor that day, but it hurt too much. So she wanted to stop. But that was even earlier in the night. Like it doesn't line up with Kevin's story when he claimed they had sex. Now Kevin claims they never even found any blood on his key caddy, but none of the case files that we have even mentioned the key caddy one way or another. So I don't know about that part. So they don't have any kind of weapon. We don't know if it's the key caddy. It doesn't seem like it would be a key caddy. I can't remember her brain's exposed, right? But the DA believes Diana, and that means finding semen that's likely Kevin's to them means he attacked her.


So in March of 1980, Kevin is arrested a second time, and this time the charges stick police add a spousal rape charge making Kevin one of the first people to be tried for that after California had previously passed a law against it, which is like wild that you have to pass a law against it. But they did. Now in the months leading up to Kevin's trial, Diana is determined to get justice for her daughter that she'd never got to see grow up. The state's case, which has become front page news by this point rests on her shoulders without much other evidence. Is Diana's account enough? And what about the emotional and physical demands of a trial Is Diana up to testifying in court?


I mean these are the questions hanging over investigators who seem to have concerns about the strength of the case because according to an article in the Hanford Sentinel, they end up dropping the spousal rape charge at some point leading up to the trial. I don't know exactly why, but from those records Diana sent us, it seems like it was tough to establish whether or not the sex was consensual or not. Like every rape case where I mean like they're not taking on that fight. So in October of 1980, just over one year after her attack, Diana takes the stand in front of Kevin and Devastatingly details an abusive marriage that culminated in an assault that caused permanent life altering damage.


I mean still she is partially deaf in one ear, fully deaf in the other. She's lost her sense of smell. She has a plastic plate in her head and she has had to relearn basic language skills from scratch. Reading, writing, speaking, communication that was once as easy as breathing is now a daily struggle for her. After her emotional testimony, Kevin's defense is up next. They can't introduce the polygraph that he passed into evidence, the judge won't allow it. So they put all of their focus on discrediting Diana's memories. They point out that in pretrial hearings she said that her attacker took off all his clothes, but then at the trial she said he was fully clothed.


They have Kevin take the stand in his own defense and he points the finger at the man who was standing outside the apartment. Someone he says that police didn't look at hard enough, especially while this bedroom baher was roaming the streets. And after a grueling week and a half long trial, the jury only deliberates for three hours before coming back with a verdict. Kevin is found guilty of Diana's attempted murder and the second degree murder of their daughter, Chantal Marie. And the judge sentences him to 15 years to life in a maximum security prison. And to be clear, no one's happy about any of this. I mean to Diana, this verdict is a tragedy, but I'm sure Kevin's sentence finally makes her feel safe.


I mean, she told us that's when she could move on with her life. That's when she got a job. She went to beauty school and then two years after Kevin's conviction, she met someone new, someone she'll end up having a daughter with. And meanwhile, Kevin's not exactly a model prisoner. According to an article in the Deseret News, he deals drugs, he starts fights, which he told us is how he SURVIVED in prison. Now come 1989, Kevin is up for parole for the first time and Diana remembers him showing up in chains and she does, she attends every single one of his parole hearings to make sure he stays behind bars. But in the DA's eyes, Kevin seals his own fate at those parole hearings because he never takes responsibility for the crime that he was convicted of.


He still claims that he's innocent and he still claims that the guy outside his apartment is the one responsible for attacking Diana. So not seeing any signs of remorse, the DA's office opposes Kevin's release. But then a few years into his time in prison, Kevin seems to turn his life around. He gets sober. That same article in Deseret news reports that he earns a degree in computer science. He gets a job as an office clerk in the prison. And that's actually where he meets his third wife. And he and his daughter with his first wife both told us that from that point he stays on track and he actually tries to be as present of a dad as he can be from prison.


She and her mom told us they always believed in Kevin's innocence and that he was never capable. They didn't think he was capable of attacking Diana so brutally. And actually a detective working on one of those bedroom basher cases in 1996 is about to find out that they're right. So with advances that come in DNA testing in like mid to late nineties, detective Tom Tarpley of the Tustin PD starts taking a second look at all those murders that had once been attributed to this elusive bedroom bacher. Those cases are all still unsolved and they were hoping to make progress on them years later.


And one of those cases that he's looking into stands out Deborah Kennedy. She's the one who was killed just a week after Diana's attack. So Detective Tarpley submits a DNA sample that they have on file from Deborah's case to codis. And so soon he gets ahead, the sample matches. 41-year-old Gerald Parker who Detective Tarpley learns has been serving time in a prison for a parole violation. And thank freaking God he did this testing when he did because Gerald was scheduled to be released the next month, his DNA was in CODIS because he was convicted of sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl after abducting her like he had grabbed her and thrown her into his van on her way home from her dad's funeral.


What I know. So in June of 1996, detective Tarpley visits Gerald in prison and he's not alone. Police in Costa Mesa have been looking into Gerald two 'cause his DNA matched samples from three of their unsolved murders Were these cases known bedroom bacher cases All three of the Costa Mesa murders were. And those include on Deborah Senior. So Gerald says he did have violent urges, he heard voices, but he says he's been prescribed medication for those mental health issues and he can't remember assaulting anyone, let alone he says he can't remember the four women that they're talking to him about. He claims that his memory of that time and his life apparently like as a whole isn't great because of his substance use disorder.


While he was in the Marines and at the time of the murders in Costa Mesa, he was living at a Marine Corps air base working nights in a helicopter squadron working Around helicopters like Kevin did. Bingo. And at the same time, at the same base in Tustin. Yeah. And this is when like all the feelers go up because apparently so many years on, even the DA had started making some rustlings like by this point he wasn't so sure that Kevin was their guy anymore. I don't think anything specific was being done yet in Diana's case to prove or disprove that feeling.


But a case that they once thought was connected to Diana now being solved the killer, having a connection to where Diana's husband worked was just like a little too weird to write off. Yeah. So when Costa Mesa police don't really get anywhere with Gerald, detective Tarpley goes in and tries his hand at questioning him and he shows Gerald first a picture of Deborah and asks, why would your DNA be at the scene of this woman's murder? But Gerald claims he doesn't recognize her, says he has no idea why his DNA would be there. But he does admit that he had been in that area where her apartment was. And that's when Detective Tarpley runs Gerald through Diana's attack and reminds him that Kevin is serving time for it.


And Gerald not only admits that he read about the case, but he gives up details. Only someone who had been in the apartment should know like the street, it was off of the layout of the bedroom. Diana was attacked in the fact that the door to the apartment was on the side of the building. Detective Tarley is actually amazed by how much Gerald remembers after 16 years. So he asked him if he knew Kevin while they were in the Marines, but he says he didn't. I mean How, I don't know. I have no idea how many people served on that base or worked like in that squadron, but it was like a 4,700 acre facility. So mean we're not talking something small, but still it feels like a big coincidence.


Yeah, like massive. Anyway, Gerald asked Detective Tarpley if Kevin is on death row and Detective Tarpley says he's not sure, but hearing about Kevin's conviction seems to flip some kind of switch in Gerald, he's like lost in thought and Detective Tarpley thinks that he's on a verge of a confession. So he makes one last plea for Gerald to do the right thing. And that hits Gerald hard. He finally asked for Costa Mesa police to come back in because he's ready to talk. And when everyone is back in the room, he says he believes an innocent man, meaning Kevin Green is on death row for something that he did.


And out of all the murders, all the assaults, all the horrible things he's done, that's what's been eating away at him for almost two decades. That's the only thing that's been eating away at him. That's All not concerned about the women he killed or left fighting for their lives, right? This man who was in prison for something he didn't do. And though to even be clear, like it's not like he did anything once he saw that Kevin had been arrested and convicted, Right? This has been decades on now and It's when he's confronted, but now at least he's finally telling something resembling the truth. Gerald likely was the man that Kevin saw by the van when he left the apartment that day because Gerald says after a night of drinking, he parked his van near the Green's apartment complex and he was walking past their apartment when he heard Kevin and Diana arguing and then he heard a door slam.


He heard a car drive away. So Gerald says that he went back out for a drink for what he thinks was an hour before coming back to the apartment. Now this is where like things don't totally add up because we know that Kevin was only gone for like 20 minutes. So the timeline is weird, but Gerald does admit that he was high during all of the murders. So my only thought is that maybe what felt like an hour to him was 20 minutes or he even got that wrong because I don't even know how he'd have time to go and come back. Anyways, someone's timeline isn't quite adding up. But Gerald says he comes back to the apartment at some point and by that time he had gotten in the habit of just checking if doors or windows were unlocked. And Kevin remember had left that kitchen door unlocked.


So he says he picks up a board like some kind of two by four piece of plywood that he found outside. He went inside to where he found Diana in the bedroom and he says that she actually like when he, when he walks in, she like sits up in bed and like stared at him before laying back down. And Gerald says he thinks this is why she thought it was Kevin. She like didn't realize it wasn't him. I dunno if he was like back lit or something and Like put the pieces together. If someone's in my room, it's gotta be Kevin, the Guy that just like left and came back. But as soon as she like gets up, lays back down. Gerald says he rushed at her with the board striking her in the head before sexually assaulting her. So hold up. Kevin has been telling the truth this whole time.


Yes, he's telling the truth about not being the one who attacked her. Okay? The thing is like there's no version of Kevin's story that he's ever told where him and Diana fight before he leaves. But like that seems like that's what happened, right? Like based on what neighbors heard, based on Diana's own account, based even on what Gerald said that he witnessed, Do they ever try to say that Kevin hired Gerald? No, I think they just take Gerald at his word when he says that him and Kevin didn't know each other. And I mean after all this time, like Gerald has never said that And it would've helped him, right? Right. To say that, right? And listen, while it might be easy for someone to argue with this confession of a man who is a serial killer, like what you can't argue with is DNA.


And luckily the sexual assault test kit that was done in Diana's case has not been thrown out yet. And it hadn't been ever tested for DNA, remember just a blood type, Right? 'cause it was back in like the late seventies. Yeah. And in another, just like weird coincidence, Gerald and Kevin have the same blood type, but PCR tests confirmed that the DNA was Gerald's, not Kevin's. And just so like we're on the same page, these tests that prove that Kevin didn't attack Diana, that Kevin wasn't the one who killed their daughter, those by this point had been available for like 12 of the 16 years he'd been in prison. And did Kevin's defense ever try to get these tested before Kevin said they tried.


He said they reached out to, or he did at one point reach out to a lawyer who was like one of the first in California to successfully defend a client using DNA. But it wasn't feasible. That lawyer wanted like 10 grand to just look into whether there was DNA to test and then like another 10 grand to actually do the test, which he just didn't have. But now all in all, police use DNA to tie Gerald to seven bedroom basher cases, including five murders beside Chal Marie. Those are Sandra Fry, Kimberly Rollins, Marilyn Carlton, Deborah Kennedy, and Deborah Sr. And he's also identified as a man who attacked a woman named Jane Pettengill, who, she's the one who was the other survivor who tried to describe him back in like 1979 to police.


But even though he's identified as that, he's not charged for that because the statute of limitations on that assault ran out, which is always so wild to me that like, especially when the intent was to kill someone, right? Attempted murder. Like just because you failed, like you get to, there's A, there's a time limit on it's being able to be charged. It's so wild, right? So on June 20th, 1996, this is nearly 16 years after Kevin was sent to prison, the new evidence is brought in front of a judge and there a da recommends that Kevin be declared innocent. The judge agrees with the recommendation and apologizes to Kevin for all the years he's lost to imprisonment. So finally, Kevin's a free man, but it takes time to sink in.


His ex-wife remembers him calling her from a hotel, terrified that police were gonna send him back to prison like he can't even believe he's out. Now he has to enter also a completely different world than he left. I mean he spent almost half his life behind bars. But eventually the state of California passes a bill to compensate him a hundred dollars a day for each day he served, which comes out to about $620,000. So when he leaves Kevin, he flies to Salt Lake City, then he goes to the Midwest to reunite with his family to start over, and finally he gets to be present for his daughter who goes on actually to get a criminal justice degree.


And in most of the reporting, that's where this story ends. But Diana told us that's not where it ended for her. She tells the media how shocked she was by these revelations. I mean, she's like at the time, struggling to reconcile her memories with Gerald's confession. She ends up actually meeting with police who show her a photo of Gerald, but she has no idea who the guy is. I Honestly can't imagine how difficult that would be to process, like you said, to reconcile what you feel like, you know? Yeah. Versus what is known, Right? And it has to feel, I mean, you went to trial, you believe it in your soul like something that happened to you.


And now she's like also in this place where she's having to like go through that attack again and again trying to make sense of it. But every time she's like, sure she didn't mix up. She is sure she didn't remember another instance where Kevin had hurt her. Like he like had done so many times before. So I mean, I'm sure someone was like, oh, maybe you're conflating this was something else. And she's like, no. Like I remember what happened. And as everything does slowly start to sink in, police drop another bombshell, they let her know that Kevin has already been released. So like as she's learning this, she probably thinks he's like, it's something that's going to happen and She still has a sense of like safety or security, right?


And she's processing all this and then that's just Gone. And then she has to like jump into survival mode in an LA Times article by Renee Lynch and Dexter Filkin. She says she's considering filing a restraining order against him at that point. Like that's truly just how scared she was. And she said like she kept, I don't know, like the way it was for her, she kept calling police and like asking them about specific details about the investigation. Like she's just keeps trying to make things add up. And she said finally police tell her like, listen, like we've told you everything. Like you know what might be a good idea is for you to go straight to the source. Like maybe you should go talk to Gerald before he goes on trial.


So they tell her to just talk to the serial killer who attacked her. Yeah. And she does. She goes and talks to the serial killer who attacked her with her mom right by her side. Diana shared with us her mom. Pat's super detailed handwritten account of that visit to Gerald, which is dated August 25th, 1996 in a room divided by glass with one seat and a phone on one side and another seat and phone on the other. Gerald sat down across from Pat and Diana and Pat told Gerald that they wanted to confront him and to get answers about what happened. And according to this letter, Gerald told them even more than they expected.


He said that he was wandering around Diana's apartment complex when he heard Kevin and Diana arguing. He didn't know what caused the argument, but he stood outside the window and watched Kevin and Diana. And according to Pat's account, Gerald claimed that he couldn't make out what it was, but that he saw Kevin reach over, pick something up from the dresser and hit Diana a few times. Did Gerald mention that in his original confession? Not that I could tell. Like we weren't able to get the full transcript before the recording. But Pat wrote that Gerald said when he went inside and he found Diana, she was like in this daze, remember this is when she like lifts her head, looks at him before like flopping back down and then the rest is what he told police.


But this meeting with Gerald is what reinforces Diana's belief that Kevin hurt her before Gerald attacked her. Like in her mind both can still be true. So while Diana leaves believing that Gerald is responsible for attacking her, she feels more convinced than ever that so did Kevin. And it is incredibly hard for her to wrap her head around the outpouring of public support that he's getting. Yeah, Diana and Kevin have never spoken in the years since this. Diana told us that he's never tried to reach out to apologize or to make amends, and she firmly believes that he does have something to apologize for.


It's the reason that she's never been able to forgive him while she says she has been able to forgive Gerald because he at least apologized. Now, Kevin told us that he never reached out to her because he doesn't wanna make things harder for her, but things were already pretty freaking hard for her. I mean, lingering effects of her physical attack itself aside now that Kevin has been exonerated the media all but blames Diana for his wrongful conviction. So after Kevin's convictions overturned, his lawyers say in that LA Times article that nothing Diana says should be believed because her testimony at Kevin's trial has proven that she's not reliable. But if there's one thing that this story has taught me, it's that memory is a complicated thing no matter if you've suffered a brain injury or not.


Like for example, a friend told police that Kevin said that the reason he went out for that cheeseburger at the Jack in the box was because Diana was craving one. Diana remembers it that way too. But when Kevin talked to us, he said that he'd never craved anything in his life like that cheeseburger. And Kevin told us he didn't drink anything the night of the attack, but multiple witnesses remember him drinking that day. And again, clearly there was some fight that took place that night, but that's never been part of Kevin's story. And is it memory or is it trying to change our memory to make the truth better for certain people? Easier. Easier. Now just to be clear, nobody ever believes that Kevin is responsible for the crime he was wrongfully convicted of.


He has been completely cleared and, and by by cleared I mean ultimately exonerated of it, he was proven factually innocent in a court of law. Kevin claims that some police officers called Diana and her mom, the crazy ladies, when the story like really went public. And I've said it before, we as society are quick to write women off as crazy. But while Diana has had to work hard to communicate her thoughts, she speaks powerfully when she reflects on what she went through. And she does just that when she takes the stand again this time to testify against Gerald when he goes to trial in 1998 for the murder of her daughter and the murders of five other Orange County women, ones that his DNA was tied to.


And in that case, the jury deliberates for less than two hours before returning a verdict of guilty on all six counts of first degree murder with a recommendation of the death penalty. Diana told us that she felt a sense of relief when Gerald was convicted of her daughter's murder because he's where he should be in prison, where he can't hurt anyone else. But she still says she wouldn't call it closure. She said that when she got our call about speaking about her perspective of this, she felt some hope that maybe talking about it, talking about what she went through, like the real full story of what she went through, maybe that will bring closure. I mean, since the attack her life at times has been difficult and frustrating.


When she was in high school, English was her favorite subject. And before the attack she loved writing poetry to put her inner most thoughts to paper. But since then she's had to work hard to find the right words to even express herself even in everyday conversations. But she has also surprised herself. She recovered better than she ever hoped that she would like. She only had, I dunno if you know this, a 10% chance of survival in the hospital. And now she is like the pillar of support for her friends. She drives them to doctor's appointments and keeps busy and goes on vacations with her grandkids. And she raised her daughter from a place of hope and never a place of fear. So she lived, she lived, and we asked Diana what she wants crime junkies to take from her story.


And she told us that she hopes that we'll look at her case in a different way than everyone has in the past. That there is more to her story than people think, and more to her than what she SURVIVED. And there is no doubt in my mind that no matter what happened that night in 1979, Diana is a survivor. That is who she is at her core. She SURVIVED a volatile relationship, a heinous attack by an evil stranger waiting in the shadows and the death of a child. I mean, her world was turned upside down again and again and again. She's strong and she has never stopped living. So if you crime junkies, you or someone you know are experiencing domestic violence, you can reach out to the National Domestic Violence Hotline and 1-800-799-SAFE.


We're also gonna link to more resources in our show notes. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, prime junkie podcast.com, and You can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with a brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve.