
Hi Everyone, it's Ashley Flowers here with an exciting reminder that we are going back on Tour Crime Junkie is hitting the road starting next month, and we've got stops from coast to coast, from Los Angeles to a couple different spots in Texas and all the way down to two cities in Florida. And we're trying to hit everywhere in between. My best friend Britt And I will be diving into a case I've never covered anywhere else before and we can't wait to connect with all of you in person. Tickets are going fast, so don't wait. Head to Crime Junkie podcast.com to grab your tickets today and I can't wait to see you


soon. There's a reason the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the number one best bed for couples only. Sleep Number Smart Beds. Let you and your partner each choose your ideal comfort and support. My personal sleep number setting is 70 and my husband's is 35. Two very different beds all in one. So we can meet in the middle and cuddle. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed So you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? And now save 50% on the new Sleep number limited edition Smart Bed, limited Time exclusively at a Sleep Number store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details


brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X Card is perfect for you. Earn unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com for details


Every 26 seconds a burglary takes place in the US according to FBI. Data. Protect your home before it's too late. With SimpliSafe proactive security system, SimpliSafe helps stop threats before they even have a chance to break in. SimpliSafe has been a constant for my family for the past nearly seven years, and having that confidence that my home and family are protected 24 7 means I've lost zero sleep worrying about our safety. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hi Crime junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. I'm not gonna spend too much time. I'm the overview of why I'm in your feed on a Thursday, even though don't worry, still gonna have your weekly Monday episodes. If you wanna know, I highly recommend you go back and take a listen yourself. I've left you something in each episode, but this one is another stop in my own Crime Junkie ERAS tour. And this next stop is one that I don't get too often, even though it's not too far from my home state. It's home to some of the greatest musicians of all time, specifically country musicians and iconic places like the Grand Ole Opry, which I visited as a child once. But I would love to come back to as an adult, but we know no matter the extent of the glitz and the glamor of a city or state or country, it doesn't make the possibility of experiencing absolute life-changing and devastating circumstances just like the one I wanna retell you about from this past episode.


Hi Crime Junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. And I'm Brit. And actually I wanna try something a little different with this episode. So Brit, I'm gonna pass it over to you to tell the story. One that began nearly two decades ago in Tennessee. This is the story of Santoya Brown.


Okay, so the story I have for you today starts on August 7th, 2004 in Nashville, Tennessee. It's a little after 7:00 PM that day when a call comes in to nine one one dispatch. The dispatcher asks the usual, what's the address of your emergency? And the caller, a woman gives them a street address on Moss Dale Drive. The next question, of course is what's the emergency? What's going on over there? And the caller responds with just one word homicide. And according to court documents, the operator tries to get more information, but the caller hangs up before answering any more questions? This has gotta be one of those, like this is a prank, is it not moments, but the operator dispatches first responders right away.


When police arrive, they get no answer at the front door, but are thankfully able to get in through the garage. And it doesn't take them long to find what they're looking for. They're in the bedroom, lying naked, face down on the bed in a pool of blood is a man. It looks as though he's been shot and his hands are kind of laced together under his face almost like he'd been sleeping. And when the paramedics arrive, they confirm what officers already knew, the man is dead. Police identify him as 43-year-old Johnny Allen and right away they get to work, searching the home for evidence, they find one shell casing onto the bed, which is really all they expected to find since there seemed to be only one bullet at play here that went straight through Johnny's head and into the wall.


Was there like any kind of gun too? No, they don't find a gun, which along with the position of the body is what makes them pretty confident that they're dealing with a homicide and not a suicide. Now, I wasn't able to find a ton of detail about the investigation except to say that something leads them first to Johnny's truck, which they find abandoned in a Walmart parking lot and then to a motel just down the street. Now by now it's the wee hours of August 8th, like full on middle of the night, and they're standing outside room 3 0 2, knocking on the door, a man swings the door open and police immediately pull him outside. And within seconds, a young woman, a naked young woman named Santoya Brown comes flying out the door saying, cut.


Didn't do it. I'll tell you, everything cut is San Toya's boyfriend, and I know you can't see me right now, but heavy air quotes on the word boyfriend in her book Free Santoya, she writes about cut at that time in her life when she was essentially homeless, aimless using drugs and hustling to get by. He was every single kind of abusive, I mean physical, emotional, sexual, but also she was pretty much dependent on him too. Anyway, police bring them both in for questioning, but the person they really wanna talk to is the woman. She tells them that her name is Santoya, Denise Mitchell, and that she's 19 years old.


She tells them that she'd met the man for the first time two nights before on August 6th at about 11:00 PM when he pulled up next to her in his truck at a sonic and asked if she was hungry. She tells police that she was hungry and this guy looked safe like a businessman, someone who had an actual job, a career. So she climbed into his truck and they headed to the Sonic Drive-in. She says Johnny bought her a burger and offered to let her stay at his place. And she agreed. And during the drive to his place, and Toya says he told her he was a real estate agent and he volunteered in the community and was, you know, kind of this man about town. He seemed like a nice enough guy and everything seemed fine. That is she tells police until they got to his place.


That's when things started to get a little strange. And I get the sense that what she means is that his demeanor changed. She says he started showing her all the rifles he has in his place and tells her how he used to be a sharpshooter in the military, that kind of stuff. Is this like happening in like a an intimidating way? Yeah, totally. And she says they finished their food and then watched TV for a bit and then she told him she was really tired and asked if he would mind if she slept for a little bit. And he was like, sure, that's fine. She tells police that what she was really hoping for is that he would fall asleep so she could sneak out without making any sort of scene. But according to Santoya, while they were laying in bed, the man started touching her and whispering to her.


And at first she was just like kind of shifting around in the bed, pretending to be asleep and kind of uncomfortable and annoyed. But then she says he grabbed her hard between the legs and when she turned around to face him, she saw this terrifying look in his eyes, an aggressive look. She says, her first thought was, oh my God, he is going to hit me. But instead of hitting her, he rolled away in the opposite direction, which is when it dawned on her that, no, he's not gonna hit me, he's going to kill me. She says she was sure he was reaching for a gun. And in a split second since Oya says she reached into her purse on the nightstand, grabbed the gun, she'd started carrying just a couple weeks before, pointed it at Johnny and pulled the trigger.


I've been trying to cut back on coffee. So I've been looking for substitutions that I can work in throughout the day and I give myself one cup of Joe in the morning and then for the afternoon I've been trying rise mushroom coffee, which sounds wild, at least to like my Midwest self. It did. But it's been a great find. And for my like I hate mushroom people, it doesn't taste like mushroom soup or anything. They have a bunch of different products, even hot chocolate. The benefits are awesome. Rise Mushroom Coffee is a custom powerhouse blend of six functional mushrooms crafted to fuel your body and mind all day long. It helps with all day energy, sharper focus, healthy digestion and immune support. It's been a nice little boost for me in the afternoon when I get to that like post lunch 2:00 PM crash. And with over 150,005 star reviews, you likely won't be disappointed. Try rise Mushroom Coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash Crime Junkie. That's RYZE superfoods.com/ Crime Junkie. Don't just wake up awaken with rise.


There are parts of Santo's story that aren't really adding up to police. It's not that they think that everything she's saying is a lie, they can see these nuggets of truth in it, but what she's telling them is basically that she shot Johnny in self-defense, but that's not what it looked like to police at the scene. To them remember it looked like he'd been asleep when he was shot. So if they're not seeing it as self-defense, what's their theory at this point? Or do they still, they not even have one. No, They do. Police think that Santoya is skipping over an important detail that she's a sex worker and that she killed Johnny Allen while he slept so she could rob him.


Well, I mean, is there anything missing from the house besides his truck? So when they arrest Santoya at the motel, they find his wallet and some guns, both of which have been stolen from the house. And eventually she says that she ended up taking $173 for him. So with this police feel they have enough to charge santoya with first degree murder, which they do. And according to court documents, it's only after the arraignment that police learned that this 19-year-old santoya Denise Mitchell is in fact 16-year-old Santoya Denise Brown. Okay, so I mean now we're talking about a minor, which I would imagine changes the charges or, or even a theory of what happened. Like does it for them?


No, not at all. In fact, the prosecution is planning to ask the judge to transfer cent toia to adult court, which would mean the minimum sentence if she's convicted on the charges is 60 years with no possibility of parole for 51 years. And I assume that life is probably an option too then if she's being looked at as an adult. Oh yeah, absolutely. In the Netflix documentary, murder to Mercy, the Santoya Brown story, they actually say that Tennessee has the harshest mandatory minimums in the country when it comes to juveniles being tried in adult court, which actually happens way more frequently than I think we even acknowledge or know about, even for those of us in the true crime community.


And Santoya is one of them. Her case is transferred to adult court and when the time finally comes to put it before a jury, she's 18 years old. And while that's still so, so young, the santoya the jury sees is not the 16-year-old in actual legit pigtail braids who was arrested back in 2004. It's a slightly older, slightly more mature looking santoya. And the story she tells about the night of August 6th is actually not markedly different from the one she told police during that first interrogation. What is different though is what she shares about everything that led up to the night of August 6th, Which is Like, for example, how Santoyo was born when her biological mother was just 16 years old.


And even at 16 she was drinking heavily every day all throughout her pregnancy. Her bio mom kept drinking after Santoya was born, but then she discovered crack cocaine and soon found herself with a full-blown substance use disorder on top of the alcohol use. This whole time is like Santoya living with her, like did she actually keep custody of Santoya this whole time? Yeah, she did off and on until Santoya was adopted at age two. But her adoptive mother, Lynette said on the murdered Drew Mercy documentary that she and her husband had been caring for Santoya since she was only six months old. And even though her mom and dad provided a loving home for Santoya, by the time she was a teenager, her life was already off the rails. It seemed like she was always getting in trouble for something.


By the time she pulled that trigger in Johnny Allen's bedroom, she'd already been kicked outta school arrested and served time in juvenile detention. And so when she met that guy, cut the one she was living in the motel with and he convinced her to start exchanging sex for money, she was like, honestly, sure, whatever. Yeah. But again, 16, no one's a sex worker, like she herself is a victim of trafficking. Whatever roll cut played in that, I mean Totally, totally. But back in 2006 at San Toya's murder trial, that's not the way the jury sees it because that's not the way the prosecution presented it. So after only six hours of deliberation, the jury comes back with a guilty verdict, guilty of first degree murder, guilty of felony murder, guilty of aggravated robbery, and Santoya is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility of parole for 51 years.


And to say that Santoya changed in prison would kind of be the understatement of a lifetime. Ashley, while there Santoya finishes high school and starts working towards an associate's degree, she earns another degree, a bachelor's this time in organizational development graduating with a 4.0 GPA. She starts writing the book, the one I mentioned earlier called Free Santoya. I mean she's literally a new and completely different person. But despite all that work, it was never enough to get Santoya anywhere with appeals. The courts rejected every request her team made. But then in 2017, a reporter happens to mention Santo's case in a story about a New Tennessee law, one that prohibits minors from being charged and sentenced as sex workers.


And it is exactly what Santo's defense didn't even know that they always needed. So on the heels of that story comes an absolute flood of support. Rihanna posts on social media about Santoya Kim Kardashian does too. LeBron James TI, Lana Delray, and all of a sudden hashtag free Santoya Brown has a million tweets and is growing by the day. And just to give you a flavor of the tone shift like culturally in the 13 years since all this started, can you just read Rihanna's post for us? Sure. She writes, quote, imagine at the age of 16 being sex trafficked by a pimp named cutthroat. After days of being repeatedly drugged and raped by different men, you were purchased by a 43-year-old child predator who took you to his home to use you for sex.


You end up finding enough courage to fight back and shoot and kill him. You are arrested as a result, tried and convicted as an adult and sentenced to life in prison. This is the story of Santoya Brown. She'll be eligible for parole when she is 69 years old. End quote. Oh, that's heavy. Yeah. And laying it out that way that she won't even be eligible for parole until she's almost 70 because of about five seconds of time that happened when she was 16. There's Actually a picture of Santoya on Rihanna's Instagram post. And again, she looks so young and that's what she would have looked like on that night.


Johnny Allen picked her up outside at the Sonic for the express purpose of taking her back to his house for sex, which is again the prosecution's theory all along of what happened. And eventually what Santoya admitted to, again, like the actual like black and white events don't change. It's all about this context. She was a child, she looks like a child. It just seems bananas to me that anyone would look at this girl and think anything other than that that like how can you look at her and call her an adult? I know, and I think some of that had to do with the life that Santoya had been leading up to that point, like before she was arrested for the murder, not to mention the way she acted when she was first locked up, which you can probably guess was super aggressive, defiant, violent.


But I mentioned before the change of law in 2017 relating to you in trafficking, the one that kickstarted the whole free Santoya brown movement. Well, there's another important way public sentiment is at least starting to shift. First came a Supreme Court decision in 2010 that said, guys, juveniles can't be sentenced to life without parole for non homicidal violences. And then two years later in 2012, Caitlin Ford reported for a BC news that a second Supreme Court decision said, we take that back actually life without parole for any juvenile, for any crime, including homicide constitutes cruel and unusual punishment. Do either of those actually apply to Sat Toya? I mean, I know that technically she isn't serving life without parole.


She can get parole at 69, but isn't that effectively life in prison? Like what's she supposed to do with her life if the first time she steps into the world? She's 69 years old, Right? So first thing, small correction to the Rihanna tweet, you read before she would actually be 67 because she did get some credit for time served. But honestly, that's neither here nor there. But neither of the rulings apply to Santoya because technically, like you said, her sentence isn't life without parole. But that almost doesn't matter because by this time she's got all this momentum building behind her, Santoya has changed, the world has changed. So Santoya and her team decide to ride this wave of support and make their one final Hail Mary pass, which is to ask the governor for clemency.


And when I say Hail Mary pass, this is truly a hail Mary pass. The very, very last possible opportunity for someone to look at San Toya's 2004 crime and 2006 conviction and consider how appropriate the punishment really is. Given all that has changed. In the meantime, in May, 2018, Santoya goes before the board of Pardons and Paroles in Tennessee to essentially plead her case. And just for clarity, her going before the parole board isn't really necessarily about proving guilt or innocence, right? Like my understanding is parole board is you have to like show that you've changed and you should be considered for release even though her sentence wouldn't necessarily allow for, right, Exactly.


So what her team is asking the board to recommend to the governor is that Santo's sentence be commuted from first degree murder to second degree murder, which means that even if they're successful, she may still have to serve time, whether behind bars or on parole, she'll still have a record, all that stuff. But even within those confines, a commutation to second degree murder would give Santoya a second chance. One of the people who testifies on her behalf at that hearing is actually a Tennessee state prosecutor, the one who argued against San Toya's appeal and was ultimately successful because the verdict was upheld. But he tells the board he had no idea that the person he just argued should stay in prison for 51 years was the same person sitting in his classroom making straight A's.


And once he knew that, he realized he needed to do something about it. Ultimately the board is essentially split. Two of them vote for clemency to vote against it, and two say that she should be eligible for parole after 25 years. So what does that even mean? Well, it means the governor has a lot to consider making his decision. I mean these recommendations go to him and in theory, the board weighs one way or the other and he can say, oh, like everyone's in agreement on this one. Let's do this. He's got a completely split vote. But it's actually not until January, 2019, eight months after that hearing that Santoya finds out that the decision has been made, the governor has decided to commute Santo's sentence to 15 years, which doesn't mean she's free to go right then and there.


She still has seven months to go. Yeah, but there's a big difference between seven months and 51 years. I mean, not to mention a big difference between being released from prison at 67 or 31, which is how old Santoya is when she walks outta that Tennessee women's prison for the first time since she was 16 years old, and to say the time in prison changed, Santoya is again almost not the right word. She is transformed during those years. She had always been smart, a psychologist who evaluated Santoya way back in 2004 and testified that her IQ was in the 90th percentile of the entire population, but prison had given her the time and space to focus that intelligence.


Hang on. Are you actually saying like for once, I've never heard this, but prison actually worked. Okay. Do not put words in my mouth. I would say that time worked. I mean, who's to say what kind of impact the right kind of trauma-informed counseling and treatment would've had on Santo's life if she had been given those opportunities? You know, right from the start, if she'd been recognized as a victim of human trafficking, facing an impossible situation every day of her life, rather than as an adult who knowingly and intentionally committed murder, You know, I think it's easy for us to like look at Santo's story, hear her story and think like, wow, things have really changed. We're acknowledging that things were more complex and the system allowed for at the time, whatever.


But it's important to remember commutation is not exoneration. Santoya is still technically a convicted killer and there's a lot that comes along with that job she can get. Whether or not she's able to vote, like again, she's out of jail and that is a huge step, but it is not, you know, giving her a hundred percent of her life back that she lost. Again, certainly something, but I wouldn't call it a clear win for advocates of human trafficking survivors. I do think it illustrates really well how much things can change in a pretty short amount of time, though public sentiment towards victims, but also laws and the way that they're implemented. It also, again, you guys shows you the power that you have those million tweets.


Like that's what got people paying attention to those cases. And I think that's where all of our crime junkies come in. You can find all the source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. And Be sure to check out our Instagram at Crime Junkie podcast.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve? I.