
Hi Crime junkies. It's Ashley.


Six years ago when we did our very first Crime Junkie tour, we told a story about a young girl who was murdered. Well, within that story, the killer had Googled Dana Ireland autopsy photos. That small piece of the larger story set me on a years long spiral, picking apart the murder of a young woman On Christmas Eve, three men were convicted of her murder, but it was clear that the real killer had never been identified. But how that happened is a wild story, one that we are telling you in the new season of three, hosted by Amanda Knox. Hear the full story in season two of three. You can listen to three now wherever you get your podcasts.


In 19 32, 1 man opened a two room business school above a nondescript storefront in downtown Manchester, New Hampshire. How did it become one of the largest universities in the country? Okay, this case isn't exactly a mystery. Southern New Hampshire University offers over 200 degrees you can earn from your couch and with low online tuition. Southern New Hampshire University makes earning your degree affordable too. Find your degree@snu.edu slash Crime Junkie. That's SN H u.edu/ Crime Junkie


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X card is perfect for you. Earn unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com for details.


This episode is brought to you by Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The all new S 25 Ultra is integrated with incredible AI features. It's a true AI companion capable of handling multiple tasks with just one ask. You can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to your friends or search for recipes and add them to your notes. Plus now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings like your appointments, the weather, and your energy score. It's basically the rundown I used to get from my assistant every morning. And don't worry, AI will never put her out of a job. She is amazing. But the now brief with Galaxy AI makes it easy to plan and organize everything from where we're going to lunch to debrief and interview on a reporting trip to travel plans for the tour. You can even use it to help plan your trip to see the Crime Junkie Life rule number 10 tour. Get your Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Seamless actions across apps is compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


Hi Crime junkies, I'm your host Ashley Flowers and if you are watching this episode on YouTube you might notice I have a special guest with me today. This has been a wild couple of weeks when it comes to updates in cold cases and one of North Carolina's most infamous cases. The disappearance of Asia degree was the latest to break and when I hear cold cases in North Carolina, there is one name that comes to mind. Hi everybody. Delia Deandra here, host of CounterClock and Park Predators and proud North Carolina resident for most of my life. Thank God we have a resident expert on call for all things North Carolina because when this happened I was feverishly texting you.


Yeah, I was like, you need to come tell this story. You need to get all the search warrants and like get on a plane and come to Indianapolis immediately. You were not in Indianapolis No A day ago. No, I was at home and honestly I think it was like within an hour of you sending me like that first text a couple days ago. You're asking me like, Hey come tody in February from Florida. Which like for anything under Interation degree case like No I would not do but because it is this case I knew like okay I gotta get my hands on these search warrants. I'm, I'm totally done And guess what she did? So we are gonna shake things up a bit today. Brit and I actually covered this case on Crime Junkie way back in January of 2019. But instead of the throwback to that episode, Delia and I are gonna walk you through this case with fresh eyes and a whole new perspective because what has unfolded recently I think kind of changes everything.


It really does and I've known about this case probably, you know I say she was nine years old when she disappeared on Valentine's Day at 2000. And so I've known about it for a long time and it really is one of those cases where you know, if you're local and it was locally known well but like agencies and news outlets outside of the state of North Carolina really didn't cover it much until recently. And everyone is talking about this like crime drug. You are blowing up our dms. I hear you and I am ready to jump right in because there's a ton of new information to cover. But I do wanna tell people like how we got here a little bit. Yeah and the reason I was like feverishly texting you because the timing of all this is a little wild. Yeah, it is really wild because I was also just texting you like a week ago saying like, hey I'm looking at maybe like what's the next thing for CounterClock?


Like what's the future season of CounterClock or whatever. And so I had brought up to you I was like, you know, is there a world in which I can do a missing persons case on CounterClock? I wish like I Needed the, the actual text message. I know I'm like this might be the worst idea you've ever had. I know But 'cause I've never done that. I've never done a missing case on CounterClock. Like in order to do that it would have to be like the right fit and we were kinda like talking about it and really like Aisha's case came to top of mind but also to, you know, where she disappeared from is not that far from like the Winston-Salem area And the Charlotte area, which is where I spent a ton of time. Time for those are your stomping grounds. I know for CounterClock season seven. So I've really been inundated in that area and so you know, it made me have more interest with that. But then also I'd interviewed an FBI agent a couple years back for dark arenas.


His name is Jim Ozio and he actually was the FBI card team leader on Asia's case and card is child abduction rapid deployment team for the fbi. I so I got to know like some people with the FBI that had worked the case, like I felt like I had some ins and so that's why I kind of was like maybe as a journalist this is like my way of Yeah. Trying to tackle it or whatever. Delia tells me, she's like, I'm gonna just like reach out to some people, see if I can make some contact. But nobody had reach back out to you. Mm. And it's 'cause it turns out everyone's been really busy. Yeah. So I actually made my first, I told you I made my kind of like first pass at reaching out to the Cleveland County Sheriff's office, which is in charge of Asia's case and I knew like okay I need them to kind of be on board, right?


Yeah. And so then ghosted like nothing and then all of these like things happen and I'm like, okay, yeah they've been like, this all makes sense. You know why I didn't get call back. Right. Yeah they've been, they've been a bit busy like I said. Yeah. So TBD on the next season of CounterClock, we'll see there might be another case for you to solve if this one gets solved. But Delia's lost for CounterClock Is crime Junkies game because it has given her and I time to deep dive into all the new updates and you get to hear them right now. So let's not waste a single moment. We have a lot to get into.


It all starts on Valentine's Day morning in 2000. Asia degree is nine years old and she's living with her mom and dad, Aquila and Harold and her 10-year-old brother O'Brien. The family's apartment is in Shelby, North Carolina, which is about an hour directly West of Charlotte if I've got that right. Delia. Yeah. Okay. So the degrees go to church on Sunday, February 13th they have lunch at one of ASHA's aunt's houses, which is just down the street from their place. And then they turn in for the day at around like 8:30 PM Harold goes to work at a second job that he has and Aquila spent the evening with O'Brien and Aisha. Now normally Aquila would give her kids a bath that night, but there had been some kind of car accident or like crash near their home that had kind of, I guess knocked out their power.


So their normal routine is basically just like out the window for that night. And so because of that, Aquila had planned to just like do it all the next morning, which would be Monday, February 14th, which is of course Valentine's Day. So overnight between the 13th and 14th, sometime between 1230 and two 30, Harold gets home from his second job and before he goes to bed he checks on his kids. Aisha and her brother actually share rooms. So he was able to peek in and lay eyes on both of them at the same time. By 5 45 in the morning, Aquila is up for the day and she goes to start the kids' bath like she planned, do the whole morning routine thing so they can get out the door for school by six 30. But when she enters O'Brien and Aisha's room, she only sees O'Brien asleep under his covers.


Aisha's just gone. So the family searches all over their house, they search in the cars, they have like talking to family members who live nearby and they're getting frantic as more and more time goes by and they can't find Asia after doing all of that. So they decided around 6:30 AM like okay now it's time to call the police. Right? Like they don't wait all day long by six 30 they know something is wrong. So Harold gets on the phone with nine one one and actually back when Brit and I did our original episode, I had found a transcript of the nine one one call and she and I actually voiced it. So I will give everyone a throwback of me reading Harold's words and Britt as the dispatcher 9 1 1.


Yes, I'd like to report a child missing. From where? From my house. What's your address? 3 4 0 4 oh Crest Drive. Is this an apartment? Yeah. And which apartment? Apartment? 3 4 0 6. Okay. Is she missing from 3 4 0 4 or 3 4 0 6 3. 4 0 4. I mean There's not an apartment number, It's three four. No, no It's not like an A or B. No, Uhuh. And what's your name? Harold Dree. Your phone number Harold. The next door neighbor said she went down the road and said that she was just a kid on the road.


What's the child's name? Asha Degree. What's her full name? Aisha Quila degree. And can you spell that for me please? A-S-H-A-J-A-Q-U-A-I-L-J-A What? J-A-Q-U-I mean? Yeah, yeah. J-A-Q-U-A-I-L-L-A Degree. Yeah. Yeah. How old is she? Nine. White or black? Black. When did you last see her? Harold? Last time I went to bed she was in bed. We got up this morning, called her to get up to school and she wasn't there and her book bag's missing and her pocketbook.


So you don't know if she got dressed or if she still got on her bed closed or what? We Don't know. Was the door open or anything? No, her brother sleeps in there with her and when he, when he was in there he didn't hear her when she got up. Okay. Alright Harold, I will get an officer to get in touch with you just as soon as possible. If you do happen to locate her, please call us back and let us know, Okay? Okay, Thank you. Bye-bye. The Cleveland County Sheriff's Office responds to that call by six 40 in the morning and right away they're using scent dogs and sending out more deputies to look for Asia by 7:00 AM the degrees, friends and neighbors are all awake and they learn what's going on and initially investigators look for signs of forced entry at the family's house.


You know like anything that might indicate an intruder came in, but there's just none of that. In fact, based on what Harold told the dispatcher, which was that some of Asia's things like her backpack and pocketbook and like shoes and stuff were missing, they're also considering whether there's a possibility she could have just walked away on her own. Right? Yeah, I remember that theory cropping up early on, like did she just decide to leave her life? But I don't think that lasted very long because I think it became pretty clear, at least from information her parents told authorities that Aisha just like she wasn't the kind of girl to venture off like that on her own. And She's nine, she's like still little too. Yeah. And she like reportedly was very timid, shy, super afraid of the dark and stuff. So, and not to mention she had by all accounts a really good home life.


Exactly. But for some reason and a reason, no one could really explain her stuff is gone. Oh, and I might've forgotten to mention this, but all of the doors to the Degree's house were reported to have been locked when everyone woke up. And interestingly Aisha did have her own spare key in her book bag. So I think maybe that kind of also made people assume that she might have left on her own and then took her stuff, used her key to lock up otherwise why was everything like locked up like That? Right? Yeah, I remember the key thing and I don't think anyone disputes that she physically left on her own, but I think the big question is why, and I know there was some coverage that said she'd fouled out of a basketball game the Saturday night before she vanished, but like that's hardly a reason to just like take off.


I mean I know that you're nine years old but no I, you know, yeah I think that's always been a bit of a stretch, like of an assumption at least in my mind. And it's never been definitively stated as the reason she left. To your point, she had a good home life as far as we know. So I think that people were just like looking for anything and that's like the biggest wrong thing in the world of a 9-year-old. Anyway, fast forward a little bit and the next big thing that comes up to investigators is that a motorist was apparently driving along Highway 18, which is this two lane road near the family's house. And this motorist tells authorities that they saw a young girl who matches Asia's description walking along that roadway sometime between three 30 in the morning and four o'clock in the morning.


Now where she is seen is like a mile from her front door and she's headed into the town of Shelby. But at the time it was like raining and storming, which I think is important. And other than the fact that this motorist saw her, it doesn't seem like they were able to gather anything else and potentially because of the rain and the storm, the only really big detail is that when Aha is reportedly seen by this person, she is not in her nightgown that she'd been wearing when her mom put her to bed the night before. Now she's actually said to have been wearing this long sleeve white shirt and pants. So she's like dressed in her normal like day clothes. Now there's another sighting of her by a truck driver who said that he made a U-turn to try and see if she needed help.


But for some reason when he got closer to her and asked her if she was okay, she just like ran off into the tree line and that was the last reported sighting of Asia ever that we knew about at the time. But then like two days later though, don't the cops find some of her stuff? Right? So that happens on February 17th. Authorities who were still searching for her like high and low all over the area at this point they're like searching a rural property off Highway 18 and they end up talking to this lady there who tells them that on February 15th. So that would've been the day after Asia vanished, this woman found a random Mickey Mouse hair bow, a green marker and a pencil inside of a shed.


And the items were just kind of like tossed right on the ground near the doorway of this shed. And when law enforcement, which at this point by the way includes the FBI, the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation, when they come in and they do their own search of this shed, they find a bunch of candy wrappers that match some of the candy that Aisha had gotten for Valentine's Day weekend before she vanished. But this doesn't lead them to a Asia and they don't get another lead for more than a year after that. It's not until early August of 2001 that a contractor digging an access road for a new house about 50 yards away from Highway 18 near this place called Burke County, which is more than 25 miles from the degrees home.


This guy finds a black trash bag buried in the land that he's working at Buried, buried. And then when he takes that out inside that black trash bag is another black trash bag. And then inside of that bag is a kid's book bag with ASHA's name and phone number written on it. And I don't know if I'm remembering this correctly, you might know Delia, but I at the time feel like I remember me and Brit talking about how he like sees this buried thing again in trash bag and trash bag. Yeah. And he like doesn't do anything. He ends up like telling his partner or wife or whoever at Home. Yeah, yeah. Like so his partner at the time was like, wait a minute, that's a big red flag. Like you need to call the sheriff's office. Yeah. Because they knew about Aisha's case and they knew like what was going on.


There was this little girl missing even If there wasn't like a little girl missing like a kid's book bag buried in a bag in a bag like Yeah, very strange. Why does it take the wife to like make a call? Yeah, but that's again we said that day one the story for another day. So eventually the sheriff's office gets their hands on this evidence. They do call the police and they do search the property themselves but they actually don't find much of anything else related to the case. But when they look inside the book bag that has Aisha's name on it, they find a Dr. Seuss book from her elementary school library and a new kids on the block concert t-shirt. But the thing is they don't really say much about those items at the time. They don't say if they were hers. In fact, if I remember correctly, I don't even think they tell people right away.


No what was in it. I think that comes out like to the public years later. Yeah it Does. But They did send the book bag and its contents off to the FBI's lab for forensic analysis and by 2003 some kind of results had come back but the sheriff's office didn't release those publicly and clearly whatever it was that they got wasn't enough to solve this case because it just languishes after that for another year and another and then the 10 year anniversary comes and goes. Then the 15th there's even a large reward that they end up offering but there are just no new leads. Yeah and I think the reward actually got up to like $45,000 but like nothing.


And it really isn't until 2016 because that's when the whole like I think the green car thing comes out, right? 20 car, yes. This becomes super important. So in May of 2016 the FBI released that they believed a girl matching aisha's description got into a dark green vehicle and I see like in later reporting like pulled in or like more of a forcible Action like placed in by someone. Yeah They say that that was seen on the morning she vanished and actually they specifically say that the car could be either an early seventies Lincoln Mark IV or a Ford Thunderbird with like rust around the wheel wells. Very Distinct. Yes, very distinct. So we actually have photos of each car and as you can see they're super similar.


Yeah, They're both, I would say kind of I would describe 'em as like a two-door boat-like sedan and they do look very similar. Yeah, right. So it's the FBI's information about the car sighting that really grabs everyone's attention because it comes so long after Asia disappeared again, there was like nothing in all of those years. It's almost like the thing I wanna know is like where did this come from? Did you have it all along and why wouldn't you have released it sooner? Or if someone knew it was coming forward, why wasn't that part of the story? Yeah, It's clearly something the sheriff's office and the FBI discovered at some point in their investigation, right? Like something led them to blast that out to the community about this car and the sighting and everything, right?


And though that happened in 2016, like we didn't know why or what it meant or if it led to anything. But now in 2025 that green car is more important than ever.


Growing up Melissa had what looked like the perfect life loving family, great friends, until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. Paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth, Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy face. We got the chance to watch the first couple episodes of Happy Face early and I was absolutely on the edge of my seat. You all have to check it out too. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount plus


T-Mobile Home internet is all about speed value. What doing Zach? I'm pursing. There are so many benefits. You gotta talk fast. T-Mobile home internet ranks number one in customer satisfaction for home wireless internet by JD Power. Wow you are good. Try singing it. T-Mobile has price lock. They won't raise your rate on internet Hulu and Paramount Plus on there on them. Get T-Mobile home Internet all in for just 55 bucks a month with autopay and any postpaid voice line Additional turns apply for JD Power 20 award information visit gd power com awards.


Okay, so after they released the car information, like I said, radio silent, four years, just nothing. And then in early September, 2024 everything changes Literally five months ago. So news agencies in North Carolina and I, I'm really tied in with a lot of journalists still in North Carolina and they have been following Asia's case. They notice that the Cleveland County Sheriff's Office, the FBI, the N-C-S-B-I have like descended on some properties and they are up to something in Shelby. There's a noticeable flurry of activity on these properties in Cleveland County and also in a nearby county called Lincoln County. And one of the biggest things that emerges is that an older model green vehicle is seen being towed from one of those locations.


And I actually dug up a clip from WBTV of this car. So I want everyone to take a look and Ashley you can see it too. Oh yeah, this looks super similar to those other two green cards that the FBI released back in 2016. Which it makes total sense because like everything, like according to the search warrants, everything that the law enforcement agencies were up to in September, like this has to 100% be connected to Asia's case. So if you would like I had you go get the, it was so funny that I got also have to behind the scenes here, I tasked you, I was like you got to get these search warrants and you're like they you have to be like in the court system or they mail 'em to you. And I was like girl, It's so annoying You gotta have a friend. You're like, oh yeah, I'll Just call.


I have friends Phone a friend, I have friends For sure. So What'd you find? So according to the warrants, authorities visited and searched structures and land on a few properties in close proximity to one another in Cleveland County. Like so they were on like similar parcels or whatever. They also went to a property in Mecklenburg County, which is closer to Charlotte. So more in the Charlotte area. All of the properties in Cleveland County were owned by a couple named Roy and Connie Deadman. Roy and Connie have three daughters, Lizzie, Sarah and Anna Lee. The daughters are all adults now. But back in February, 2000 when Aisha disappeared, they were teenagers. So Lizzie's the oldest, she was 16, Sarah was 15 and Anna Lee was 13.


And the property in Charlotte that was searched in 2024 was actually associated with the youngest Anna Lee and the warrant state that investigators were looking for like physical evidence specifically related to Asia's disappearance. And this included a lot of things like photos, kids' clothing, they seized the dead men's electronic devices like notebooks, business records, their cell phones, some of the daughters like personal journals, a rifle. And they were also allowed to take any and all records for a man named Russell Bradley Underhill who was a tenant at one of the family's homes in 2000. So the reason that any of these folks came on investigator's radar in 2024 was because they found with modern DNA testing the presence of Russell's DNA and a hair that was an identical genetic match to the dead men's youngest daughter Anna Lee.


And that was on Aisha's shirt and from the trash bag that her book bag was found in. So that's probably all the stuff that they found in 2016 that they, like we sent off to FBI, we found something And didn't you test like but couldn't Do anything with it probably. Right. And I looked at these two and it seems like the dead men's had zero connection to Asia's family, right? Like as far as nobody's reported that They did not know one another that I didn't go to the same church or anything, that kind of thing. So the important thing being like there would be no reason for their daughter's DNA or hair or their tenant's DNA to be anywhere near her on her stuff unless they had some kind of interaction with her. Yeah, Exactly. And at least according to the search warrants we have, that's like the case, right?


Like so what's super interesting is that in February, 2000, Roy and Connie's friend, this like Russell Underhill guy, he was having health issues and being cared for by a place called Cleveland Healthcare. And as a part of his care, which like Roy was in charge of because like he and his wife actually like owned another facility called Northbrook Rest Home, Roy would sometimes send his eldest daughter Lizzie to transport patients like okay from that facility to like an area hospital called Broughton Hospital. So, which is So weird to me because we don't, again, we don't have any context for how they know him and they do seem like yeah, very intricately tied into his healthcare. Yeah and like, like he's a tenant always, always his like emergency contact.


Like they're like clearly very close. Yeah they're, they're helping this man with his health now in 2000, the dead men's house was about six minutes away from where Aha was last seen walking on highway 18 by those witnesses. And that road is what investigators say is like the most logical route for Lizzie Roy's oldest daughter to have taken if she was making like one of those hospital runs for her dad. Oh okay. And the search warrants also clarified that the vehicle she used for those trips was unreliable. So what's like the implication there? It being unreliable. So I think it's just saying like it's an older car, right? Oh like an older, it's not a brand new car in 2000 be an older green car, right?


Yeah. Okay. So the search warrants go on to explain that Roy Deadman has 29 different vehicles like registered in his name and three of those are green. Now when authorities interviewed Sarah, the middle daughter in September, 2024, she told them that back when she was a teenager she drove a dark green a MC rambler that her dad had given to her in 1999. And the search warrants actually include a photo of that exact car. Okay. Which everyone can see. It's a black and white photo. So it's hard to kind of tell there's like no color which kind of sucks. But it's actually pretty similar looking to the two car images that the FBI released in 2016, you know the Lincoln and the Thunderbird or whatever that they believe Asia was seen being put into or pulled into.


And if you look kind of closely, it even has like some front end damage that's pretty noticeable. I just saw that And I, I think it's like important to go into this car in a little bit more detail like just for a second. So this is a 1960 4:00 AM C Rambler. So pretty old like which is what we keep coming back to and according to the search warrants it was registered to Roy at an address that was searched by investigators. Now when it is seized by law enforcement, it is parked next to a house that Roy is renting to a tenant at the time, and this was the part that I thought was so weird, I don't know that's connected to the car but more just like broader strangeness of whatever was going on in this property that they got the car from.


So the home used to be occupied by his daughter Sarah, Sarah's the middle daughter, but she had since moved and the guy who lives there tells investigators that in the five years or so that he has been renting from Roy, he says there are these three rooms in the house that are all padlocked and he's been told not to go in them. Which like w what? Yeah I would be like, now I wanna go in them more I know like than anything now that I'm renting from you. Did you also like see that part about the hole? Yes. Tell Them about the hole. So around the same time that authorities like also like speaking like with this tenant or whatever, they speak with a woman named Laura Deadman who I think is related to Roy.


I mean obviously they have the same last Name, last name. Yeah. She tells them that several years before this she saw Roy digging a hole at that property that was not just like a small hole for like a fence post or something. This hole was chest deep And that this is after what year? After 2000? No this is after like 20 16 20 like this is like fairly recently up until 2024. So like just a couple years before 2024. Oh whoa. Okay, so you guys are caught up in the car that happens in September, 2024. So there was a flurry of information at the end of 2024 where Aisha's case was, you guys were DMing us about it. We were like kind of holding to do an update 'cause we thought something bigger was gonna happen. It took a minute, we weren't wrong.


So that search wraps up and authorities obviously have the rambler in their possession. They also have fresh samples of Roy Connie and Anna Lee's DNA. It's also at this point that investigators come right out and say that they no longer think Aisha is just a missing person. They now actually believe that she was a victim of a homicide and that her body has been concealed this whole time. But nowhere on any of the Deadman properties did investigators find a body or human remains nothing skeletal. Like all these searches took place over the course of two days and nothing definitively connected to Asia.


Like there were, as far as I know, no more clothing or personal belongings, nothing surfaced. Yeah. And I think like right after this, an attorney representing Roy and his family, he like makes some public statements about how like that's a really important point. You know he's like hey this family has been named as suspects but they they deny any and all right involvement in what happened to Asia degree, Right? According to coverage by WBTV, the family's attorney, this guy named David Teddy, he holds this press conference and he asks the community not to spread rumors, not to jump to any conclusions about Roy or Connie or their daughters. He states that the Deon family denies any involvement in the case and also kind of alludes to Russell Underhill perhaps being the link between the dead mens, their properties and whatever happened to Asia.


Which is like awfully convenient because according to the search warrants and additional news coverage, Russell died long ago all the way back in 2004. So it's not like he's around anymore to say anything or defend himself. Right? Like it's kinda one of those things like are we really gonna blame like the dead guy who died just a couple years after she disappeared who like can no longer be questioned or investigated. Yeah. The same guy by the way who, yeah the dead mens were clearly like very involved with in seemingly like his healthcare, he was in a healthcare facility and they're transporting him. Yeah and I mean I know why this attorney said what he did to reporters but it still feels like, I don't know, just like a little too convenient for me still. Yeah.


Anyway. Where things get even more interesting. So this is why we're doing this now on February 13th of this year. So you know, weeks ago, barely a week ago, that's when the Cleveland County Sheriff's Office executes three more search warrants for the Deadman family, specifically to investigate them for felony obstruction of justice. And it is these documents that I was like, you know, the 2024 search warrants were great but like these were the ones we had to get our hands on if we were gonna do this update episode. Because what these warrants reveal are emails, text messages, cloud data and phone calls between Roy, his daughters, and one of their ex-husbands.


And some of these communications are head turning to say the very least. Yeah, I think that's like just one way of describing it.


Growing up Melissa had what looked like the perfect life loving family, great friends, until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. Paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth, Anna Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. We got the chance to watch the first couple episodes of Happy Face early and I was absolutely on the edge of my seat. You all have to check it out too. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


Tired of the midday crash that comes with drinking regular coffee rise Mushroom Coffee gives you the energy and focus you need without the jitters or crash rise Mushroom Coffee is a unique blend of six functional mushrooms crafted to fuel your body and mind all day long. It delivers steady energy without the jitters or the crashes, helps with sharper focus and mental clarity and supports healthy digestion. It even boosts immune support to help you feel your best every day. And with over 200,005 star reviews, people are loving it. I started using Rise because I was trying to cut out energy drinks. I definitely need the morning boost because right now I am juggling a tour schedule and a CEO schedule, which means I have to wake up at 5:00 AM and your girl is tired. I love a natural energy solution like Rise, try rise mushroom coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash Crime Junkie. That's RYZ Super foods.com/ Crime Junkie. Don't just wake up awaken with Rise.


So like looking through the warrants, 'cause I like went through all of them page by page and they are specifically for the contents of three Apple iPhones. One that belongs to Lizzie, another that belongs to Roy, and another that belongs to Sarah. Right. And just to remind, so for our listeners, Lizzie is Roy's oldest daughter, Sarah is the middle. Anna Lee would've been the youngest. So according to the search warrants when authorities executed those searches in September at the family members' homes and properties, Lizzie spent a lot of time on her phone while all of that was going on. Her sisters Sarah and Anna Lee called her, then Roy called her and then Lizzie called Roy. And so the search warrants contained pages and pages of texts.


But Delia, you pulled some of the messages that seemed to really stand out to investigators. Like I think we need to kind of go through these 'cause this is like yeah, I think the crux of everything. Yeah I did. And so like there's a couple exchanges, but there is a text exchange between Anna Lee and Lizzie on September 10th, 2024 where Anna Lee says, I'm so sorry, I just said all that I am just in complete shock. And then later that same day Sarah texted Lizzie, they think it's our shirt, it's not her shirt. Her mom said it wasn't hers. I don't remember that shirt. I'm scared though. Dad is probably going to be a huge suspect And I assume they mean that band t-shirt that they found in her backpack.


They don't say That. Yes. That's what I have to assume they're referring to because that's all we kind of know at this point. So the next day, September 11th, 2024, Lizzie's ex-husband texted her that he was sorry, like her family was going through this situation. And then a few hours after that Anna Lee texted Lizzie youngest texting oldest. Yeah Lizzie, you don't need to be talking to anyone. I'm at the lawyer's office now. They advise we should all not talk to them without representation. Now Lizzie then texted her ex-husband, this is going to get nothing but worse. I'm talking to my doctor at five to get something for my nerves. I'm just so worried, so, so worried.


I mean it's a nightmare that's going to keep getting worse. I can see nothing good happening anytime soon and I'm an optimist. They're so weird. And it's Wild like when you read texts like you know, I think we should all keep the caveat of like, yes, they're texts, they're just words on a page, but at the same time like it is like it's Clear what they're talking about. Yeah, it's clear what they're talking about. Yeah. And I, it's the next few messages that I think are the most interesting and they come the day after the ones that you were just reading. They come from Sarah, the middle child to Lizzie's the oldest. Sarah says, I just talked to David Teddy who is the family lawyer. I just talked to David Teddy. The theory is I did it accident, covered it up and Lizzie later texts her ex-husband again and says, I feel so horrible, so, so horrible.


I don't know what to do. I caused this. Yeah. Like on their face, these messages, they don't sound or look great. Yeah. And keep in mind like between a lot of these texts, there are phone calls back and forth between Sarah Lizzie, Lizzie's ex-husband, Anna Lee Roy, like they're all playing phone tag. And after all of this it seems like everyone clams up and they aren't talking to investigators anymore. So after September 28th, there's another string of messages between Sarah and Lizzie and it starts with Lizzie saying, I'm just so anxious about like what's going on behind the scenes. Like what are they doing now? What's going to happen to me since I wouldn't talk to them, to which Sarah replies, I know girl, I am a disaster.


I think if they come at you again, you just go and be compliant. That's what I'm planning on doing. And then Lizzie writes back, I think so too, honestly. I mean I wanna do what Dad says, but damn to which Sarah replies with, and maybe we should have let you do what you originally wanted to do. But we don't know what that is. Now on February 10th, authorities ask Lizzie to take a polygraph, which she does, but according to what investigators put in their search warrants, the results of that test show signs of deception. And that same day investigators also visit Sarah and ask her for another interview. But this time she declines.


So at this point it's really Roy, Sarah and Lizzie that law enforcement feels pretty sure have obstructed or at least at a minimum interfered with the investigation into Asia's disappearance and likely death. Like reading between the lines a little based off of some of the FBI and other law enforcement officials, like previous statements. To me it's feeling more and more like maybe what happened to Asia was some sort of accident. Maybe it was a hit and run. But it seems like then they're thinking it was allegedly covered up by Roy or Connie. Possibly also the daughter's question mark. Yeah, like that's what I was gonna say too. It definitely feels like to me that maybe something tragic happened back in 2000, but then like everything that's gone on since then is just very suspicious.


I know. And the thing, I don't know, I wish I knew more about that sighting that someone has of like her going into the green car. Was she going fighting? Was she conscious? Did it seem like she was unconscious? Do they know? And I also wonder this theory of an accident doesn't explain why she was on that road to begin with, which I cannot get over. Yeah, I think it's like that question of again, why did she leave her house if she left willingly, like was she lured like, I don't know, there's so many questions about her exiting her home, like her safe place. Right, right. And going on this road, the only thing that that comes to mind for me is that we know Highway 18 was going towards Shelby, it was in the direction of her school.


She took the bus on that Road. She Had her book bag. Yeah. Like she had her book bag, the book that's in her bag, the Dr. Seuss book is actually a library book from her school. So you know that's in the bag. It's like, is she going just like her on her own little like adventure to have her own time and then it's gonna be back before they have to go to school. Like there's just so many question marks around that. For sure. Yeah. I haven't seen anything put forward that she was like meeting up with someone or again, we've got no connection between her and this family. So if they're involved in some way, an accident seems to be what like police are posing or at least in the text messages what they think police are posing based on what their lawyer is saying. And I think that's why too, they are trying so hard to connect the the routes between these families, homes, the healthcare facilities.


Like that's a really critical thing for law enforcement is figuring out like could they have been on that road when, why all those sorts of things Did an accident happen? Yeah. And the other big bombshell from these search warrants, it wasn't just the text messages, there is someone who has a story that kind of corroborates like this idea that it could be an accident and that these sisters were involved. So this testimony is from a local guy named Thad Melanine who authorities interviewed on September 18th, 2024. And it's only in the most recent search warrant though that we were made aware of this interview. So we didn't have them in the September ones, we just got them in February.


But according to the documents, Thad tells the sheriff's office that in the mid two thousands, he was in his twenties at the time and hung out with the Deadman sisters at bars and like house parties like on a pretty regular basis. And at one particular house party after Asia degree vanished, he saw Lizzie the oldest sobbing like bawling her eyes out while seemingly pretty drunk. And she's crying and he hears her make several statements admitting to killing Aisha. But when Sarah, her sister overhears, her sister say this, she immediately like grabs Lizzie's head and tells her to quote, shut the fuck up. Now that reaction from Sarah kind of caught Thad off guard because he always knew Sarah to be very calm.


A very nice person. So the story is wild. I don't know why we're learning the story like where was Thad? I know in 2000 And to make sure he wasn't lying, investigators had him take a polygraph and he passed with flying colors. No, I know though. I Ashley, I know. I feel like you're not Crime Junkie never take a polygraph. It's always like me on polygraph test. But like to me though, it seems like somewhat notable that they were like, let's double down on this. Let's like make sure he, you know, passes this test right? To make sure he is not just like making this up and like trying to draw attention to himself. Totally. I don't think that a polygraph is the end all be all, but like if the dude's not lying, the story he told is worth looking into. And with everything else we're finding like it's making a lot of sense. Agreed. Yeah.


So as of this recording, no formal arrests have been made in the case and no human remains have been found. But like I feel like I've said this many times before, this case seems to just keep evolving every day. New updates and maybe even possible arrests could come literally any second now even by the time this episode gets out. And that is a good thing because Asia's family has waited 25 agonizing years to learn what really happened to her Earlier this month. They told WBTV and reporter Ken Lemon that like, they're always going to hold on to hope that like their baby girl will come home to them one day. And Aisha's mom, Aquila told the news agency quote, I believe she's still alive.


And until somebody can prove me wrong, I'm still going to believe that because I have hope. End quote. So if you guys have any information about the disappearance of Asia degree or the individuals that we've discussed in this episode, please call the Cleveland County Sheriff's Office at (704) 484-4788. Or you can call the FBI's Charlotte office at 7 0 4 6 7 2 6 1 0 0.


You can find all of our source material for this episode on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. Don't forget to follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie podcast and I'll be back next week with a brand new episode.


Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve?


Hey, crime junkies, if you have a couple of extra minutes, I wanna tell you about this new series on Paramount plus called Happy Face. Happy Face is a unique perspective on the notorious happy face killer through the eyes of his daughter Melissa Reed. Melissa was 15 when she discovered her father's secret, despite trying to put the past behind her. Melissa's life is upended again when her father tries to reenter her life after decades of silence. I want you to listen to the trailer now and see what you think. Growing up, Melissa had a normal life, normal family, normal friends, until one day everything changed. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you, Missy. Don't call me that. He said he killed another woman. When I confessed in 95, I held one back. What's this victim's name? It can't be that easy Experience, the thrilling new series. There's a family out there still wondering what happened to their daughter. Inspired by a true life story. He wasn't always a monster. He became one about family. The stories we tell ourselves and what it takes to uncover the truth. If I don't deal with him, people will never leave us alone. You think you're so different. You don't see how that we're saying to you. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Queen Star. I am not responsible for what my dad did. This going how you hoped. This eight part series explores the complicated relationship between a daughter and the monster she once loved, inspired by a true life story. Happy Face follows Melissa as she grapples with the dark legacy of her father starring Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid. Happy Face is now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com to get started.


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.