
Hi Crime junkies. It's Ashley. Six years ago when we did our very first Crime Junkie tour, we told a story about a young girl who was murdered. Well, within that story, the killer had Googled Dana Ireland autopsy photos. That small piece of the larger story set me on a years long spiral, picking apart the murder of a young woman on Christmas Eve. Three men were convicted of her murder, but it was clear that the real killer had never been identified. But how that happened is a wild story, one that we are telling you in the new season of three, hosted by Amanda Knox.


Hear the full story in season two of three. You can listen to three now wherever you get your podcasts


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X card is perfect for you. Earn unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com for details.


Whether you're traveling, advancing your career, or just love learning. Speaking, a new language can create incredible opportunities. Rosetta Stone makes it easier and more immersive than ever and I love that the lessons are in an app because let's be real. The only time I get alone now that I have a kid is in the car to and from work or running errands. Crime Junkie listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's a lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit rosetta stone.com/ Crime Junkie to get started.


This episode is brought to you by Samsung Galaxy S 25 ultra. The all new S 25 Ultra is integrated with incredible AI features. It's a true AI companion capable of handling multiple tasks with just one ask. You can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to your friends or search for recipes and add them to your notes. Plus now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings like your appointments, the weather, and your energy score. It's basically the rundown I used to get from my assistant every morning. And don't worry, AI will never put her out of a job. She is amazing. But the now brief with Galaxy AI makes it easy to plan and organize everything from where we're going to lunch to debrief and interview on a reporting trip to travel plans for the tour. You can even use it to help plan your trip to see the Crime Junkie Life rule number 10 tour. Get your Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Seamless actions across apps is compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


Hi Crime Junkies, I'm your host Ashley Flowers. And I'm Brit. And this is part two of our look into Reese Spokane's story. So if you haven't heard the first part, please go back and listen because we're picking up right where we left off when our reporter Emily realizes that this case goes way beyond Reese and she discovers a disturbing pattern of Dismemberments turning up all around Wisconsin. This episode will focus on two of those other victims and everything that we could find out about their cases from loved ones detectives, tribal chiefs, coroners and police reports. This is the story of Ray Tolo and Julia Baez is By searching through newspaper archives and public records databases.


Our reporter Emily, started finding more dismemberment victims in Wisconsin in the years surrounding Reese's murder, at least 12 people, 11 of them women were found whose heads or hands had been cut off during or after their murders. Now a handful of these women are still unidentified and most of the cases have never been solved all in different jurisdictions for the most part. Yes, which we are thinking is maybe why no one has kind of looked at this holistically before and like when you see this, we haven't come across something like this. Like who are you supposed to tell? I mean like we have the most badass group of women here at Audio Check doing the absolute Lord's work.


But like try calling up the FBI and saying that you have a podcast and there might be a serial killer, right? Honestly it's gonna be a little easier because Crime Junkie actually is pretty well known now we have a lot of law enforcement fans like thanks guys. But other podcasts have made fools of themselves by calling the FBI and they end up becoming the butt of like internet jokes. So Emily tried reaching out to various FBI field offices in Wisconsin, but like only ever got connected with A PIO who then never even returned a call or an email. But undeterred she you know, compiles everything that she's found into a document that she sends off to Detective Hatch who trusts her and in turn he sends it to the FBI field office in Milwaukee.


And here is what was in that document. Our list begins in 1982 when the partial remains of a Jane Doe are found in Caledonia, which is in southeast Wisconsin. According to the DOE project, they're still trying to identify her, but the woman was likely between 45 and 60 years old and had given birth at some point in her life. Then in March of 1983 in Racine, which by the way is just 11 miles from Caledonia, a woman's arms, hands and legs are found buried in a backyard. She's identified as 51-year-old Helen Sebastian. I have truly become obsessed with Helen's case and I hope to bring you a whole episode on her one of these days, but today's not that day.


So seven months after that, in October of 1983, dismembered partial remains of a man are found in Petrifying Springs Park in Kenosha County, Amir, 15 minutes south of where Helen's dismembered body was found. This person is identified as 18-year-old Eric Hansen. He's our only male victim. Now in May, 1984 in Vernon County, which is western Wisconsin, a woman is found lying on the side of a gravel road a few miles outside of the town of Westby with her hands cut off and major trauma to her head. She has still never been identified, but she was likely in her sixties and wore dentures. That's what they know about her and her hands have still never been found.


30 minutes west of there. In February, 1985, 24-year-old Terry Dway is found decapitated and on fire in a rural part of Vernon County. Now Terry's case was unsolved but there actually was a break in the case in the fall of 2024 when charges were brought against a man named Michael Pop. Now he pleaded not guilty in January of this year actually. So like developments in her case are actively underway, unclear if pop is a suspect in any other cases. If this is like the outlier on all of this, I don't know, it's still actively unfolding. Then in spring of 1987, indigenous woman Ray Tolos dismembered body is found on the Menominee reservation in northern Wisconsin.


Then in the summer of 1989, we know Reese vanishes from Milwaukee and then her remains are found in Sheboygan County and then the Vernon Marsh area in Waukesha County. The next comes on Thanksgiving Day, 1990. That's when the clothes and skeletal remains of a Jane Doe are found by Dear Hunters in Price County. Through dental records, they're identified as belonging to Susan ppar, who is an indigenous woman who vanished from a reservation in northern Wisconsin six months prior to being found. Now Susie's story has a lot of twists and turns. Our reporters became really interested in it while researching these cases. So that's the one I'm actually gonna be covering on the deck, which again is the other weekly podcast I host.


So just keep an eye out for that one as well. Also, in the fall of 1990, a Jane doe's dismembered remains are found, buried in a number of plastic bags near Black River Falls, Wisconsin. Her torso is buried in one bag. Her limbs are buried in a separate bag. Her head is never found and this woman is later identified as Julia Baez and I'm gonna tell you about her case in this episode. But after her in 1991, a woman's body is found with severed hands at the Goose Lake Wildlife Preserve in Dane County, Wisconsin. Her hands had been cut off and are later found in Walworth County. She's laid to rest as a Jane Doe, but later identified as Doris McLeod.


A man convicted of sex trafficking has long been suspected in the teenager's murder. Then in October, 2002, boy Scouts find the skull and lower mandible of a Jane Doe in a ravine in St. Croix County, which is like far western Wisconsin. And authorities have said that they likely belong to a Native American woman between the ages of 35 and 50. And then lastly, in 2021, you heard that right? 2021. Yeah. A skull is discovered in Oneida County, Wisconsin, which is found way up north not far from Vila County. The skull is missing a lower jawbone. And last I heard investigators are working with anthropologists to determine who it could have belonged to.


But a source told us that they thought that this person could have been Native American. And here's the wild part. So that is our list that we're working with. One of the women on that list, the one I said I'm gonna be covering Ray Tot a lot, she's Reese Spokane's cousin. What? Yeah, the connections are too bizarre to ignore. There really should have been a statewide task force or something, but because the cases were mostly in separate counties, no one was connecting the dots until now. So I need to step back from Reese's story and tell you about two of the other cases that we're gonna dive into starting with Reese's cousin Ray Tolo.


So if you Google Ray, the first thing that pops up is this beautiful portrait of her when she was a Menominee tribal princess. From the people we spoke to, it sounded like Ray was super involved on the reservation and the reservation is the last place she was ever seen. On October 14th, 1986, that's when Ray who was 18 at the time, went to a small house party. At the time the Green Bay Press Gazette reported that there were six other people at that party, all of whom Ray was friends with. So the story goes like this,


There are so many reasons to get or stay strong. Whatever motivates you, reach your fitness goals in a special judgment-free environment. Planet Fitness. At Planet Fitness you'll find best in class equipment for a full body workout. From strength training to cardio to stretching, there are weights, cable towers, machines, upper and lower body machines, treadmills and STA climbers and don't miss out on plate loaded machines like squats and supine benches too. Most Planet Fitness locations are open 24 hours so you can work out whenever it fits your schedule. Plus all members have access to free fitness training and memberships start at just $15 per month. Join today at any convenient location near you online@planetfitness.com or on the Free Planet Fitness app. Ours amenities and offers may vary by club. Must be 18 years old to enroll or 13 through 17 with a parent or guardian.


T-Mobile Home internet is all about speed value. What you doing Zach? I'm Person. There are so many benefits you gotta talk fast. T-Mobile Home internet ranks number one in customer satisfaction for home wireless internet by JD Power. Wow, you are good. Try singing it. T-Mobile has prize luck. They won't raise your rate on internet Hulu and Paramount Plus on there On them. Get T-Mobile Home internet all in for just 55 bucks a month with auto pay and any postpaid voice line. Additional turns apply for JD Power 2024 award information visit GD power slash awards


Around midnight on October 14th. Ray says that she wants to leave the party and she gets a ride from one of the other party goers, but when they get to her house she doesn't wanna go inside. So they kind of just drive around the reservation for a while and then they head back to the party and then a little while later Ray leaves the party again. But no one knows exactly when she ducked out that time or if she was with anyone when she did. I'm assuming this is all happening a little while after midnight. But honestly the reports are like they're really slim, not super detailed. So she walks out and then poof, she is just gone. She never makes it home and the next day she's nowhere to be found.


She gets reported missing to the tribal police who act pretty quickly to put together search parties with canines like they question everyone at the party that night. They contact other reservations and Indian centers and they also searched the house where the party was but they didn't find anything helpful. So this search for Ray goes on for two and a half weeks but there is just no sign of her. And around this time the tribal police chief tells the Green Bay Press Gazette quote. I've kind of given up a little bit but I'll be out there looking again later on. Well That's not exactly what you wanna hear from an investigator. No, but like to his credit, I mean he actually contacts the FBI for assistance in the search, but they basically tell him that they can't conduct a full scale investigation without evidence of a crime.


They say there is quote nothing to indicate to us that foul play was involved or that there was a federal problem, which is like a frustrating response to me, especially considering like it is tribal land and that is FBI jurisdiction. Right. So at one point detectives put a call out in the papers asking anyone who might have given Ray a ride during the early morning hours of October 15th to call them. No one does. Which to me makes that alleged ride that she got all the more suspicious. And for me I always like can't quite wrap my head around the statement, there's no evidence of foul play because there isn't evidence of not not foul play. Like what does that mean?


It's kinda your job to find the evidence. Exactly. And it's usually the families right, who are shouting that from the rooftops. And that's how it was for Ray's family. Ray's mom, Josephine tells the local papers that Ray had gone off on her own before, but it was usually for like three or four days and they always knew where she was. Josephine says that Ray didn't seem unhappy or distressed before the party and apparently she had planned to be in a friend's wedding several days after she went missing. Plus right before Ray went missing, she had just become a mom. Her newborn daughter, Elise was not even two months old. And listen, I know new Momming is like the hardest thing in the world, I cannot imagine doing it at 18, but everyone who knew Ray felt it in their bones, she wouldn't have left her daughter.


But as for detectives with no leads, they're like really scraping the barrel. They even connect with a Native American psychic from Chicago who apparently tells them that Ray is either dead or in serious trouble. And the psychic actually describes an area where Ray's body might be, which detectives promptly search to know avail. It's Always so wild to me that psychics were just like regularly involved in investigations back then. Yeah And and like and why they like write 'em off so much now. Yeah like and it actually, in particular this psychic, their name's Robin Furman and she used her clairvoyant abilities to help with a number of police investigations in Wisconsin and other states. She claimed that she could get impressions basically of missing people and I'm not sure if it's because of Robin or because of something else that I don't know about.


But around this time investigators changed their tune finally to say that they do believe that Ray may be dead. But when asked whether or not foul play is involved in the case, they say, and I'm quoting here yes and no and before you ask like I have no idea what they meant by that. Investigators never really explain that cryptic answer. But they do tell reporters that they have several suspects, including the men who like Ray allegedly got a ride with like from the party, like to her house and then back wait Detectives know who they are. So They do, but no names are ever released to the public. In fact, I've never seen names in criminal cases.


So closely guarded the chief of the tribal police chief Keith Tor Delott wouldn't even tell us their names. Off the record. Mm. Quick question, is Tor Delott a common name there Or no? So here's the thing. So the chief is actually Ray's cousin. Would that also make him cousins with Reese? Yep. I think they were like first cousins once removed. So like this case is personal for him. Yeah, I would say anyway they believe they know who gave Ray a ride Again that first time we're not talking about like we don't know of anyone who like after the second time she left from the party back to the party, right. But they clearly don't have proof of anything because months go by without any arrests or new information.


It's just like this flood of rumors. But those rumors must hold a little truth to them or just the sheer amount of time that goes by with no word from Ray finally holds more weight. 'cause four months in investigators officially announced that Ray todo lot's case has become a murder probe and that they're calling in the FBI. Now again, investigators won't say why they believe Ray was murdered. They say they have a suspect in mind but just not enough evidence for an arrest. Again, names of the suspect or suspects never released. And then in April of 19 87, 2 months later, detectives are finally able to prove their assumption Ray was murdered.


The announcement comes after a hunter stumbles across a bra strap while he's out walking in a remote area of the Menominee Indian reservation, which leads him then to a headless female body. Pretty much every article at the time about the discovery mentions Ray in some way. So she's definitely on investigator's minds, but they don't wanna say anything without proof. It's three days later when Josephine is able to identify the body as belonging to her daughter based on her clothing. And then a scientific identification comes through DNA testing. But that doesn't happen for 10 years. But at the time detectives trust Josephine's word. Now an autopsy is also done and the manner of death is ruled a homicide.


But Chief Tolat told us that for a number of reasons, mainly the state of the decomposition and the swampy area where the body was found and the missing head, the coroner wasn't able to determine a cause of death. And honestly, Brit, after this ruling, very little progress at all is made in Ray's case. And as much as we tried to dig into this case on our own, we ran into a lot of hurdles and a lot of roadblocks. For one, as Chief Tolat told us, Ray's case file is very thin, her investigation went cold almost immediately. And the work that has been done has been like extremely hush hush plus people on the reservation are hesitant to talk about it even to Elise Ray's daughter, When I was growing up, I really didn't hear a lot of stuff like that.


I would just hear like people just say like, oh you look like your mom, or Oh your mom was really nice dancer. And I mean she is. I mean they would just say that they wouldn't talk about that. I think it, it seemed like it was like that whole part was shielded from me, honestly from everybody. So it's really hard to talk about everybody on the reservation I wanna say. I think it really hit hard for everybody when that happened. I can see how much pain it is for them honestly still. Like you can still see it to this day.


Like it happened yesterday. It was a very touchy subject I guess I wanna say for everybody honestly. 'cause even like to this day where my mom was that night, I know where she was but I know who was at the house and if I ask, I asked one time, I said, I was like, can we talk about that? Can we talk about that night? And then they were, they actually just were like, no, I don't wanna talk about it. And it's weird because it's me that's saying it, that's asking them. But I think the people who are at the house, I mean those are her friends, you know what I mean?


I think they carry a certain kind of guilt about that. And I get that from, from a perspective I guess. But it's something that has bothered me a lot. I mean if you really looked at how close this house was where she was to where my grandparents live, it's literally a block away. It's crazy. Maybe because of a lack of cooperation maybe for a zillion other reasons. The investigation stalls though no excuse is an acceptable one to Elise and her family, they don't feel like investigators did enough at the time.


And she's heard that there was lost evidence in the case and she thinks that multiple agencies didn't coordinate well. It seemed to her to just be a mess. But they didn't just mess up a job the way that you or I might screw up like a spreadsheet. This is her mom's literal life, right? And you only get one shot at the early days of an investigation and now that's lost investigators hope back then was that if they could find Ray's head maybe that would give them some physical evidence to work with. But they searched for five months without locating it. Were Her hands removed like Reese too? I don't know because not all of Ray's remains were found.


Police told us that it was only her lower half that was found and that, and again we know her head was never found. And Ray aside, is there any theory around why hands and heads were removed? I mean to prevent identification, but could there be some other reason? Yeah, we kept asking detectives that very question during our reporting and nobody could say for sure. I mean they pointed out that obviously if a killer was like a seasoned criminal, like you're saying they might do that for identification purposes. It's also possible that this is like depending on you know, who the killer was, what the relationship the motive was like just plain revenge could be another factor. We also had some sources tell us that in certain cultures it is a belief that someone can't rest in peace without being buried fully intact.


So there could be several different factors at play. But to go back to Ray's case, we spoke with Chief Toola and he said he still has suspects in Ray's case and no one has been excluded as a person of interest. Unfortunately though lots of people that he wanted to talk to have since passed away and he hoped maybe for a deathbed confession in this case, but that's never happened. He says he did do some DNA testing though On what? I don't know on what he wouldn't tell us. But I think the, what is the wrong question because that's what I was getting to. There is a question that is far more interesting to ask


Every 26 seconds. A burglary takes place in the US according to FBI data. That means by the time this podcast ends, dozens of homes will have been targeted. Protect your home before it's too late. With SimpliSafe proactive security system, SimpliSafe helps stop threats before they even have a chance to break in. SimpliSafe active guard outdoor protection uses AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents to monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. If someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents see and talk to them in real time, activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. SimpliSafe has been a constant for my family for the past nearly seven years and having that confidence that my home and family are protected 24 7 means I've lost zero sleep. Worrying about our safety. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Crime Junkie. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. My support system is truly my lifeline and I've made it a point to surround myself with people who lift me up and encourage my journey to a better, more confident human. So when I'm not feeling it, they can help me recenter and refocus. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors and idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's so easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift focus from doing it all to knowing that we are better when we ask for help. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credential therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Crime Junkie to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ Crime Junkie.


So the who they did testing with is one that I was like fascinated with because at one point Chief Tortola said that he had his DNA tested to prove that he wasn't involved like The FBI asked him for it or he did that as part of his investigation. Not clear like we tried to ask the FBI but they never got back to us. And Chief Tola said no one has been ruled out as a person of interest. Correct, but he's also been working this case since the beginning. Like he's the guy that's been heading it up from the tribal side for almost 30 years. Yeah, So I feel like the FBI would've stepped in if he was a real person of interest.


I don't know. And for all I know there isn't even DNA evidence to compare stuff to. Like that's something that they wouldn't share. It's all so muddy and complicated. And we were this close to getting an interview like with one of the detectives working on this case. Emily actually reached out to the detective who is directly assigned. He agreed to talk but then chief tort ALOT wouldn't authorize the interview. And since our coverage has been ongoing for like years now, we even went back and asked again and the detective said that he isn't allowed to do media interviews. I don't know if that's because of the shared jurisdiction with the FBI or why everyone is so hush hush on Ray's case why Chief Tor Delott doesn't want him talking.


But it seems like they don't want people asking questions or like getting the word out, which in my opinion just hurts their chances of actually receiving tips in her case. Yeah, so at a certain point in her adulthood, Elise gets to the point where she feels like she needs to take matters into her own hands, conduct her own interviews with Ray's closest friends. And honestly her primary goal isn't even to get her mom's murder solved. She wants to just learn more about her mom and keep her name alive through conversation. I mean it sucks because I don't, I don't have memories. I think we have two pictures together. I think that's all we have.


And it sucks because I don't know what she was like. I don't know. I hear a lot of stuff but I wish I got to know that myself not knowing how her voice is or I don't know what was her favorite hobbies, what did she like doing like 'cause I don't know any of that stuff. Is that stuff her family can share with her? Didn't you mention something about Ray's mom? So Yeah, Josephine and Ray had a sister too and that's who Elise lived with and she had her dad. But Elise she said she never felt like she could ask questions because anytime Ray would come up like it would just make everyone so upset.


So she really grew up with her mom being this like taboo subject in her family. And of course we know the extended family is also reckoning with the death of another Relative. And were they close? Like I know cousins can mean like very different things for different families. I Know, I know. We don't know exactly how close they were as cousins but they definitely crossed paths on the Menominee reservation where they grew up. Reese's daughter, Michelle remembers seeing Ray perform at powwows or like traditional Native American culture celebrations. She performed as a dancer and I know that Reese knew about Ray's murder because of a tip that hatch found buried in Reese's case file a tip in Reese's case file about Ray and it is chilling.


The tip is from a woman named Geraldine or Jerry, one of Reese's friends from church. And when interviewed by police in 1990, Geraldine reveals that just two months before Reese went missing, Reese confided something in her. And here is Detective Nathan Hatch. Reese had stated that she was scared and depressed and when Geraldine questioned her, Reese indicated that Reese was in danger. Reese confided in Jerry that she was afraid that she would end up like her cousin Ray tort a lot. Reese had commented something to the effect that he's going to cut off my head. He already killed my cousin.


Reese had supposedly made this individual really mad at her and he swore he was going to do this to her. He who This is gonna eat you alive. She told Jerry a name but Jerry couldn't remember the name. You gotta be kidding me. I wish she basically predicted exactly what was going to happen to her. I know it seems almost impossible that investigators never connected the two murders but they just never compared notes. In fact, we actually connected the investigators in both cases just this past year in October, 2024. And that's when they finally sat down and had their first ever meeting. Wait, I don't understand.


Reese told someone that she was afraid that she was gonna end up like her cousin, that someone was mad at her, someone was going to cut off her head. Yes, a couple months later the exact thing happens know exactly like she predicted and no one looked into It. Not until our reporting team came along. Oh I wish these different counties would just talk to each other more. I know. So they're talking to 24. But like no huge breakthroughs happened at this fall meeting. It did finally bring together tribal police, the county detectives, the feds, the state investigative agencies. They basically went down the POI list in both Ray and Reese's case to see if there were any overlaps.


Unfortunately no one knows who again, it like all comes back to like what is the name that Reese told Jerry? Like who was she afraid of? But nobody knows. I do know that what comes out of this like big meeting, everyone coming together is that investigators, detectives all left that meeting with a new to-do list full of leads that they wanted to follow up on that are still underway as of this recording of this episode. And the whole jurisdiction thing seems to be a major hurdle though, not just in Ray and Reese's cases but in most of the Wisconsin dismemberment cases that Emily and I found and I asked Detective Hatch about these two, Has there been any determination on whether any of them are connected or suspected to be Fully?


No. And I've reached out to a handful of the detectives that heard from some of those cases and got like a thumbnail of the scenario of what happened in those cases. I didn't hear anything that would lead me to believe that they are related except for one that is really interesting to me. Can you talk about the one that you think there's potential for? Yeah, there there's a woman named Julia Beez. She was I believe 36 years old, I believe she was Puerto Rican and she was a mother of four and she was ultimately abducted from Milwaukee.


And in October of 90 her dismembered body was found in plastic bags, garbage bags in a shallow grave by mushroom hunters in the village of Brockway, which is in Jackson County directly across the river from Black River Falls. So I reached out to the Sensitive Crimes unit at Milwaukee Police Department and I was able to get my hands on a report and as I put Julia's address, it was only just a few blocks from Reese and it was only a half a block from National Avenue in Reese's direct path.


Here's a familiar hair mystery. You spend all that time teasing and blow drying only for your hair to fall flat within minutes. But don't worry, this case is officially closed. Meet k eighteens astro lift reparative volume, spray your hair's secret weapon for lots of bounce and lift that lasts up to two days and there's no crunch or stickiness. So sleep soundly when you wake up, your hair will still be bouncy. Listen, K 18 haircare products are a mainstay in my haircare routine. The quality is incredible and their products just always deliver and I was raised very much the higher the hair, the closer to God and the K 18 Astro lift reparative volume spray is an answer to prayers. I love that. It helps make and keep my hair big and beautiful while still feeling soft and light. You can find K 18 Astro Lift reparative volume spray at Sephora or save 10% on your first purchase with Code Crime Junkie at k 18 hair.com. That's Code Crime Junkie at k 18 hair.com.


Have you ever had the best first date and then all of a sudden everything takes a turn for the worst? The director of Happy Death Day brings you a perfect date night thriller called Drop, which hits theater's April 11th. A woman going on her first date begins to get mysterious, unwanted, dropped messages from an unknown sender. As these drops keep coming in, they tell her to kill her date or her son dies. From the producers of Meghan and producers of a quiet place, audiences will be on the edge of their seats. Don't miss drop hitting theaters on April 11th.


So that brings us to our next case. Julia Baez known to most people as Julie. She was last seen in June of 1990, about nine months after Reese's disappearance. Unfortunately we don't know the exact date that Julie was last seen alive because she isn't reported missing until nearly five months after the fact. Nobody noticed she was gone for five months. Well because of different relationships and reportedly Julie's prior drug use, her two sons weren't living with her, one of them was with his dad, another was in foster care. And then her 14-year-old daughter Marisol was with her father in New Jersey. And then Julie's 10-year-old daughter also named Julie, was in foster care in Milwaukee.


Plus according to Julie's half-sister L's, the one who eventually does report her missing, Julie lived this very transient lifestyle. So L'S tells police that Julie made a habit of going off on her own and she would like return weeks later. I don't know where she would go. And actually Julie's daughters don't remember even their mom doing that. But apparently Lou began to get concerned because nobody in the family had heard from Julie in a while. She wasn't with their mom in Puerto Rico and her apartment manager hadn't seen her around at all there. In fact, according to police reports that we got through a records request, it had been so long since the apartment manager had seen Julie that he actually moved her stuff into storage in Julie's missing persons report.


Luz tells police that she last saw Julie June 18th, 1990 at a tavern about five minutes from Julie's apartment and that Julie left the bar after having an argument with her boyfriend Pedro. So police looked at Pedro, it seems like they're at least initially suspicious of him, but on paper it never led to anything official. So of course we did some of our own digging. The day that Julie went missing her daughter Marisol was with her grandma Julie's mom. And Marisol remembers the last conversation she had with Julie To me. She had said that she was going out with a friend, they were gonna go out dancing somewhere and that the friend was picking her up.


It was a girlfriend of hers that she was always with and they went out and she just never came back. So she went out socially the night she disappeared. Which is sad because now I see it like, you know that was the last time and I didn't even realize it was gonna be the last time. Do we know which is correct? Was she meeting a girlfriend or Pedro that last night? So Based on interviews that we did and then the records that we got, I actually think both stories are true. So we learned that Julie actually went out with her BFF Mariella at a tavern where they were regulars and a tavern where Pedro was known to play in a band. That's where Julie and her girlfriend supposedly went dancing that night.


And the bar is no longer there, but for our Milwaukee crime junkies, it was at 15th and Mitchell and it was possibly called the El WinCo Lounge and reports state that Lou's, again, this is Julie's sister, it's actually half sister. It says that she was at the bar that night. So she tells police that Julie and Pedro got into an argument and that Julie left never to be seen again. Was Pedro interviewed? I wish I knew. Like again the police reports we got through the open records requests are like super thin. I know police Elise got a statement from Mariella, the friend that she was with that night, obviously they got a statement from Luz but they didn't give us any copies of like the friend statements or any of the follow-up reports about Pedro if there were any.


And so that was basically it. Like there were some routine follow ups on Julie every few years to see if she had like renewed her driver's license or if any of her kids had heard from her. But at some point with no more viable leads, the case just went cold. And I'm talking like completely cold, no other follow-up is done until 2012 And this whole time she's just missing. Yeah, she's never found. But also it doesn't seem like police were actually looking for her because Right. So literally there's this note in the case file in August, 2012. Mind you, this is 22 years after she goes missing and I think it's so bananas, I need you to actually read it.


It says on 4 4 12 at 2:40 PM squad 2 1 3 1 went to the address of 8 2 5 South 23rd Street, number six to conduct follow up regarding the missing person, Julia Baez at the address we found that apartment number six does not exist. The building only houses apartments one through five. This was confirmed by the mailboxes and meters located in the rear of the building. There was also no Baez on the mailboxes. What I know It's 22 years later and also this apartment doesn't exist 22 years later. But like what does that mean?


Does it, does it actually mean anything? And like of course her name isn't on the mailbox 22 years later. Right? So the thing I I also don't know is like there's nothing in the report to say why an officer was even sent there in the first, right? Like did they get a tip? For some reason again, They like they can't possibly think they were going there to see Julie. The note says follow up on what I know and like it's possible again, maybe someone all those years ago gave the wrong address for her or someone made an error writing it down or something. I really don't know. Again, as for why 22 years later, I'm assuming I have to think someone called in and asked for an update or made a tip. I, it just doesn't make sense to me and I can't make sense of it with what they gave us.


Yeah, basically they learned nothing Seems that way. Yeah. And over the next three years there is this like annual follow up with the case but the reports are never more than a couple of sentences long. And in 2013 detectives call the number on file for Julie but like it's no longer in service. Duh. Yeah, like so they check with the Department of Transportation to see if she updated her address but it hadn't been updated since around the time she went missing. And then it's the same story in 2014. And then in this 2014 report the detective writes that Julie was reported missing by Luz in 2010, which is just like straight up wrong. Yeah. But this detective at least tries to contact Luz unsuccessfully.


I mean did they try to contact her children or do more follow up with Pedro? I said they or the friend she was out with, Not that I know of. And actually we tried to reach Pedro and her friend too, but no luck. So come 2014 Marisol her daughter decides she needs to put some pressure on investigators now that she's older and she can understand the situation a bit more. She goes back to the police station herself. Initially when I went to the police department, they're like hire a private investigator. And I was pretty upset at that and you know like to do your job, you know, because it's not like we can afford to hire anyone because I told him, I know my mom is a Jane Doe somewhere.


I know my mom would not just come back and not see us or you know her mom. So he finally listened and that's when he collected DNA And what do you know, eight months later in July of 2015, detectives call Marisol and her sister Julie back down to the station, their DNA had been a match to a Jane doe's remains What Jane Doe. Where, where and when? So as it turns out, on October 10th, 1990, so this is four months after Julie disappeared, a man in Black River Falls a city three hours west of Milwaukee was out foraging from mushrooms when he stumbled upon a garbage bag containing a human arm and leg.


And then when police descend on this area and search it, they find more bags of dismembered remains nearby in a shallow grave. And it looks like it had gotten partially dug up by animals. Now according to the Jackson County Sheriff quoted in the La Crosse Tribune at the time most of the parts were bones, but some still contained some flesh. And after a thorough search of the area, officials told the papers that the only body part that they could not find was ahead. And according to Marisol, this discovery site was near a reservation as well. Just like in Ray's case. And if Black River Falls sounds familiar, remember Larry Reese Spokane's violent ex-boyfriend.


Yeah. Yet remember he now lives in Black River Falls, but at the time no one makes the potential connections. Police in Milwaukee and Jackson County where Black River Falls is aren't even thinking about Ray Tola or Reese Pocan. They're telling local news outlets that the body was likely dumped by someone traveling through the region because this spot is a halfway point between the Twin Cities and Milwaukee and they say quote, people feel they're in a remote area. Plus there were no missing people in their county. And I almost couldn't believe this when I read it, but the Jackson County Sheriff said quote, Jackson County is not the only place anything like this has happened.


There are lots of them. There have been bodies found in Vernon Lacrosse Marathon and Juno counties all over the state. You have heads without bodies, bodies without heads, bodies without hands. Jackson County is not by itself in any way. Is this his way of telling the public not to panic or is he like trying to connect things? Listen, I don't know, but I'm willing to bet that the sheriff only said this to somehow make the situation seem less like a big deal. Like oh don't worry residents, there is nothing wrong with our county. This dismemberment stuff is happening everywhere. Oh, I feel way better now. I know. And now again, when he's making the statement like the remains are still unidentified, but I'm kind of shocked that it took so long if they were looking for missing women far and wide.


Now the timing on all of this gets a little unbelievable because they only ended up doing DNA testing on this dough like months before Marisol gets Milwaukee PD to take her DNA, which is two decades later. And what's also wild is that in all that time, Marisol had been looking for her mom and she told us that she had seen that Jane doe's name is Paige a ton. It's so crazy because I had gone into the Jane Doe network year after year and I had seen the Jane Doe from Black River Falls and I would always say no age would say like from 20 to 30.


My mom was 36 Caucasian. Even though my mom was very like complected, she was Hispanic. And it also said she had a tattoo of a mushroom. And I was like, my mom didn't have a tattoo. Come to find out the tattoo of the mushroom was the imprint of the, the remains on a mushroom field because that's where she was found. So it had imprinted I guess on the skin as she decomposed. And every year I would see it and I'd just keep going like, no, that's not her. For Marisol and little Julie, just knowing where their mom was, provided a huge relief. Julie had gone her whole life thinking that her mom had just abandoned them as a kid.


She was in and out of 12 different foster homes until she was finally adopted To find out that she did not abandon me and that she wanted me is a big pact in my life because I have a child now. And not having to tell my child that you know, her grandmother didn't care about me 'cause her grandmother did care about me. I've lived my life with an empty piece of me. And it's because she's gone. You know, she was very caring, very sweet, very trusting. So I only have memories of her, you know, those moments, the the hugs, you know that.


So, and she was just always, she was sweet. She was just, you know, a good mom. You know your mom loves you a certain way. There's nobody in the world that's gonna love you like your mom and just missing that kind of love. Finally, with a name for their Jane Doe, the Jackson County Sheriff tells the leader Telegram that they're gonna get to the bottom of who killed her. That before it was hard because they didn't have the name of their victim, didn't have a starting point. But all that was gonna change starting now. Well that was in July of 2015. Unfortunately, from what I can tell, no further breaks ever come in the case.


The only reason we know the little we do is from like an incident report. We also asked for interviews with detectives who like have her case or jurisdiction. They denied our request. Emily did speak on background to a law enforcement source who worked on the case, but that source doesn't work for the Jackson County Sheriff's Office anymore. So like we didn't get a ton. And it doesn't seem like they ever even considered that their dismemberment case could be connected to any others because Marisol and Julie, by the way, didn't even know about Reese Spokane or Ray Tolas cases until we brought them up in our interview. She disappeared nine months before my mom in Milwaukee so close.


Wow. I had no idea the fact that also a mother also in the same area, they were getting away with murder. Just the fact that there's so many, there's so many out here and so many families too that like ours just, you know, we don't know. We just would have to sit here and wonder and hope It's really only Detective Hatch in Sheboygan County who's trying to shed light on all the similarities between these cases. I reached out to the Jackson County Sheriff's Department and found out that there was evidence, physical evidence they had, there's nobody actively working on the case, but there's a detective that was assigned that case and that my request to them was to see if there was evidence that had been sent or not sent.


And then hopefully they would send all that evidence to a crime laboratory to maybe identify any kind of DNA or evidence related to a suspect. Hatch is also working with Jackson County authorities to see if anyone on Reese Spokane suspect list matches anyone in Julio BA's case file. And he presented to the FBI's cold case homicide task force about all of these Wisconsin dismemberment cases, some of which were not even on their radar. So these are all cases, I wish I had more to bring you on, but we felt like the best thing we could do at this point is to just like get everything we do have out there for people to hear.


Because maybe someone out there knows something about these Wisconsin women and our one man, maybe someone is in law enforcement and they have a similar case that we don't even know about from that time period. And if nothing else, maybe everyone can just come together and let Charlie and Michelle and Elise and Marisol and Julie all know that their mothers haven't been forgotten. That for this one moment, millions of people across the world are thinking about their moms. I believe there's so much power in the collective human consciousness, you might call it prayer, whatever we call it. However we direct our intentions to a singular focus of peace and justice. I do believe it's powerful.


Here's Reese's daughter Charlie, Obviously I'd like them to find who did it and finally have that closure. It's nice that we've found her, her remains and we know that she's not coming back now. And but different piece of you is always missing when you don't know who did this, why they did it, where they are, who they are, that kind of thing. So it would be really nice to have that type of closure for sure. And here's Julia's daughter, Julie. I just want justice. I think after we find who did this to her, I'll be able to feel relieved. 'cause my mom didn't deserve this.


She didn't. Why did you do it? Ray's daughter, Elise, It's not just my mom, it's somebody's sister, somebody's friend. It's somebody's daughter, it's my son's grandma. You know what I mean? It's something that has hurt our family and I don't know what that looks like for us to get over that. I don't, I don't know what that is for all of us, honestly. Maybe one day we'll get justice, but at the same time, me talking about it, doing this and helping other families, that's my own personal justice.


Even if my mom's case doesn't get solved, at least I know that I am kind of spreading awareness for other families that are in the situation and helping them, and hopefully one day that they'll do the same. This idea of speaking up of bringing attention to the cases of women of color was echoed by Ray Julia and Reese's daughters. Here's Reese's other daughter, Michelle, Why does that have to be our own? Are the only ones that keep that flame going. Why can't somebody else help us? Because they know a lot of our people, they get tired too.


And that's sad thing about it. I'm hoping that when somebody hears, they listen and they help you know, in any which way that they can. If it's news people get us out there too. Let our people be seen. You know, get the law enforcement out there as hard as they do for anybody, any other race. You know, it's Caucasians, especially them are the main ones. And you hear about them all over the news. You know, A-B-C-N-B-C-C-B-S on the night News and everything, you know, CNN. And it's like, well what about ours? Where do we, where do we fit in all this?


And if something were to happen, you see something, say something. If you see something ain't right, try to help them. Because some women, we, we don't say anything. That's the thing. And I know a lot of us think we're strong, but we're, we can only be strong. So much Crime junkies, please help us get Justice Fore Ray and Julia and all of the Wisconsin dismemberment victims from the Get. Our Hope was to tell all of these stories 12 total. That's still our hope, but there's just not enough information out there.


We've tried getting interviews with detectives in all of the cases. We've filed records requests with little success. But let's make sure that the conversation doesn't end here. I'm gonna put the list of cases that we want more information on in the description for this episode and on our website. If you have any information about any or all of the cases I've talked about last week and this week in both Part one and two of these episodes, or if you know anything about the pattern of Dismemberments in Wisconsin, please reach out to Detective Nathan Hatch at the Sheboygan County Sheriff's Office. You can reach him at his office line 9 2 0 4 5 9 3 1 3 5 or at his email, Nathan dot hatch@sheboygancounty.com.


And you can also message us if you know something, or if you are a loved one of one of the victims, drop us a line. We're counting on you to help us tell these long overlooked stories and finally get some answers for the victims and their families. You can find all the source material for this podcast on our website, Crime Junkie podcast.com. You can follow us on Instagram at Crime Junkie Podcast. We'll be back next week with a brand new episode, but stick around, we've got some good for you.


All right, after all that, I'm ready for some good. What did you get for us? What did you deepen the in the Crime Junkie inbox? What'd You find? Okay. This month's submission is actually a sort of response to a story that we featured on the Good Segment before. Ooh, full circle. Yeah. I don't know if you remember, but back in September, 2023, we read a letter about the Freedom Canine Project, which is an Indianapolis organization specializing in training service dogs for victims of sexual violence. Yeah. And people with PTSD. Well, some pretty cool things have been happening over there. And this is a submission from Lydia. Dear Ashley Britt and team, I'm not sure if you remember us, but you featured my nonprofit organization, survivor's Companion, then going by the name Freedom Canine Project on a good segment a little over a year ago.


And wow, what a freaking impact you made. Not only did your donation make a gigantic difference in what we were able to accomplish this year, but your crime junkies showed up and showed us so much love in donations, follows volunteering, et cetera. They really came through and helped us grow in ways I never could have expected. We are so grateful and hope you know what an impact you've made. Lydia, CEO, and head trainer. Thank you you guys. That is like a good for you guys. Like our listeners went out and donated. Volunteered for this organization just by hearing some good.


The good continues. I love it. Crime Junkie is an audiochuck production. So what do you think, Chuck? Do you approve?


Hey, crime junkies, if you have a couple of extra minutes, I wanna tell you about this new series on Paramount Plus called Happy Face. Happy Face is a unique perspective on the notorious happy face killer through the eyes of his daughter. Melissa Re Melissa was 15 when she discovered her father's secret, despite trying to put the past behind her. Melissa's life is upended again when her father tries to reenter her life after decades of silence. I want you to listen to the trailer now and see what you think. Growing up, Melissa had a normal life, normal family, normal friends, until one day everything changed. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. It's so good to see you, Missy. Don't Call me that. He said he killed another woman. When I confessed in 95, I held one back. What's this victim's name? It can't be that easy Experience. The thrilling new series. There's a family out there still wondering what happened to their daughter. Inspired by a true life story. He Wasn't always a monster. He became one about Family. The stories we tell ourselves and what it takes to uncover the truth. If I don't deal with him, people Will never leave us alone. You think you're so different. You don't see how the word Same to you. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Queen Star. I am not responsible for what my dad did. This going how you hoped. This eight part series explores the complicated relationship between a daughter and the monster she once loved, inspired by a true life story. Happy Face follows Melissa as she grapples with the dark legacy of her father starring Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid. Happy Face is now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com to get started.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.