
Ramble.


One guaranteed way to make me cry is just remind me of the lifespan of dogs compared to most humans. Listen, my dog's Mango. I know Rotten, Mango, and Tiger have been with me since before I started YouTube, before this podcast. And I truly don't know where I would be without them, but like all I can do right now is spend time with them, take care of them so that they live the happiest and healthiest life that I can give them. Farmer's Dog is such a huge part of that. Farmer's Dog makes it easy to keep your dogs healthy, which can give you more quality years with them. So Farmer's Dog, they make and deliver fresh, healthy dog food and it's recommended by vets. My vet literally recommended me. Farmer's dog. It's nutritionally balanced and made from human grade ingredients in safe, clean kitchens. Tiffany has been bringing Cola her French bulldog over and she keeps some of his food at our house. She said that she's been having such a hard time trying to get him to eat, so I offered her some of mangoes food to give to him. She was amazed. She said that she's never seen Cola so pumped for food. Farmer's. Dog is the best option for dogs at all life stages because it's, it's not kibble, it's not canned goop. It's real food. With traditional dryer, even wet food options, they're extremely processed. I mean I can hardly understand the ingredients that go into it, and it's really hard to portion. It's difficult to understand if my dogs are getting the nutrients that they need. Farmer's Dog comes pre-portioned and it's based on my dog's unique nutritional needs. So Mango and Tiger, they eat different meals and it's so cool. Farmer's Dog is like human grade food made in safe kitchens. My dogs have been on Farmer's Dog for years now. Ever since Mango was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease, And I just noticed so many changes. They've got a healthier code, healthier skin, their breath is better. And right now you can get 50% off your first box at the farmer's dog.com/mango. Let the farmer's dog know that we sent you. So use our code or click podcast after you sign up for your first box. That's 50% off your first box at the farmer's dog.com/mango.


Baraboo one law enforcement officer wrote on this forum about his current life situation of having to watch all of these evidence videos that are being taken in. They wrote, no, you never get desensitized to it. You get burned out by it. I mean. Some of the stuff I've seen, I can't get it outta my head. Stupid things like pet names that your partner might call you like, oh, baby sweetie, or even big boy, will bring back thoughts of shit that you had to witness in these videos, and it's not a great experience. I have seen things in my life that I should never have seen. I mean things that'll make your skin crawl, which is very scary to think about it. For those law enforcement officers, every piece of evidence that they receive, they can't just shove it away in a box or put it in a hard drive and go, okay, yeah, we've got the evidence.


We're good. Now they have to log every piece of that footage. They have to, in most cases, categorize the footage based on the seriousness, the violence, and even the age of the victims. In the videos, there are some computer software programs to help with the logging of images, but with videos, most of the time a reviewing officer will need to sit there and provide a written account and graphic detail of what the video contains during the timestamps. During each video, a lot of law enforcement officials state bluntly, They would rather deal with dead decomposing bodies that smell incredibly horrendously than sit in front of a computer and watch these types of videos.


There are dedicated task forces for these jobs. They have to receive regular counseling, heavy psychiatric evaluations, even before they're tasked with logging such evidence. They typically go through these extensive training periods to develop the coping mechanisms, literally just to get their mind ready to watch these videos to deal with the potential psychological trauma of what happens when they see something like this. The turnaround rate for someone in the task force like this usually is maxed out one or two years, maybe three. Some don't even make it past a month. Sometimes they'll leave and they'll be asked to come back because they were really good at identifying markers. Identifying markers.


So in the video, you're not just looking at the crime. That's one element. You have to log exactly what happens in detailed format. So it can be presented in court, but you're also looking for sweaters, music in the background, some sort of symbol that could indicate what state it was filmed in, what country it was filmed in. Mm, what time period it was filmed in. Was it summer? Was it winter? Was it this year? Was it last year? Some people are a little bit more skilled than others and they'll be asked to come back. Some people don't even make it a month. It's that bad. The Hollywood, Florida police are in a very tricky situation. They're dealing with both a dead decomposing body and they have about 20 hours of footage that they need to go through. They need to watch 20 hours of footage to understand the full picture of what has even taken place here.


It was such a bizarre call. They rushed out to this small apartment complex. They found a man dead in his apartment, completely nude. His face was painted this very grotesque green, red color, almost striped, striped green and red. Fully he, he looked like he was wearing a mask. He didn't even look human. The entire apartment is a mess, like a hoarding situation. The only thing that stood out immediately to them, well, it's pretty unavoidable. Someone wanted them to find it on the wall above the dead body, written in giant painted letters. It's taken up the whole wall, the entirety of the wall. It reads. The eight millimeter tapes are a documentation of a crime, a terrorist matter.


They are for the FBI, and it had an arrow pointing to a stack of tapes. Is that the 20 hours? Yes. So if anything is going to help them figure out exactly what happened to this dead person, it's gonna be the tapes. It's not something that they can let linger or wait for a designated task force. One of the tapes is even titled the Last Day. They insert the tape and press play. The man's death is entirely caught on camera from start to finish from him heavy breathing before his violent end. And even afterwards, he lets out this kind of gasp of air, but it sounds like someone gurgling mouthwash and they just watch him die right there on the screen.


Okay, we'll start rewinding the tape. They start rewinding the tape to right before he dies and right before he dies, he had ripped the pages out of a book to make this little empty space like a hidden compartment inside of a book and inside of it, he had placed a bomb. He video logs that he plans on sending it this book bomb to one of the most well-known female celebrities in the entire world. Straight to her home address. The officers stared at each other. Shit, stop the tape right now, they pause it. Did we not just see a book that looks just like that still inside of his apartment? Get everybody out now.


Get them out now and call the bomb squad. We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the national network to end domestic violence. A nonprofit organization dedicated to creating a social, political, and economic environment in which partner related workplace and stalking violence no longer exist. They provide legal resources and support for things like restraining orders and much more.


This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team, and we would like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now, before we get started, a few quick disclaimers. There are a lot of heavy topics in today's episode. References to hate speech, racism, violent stalking, and self exit. Additionally, the perpetrator in this case states that he has a genetic disorder as well as struggles with his mental health. Obviously, it shouldn't need to be said, but just in case these are unrelated diagnosis and anyone with similar disorders or mental health struggles is not inherently violent, nor does this particular case represent communities as a whole.


So with that being said, let's get into it. First of the 20 tapes, which we will refer to as the video diaries. 20 separate tapes, 20 hours long video diaries. It starts on Ricardo Lopez's 21st birthday. His present himself is this the camera to document his life, his art, and most importantly, his big plans. He looks at the camera, do you wanna see something funny? I'm gonna show you who I am. And he, he pinches his cheeks, so his thumbs are at the edges of his mouth, and he pinches his upper cheeks to make like a very scary, smiley face, and he gets closer to the camera and closer.


I am a monster. Can you see me smiling at you? Comfort is what I seek in speaking to you. Something with, I dunno, something that makes me feel better. For a long time, I've been speaking into a mirror and being my own psychologist or whatever. He said that he plans on documenting his plans to send his favorite celebrity and HIV bomb because she deserves to die. So he's gonna find a sex worker that has AIDS pay for her blood. Obviously he's not gonna sleep with her. He states that then inject the blood into hypodermic needles, send her a package looking like it's from a PR firm from New York City that's inviting her to an AIDS gala that's perfect in research for funding for aids.


She's gonna open up the invitation and boom, straight into her thumbs. Two needles will inject her with HIV aids blood. He states, I really like this AIDS thing. It's sort of poetic technically. If you really wanna get into it, it's much easier than having to go fly over there and stalk her or shoot her or stab her. He said he would make the package seem like a formal invitation. He pretends to have his thumbs poked at one point, and he starts screaming bloody murder because that's his master plan. This way, I mean she can't not think about him. He will be the biggest part of her life. He'll be the one person in her life that she'll never stop thinking about.


She'll never forget him. So for the next 20 hours, that's over the span of nine months, so he's not vlogging like 20 hours straight. He will start documenting his own mental collapse until he finally successfully mails a bomb to London. Nine months later, Ricardo Lopez would be dead. 20 hours of footage would be taped. That shows his mind completely breaking apart, and he just gets further and further from reality. And a bomb will be sitting in a South London post office getting ready to be delivered to a famous celebrity's residence. Just sitting there rattling, bubbling I mean waiting to be opened. If you were to open the cardboard box, you would see a book in there. A book, and once you open that, everything would go to shit.


John, the maintenance man at the apartment building in Florida, he has had multiple calls about the same thing, which feels abnormal. It's September 16th, but it's, it's still a little hot in Florida, but there's no reason for anything to be stinking up the entire place. Sometimes during the summer, you get trash left out. You mix it with the heat, the humidity of Florida, yet it starts having a pungent smell that feels like it's piercing through your brain, but right now it's fault. It's September. He makes his way over to the apartment building and yeah, okay, it does kind of smell rancid. He had a few tasks that he wanted to do prior to all of this, but the smell is so intoxicatingly horrendous. He feels like he's gonna pass out.


He starts investigating, which is basically just him walking around, pausing, aggressively, sniffing, and then walking around, pausing and aggressively sniffing, and he's trying to figure out if the smell gets stronger or weaker in certain areas. Right here, right here is the most pungent scent. He looks up and he sees the door leading directly into apartment, apartment A. He scrambles to get the keys out. He knocks on the door. Maintenance. Maintenance. So the maintenance staff there are allowed to come in without prior approval in this building to fix emergency issues, which in this case, it seems like it's an emergency issue. Everybody's been complaining about this. He opens the door and nobody's home, or at least nobody's responding.


The smell just keeps getting stronger as he walks in. The entire apartment is trashed. It's disgusting, it's filthy, but not, not gross enough to cause a scent like this. He steps over random pizza boxes on the ground. He sees this random, okay, this is a tiny, tiny, cramped little apartment, and what takes up most of the space is this sculpture of a woman's face made outta clay. It's probably the size of my upper torso. It's a like a paper mache type of face or Clay. I would say. Clay, yes. And it looks professionally done. Like whoever is doing this, it doesn't look like something I would do. It looks well, it looks good. It resembles a person. You can tell This is someone yes, And if you're familiar with specific people, you might even be able to tell who this is.


It's that specific in detail, and it's just very strange. The maintenance man looks down and they're in the middle of the apartment laying on the ground dead as a man's fully nude body. He looks not human. He looks like a monster. His body had already started decomposing in the Florida heat. So his body is different blotches of different colors. His face is painted red and green. His head is completely shaved, his eyebrows are shaved. It looks like he put on a Halloween mask, but only on the front of his face, but it's clearly not a mask and he's dead. Did he paint his own face before passing, or did somebody else paint his face, but why? There's a giant pool of blood underneath him.


John turns on his heels. He walks right outta that apartment. He immediately calls the police authorities Russian. They survey the scene and it's confusing because was this man kidnapped? Is this a terrorist organization? Because remember on the wall it said it's a terrorist crime, a terrorist matter. This is for the FBI On the fridge. The words N word lover are painted. N the word lover. Yes. Okay, and there's one last weird note left behind on a canvas like an art canvas that you would get at the store situated directly behind the dead body are the words the best of me, the best of me? The authorities are so confused until one of them points out.


The man died from a gunshot wound to the head. It appears that the way he slumped over, he would've been sitting right in front with his head in front, directly in front of that canvas. Meaning it seems like the intention being given the placement that his brain matter was supposed to splatter onto the canvas and that would be the best of him. At the same time, other officers continue watching the tapes. I mean they're already putting the tapes in and watching them because time is of the essence. They see the dead man, Ricardo, before his passing, taking the bomb and going to the post office and shipping it successfully. He ships it all the way to England, London, where the singer has a home.


They rushed to call Scotland Yard, which is the FBI of England. The package had already arrived in a small post office in South London, and it was about to be dispatched and delivered to the singer's address, but they caught it. Do you know the best way to diffuse a bomb? If you can Into the water, It's to make it explode. Oh, it's a controlled explosion. Oh, either the bomb squad will evacuate the area and detonate the bomb. Or if possible, the best case scenario would be to get the bomb, place it in a vessel or a robot that can handle the size of explosion that they're expecting from this size bomb. Have it safely transported to a remote location, have it detonated in a controlled environment.


Usually the bomb is placed under a reinforced chamber or it's buried deep into the ground. Sometimes the bomb squad will add additional explosives inside to make sure that the device completely destroyed and no longer active after detonating. Oh, that is what the Scotland yard due to this bomb, the one that was addressed to the globally known famous singer. But now that the bomb is detonated, the singer is safe and secure, she never got the bomb. There's a few lingering questions. Why did this man from Florida sent an Icelandic musician living in London? A bomb? Like it's so random. There is no connection. They don't know each other other than maybe he listens to her music.


And why is he dead now? I mean, what was his plan? That's crazy. It didn't even arrive. Yeah, but it's crazy that it, it went through customs. Mm. That is kind of crazy. But is it because it's a very different bomb like it has He's he, he's made it like needles and all That. Yeah. It's not necessarily an explosive type of bomb. Mm. Yeah. Now the dead man's name is Ricardo Lopez, but a lot of people that know him, they just call him the bug man. He's an exterminator. That is his occupation. And he works for his older brother, George, who owns this pest control company in Florida, which you know Ricardo is not very happy about.


If you told Ricardo when you drop out of high school at 16 years old to pursue art, you're gonna end up being the bug band. He probably would not have believed you. 'cause that's crazy. What? What type of art? He did a lot of drawings. Pastels, watercolors. I mean He does seem to be skilled at art. He seems to have a talent. Yeah. Oh, the statue was made by him. The sculpture is made by him. Mm. Now he's 21 and just exterminating cockroaches and flies on a daily basis. He would have these little outbursts on the job, and this is why his brother would constantly keep an eye on him. It's always been a thing in the family that Ricardo isn't the most mentally stable. You know, he's, he's a little unhinged, but they try to be understanding.


He would have these outbursts. I'm an exterminator, a bug man. As many people would choose to refer to me, you know, cockroach man. But most people in this world, I'd say the majority are cockroaches. Me being one of them. If you look around, look around you. I'm a piece of shit. Okay? That's why I'm not interested in finding a girlfriend. I'm a dirty, sloppy, fat, disgusting piece of shit. Okay? But he still took pride in his work. He would say, I really enjoy destroying these fucking cockroaches. It's a pleasure for me. That and the fact that he had access to a lot of harsh chemicals because of his job. He would say things like, I have access to many potentially catastrophic chemicals, and that's my advantage because anybody can have guns, chemicals, people need access and knowledge.


And, I do. Which to be fair, maybe he's just dealing with the trauma of having his dreams go down the train, and this is his way of boosting his ego. I mean, I think it's terrifying, but I think a lot of his friends tried to be understanding about it. That's what his brother George and his friend Ralph thought, other than these little outbursts at work though, about how everybody is just cockroaches. Other than that, Ricardo was typically okay most of the time when he wasn't ranting about people calling him the roach man. He would have small, odd moments, but they were really small. So one time he was sitting with his friend Ralph at dinner, and the two of them are so close that silence is throughout the dinner, no big deal.


They're sitting in silence, enjoying each other's company until Ricardo suddenly breaks the silence. What if you saw your ex-girlfriend working at a strip club? What? Just imagine her stripping down in front of everyone. The two start debating what They would do in that situation. And, I. Guess the primary reaction would be shock, right? There's another moment of silence before Ricardo comments. Just because you kill somebody doesn't mean that you don't love them anymore. This is what the friend shared. He shared it in his video diaries. Oh, Ralph didn't really know what to say, and Ricardo is just staring at him.


So yeah, I mean. Ricardo has these little quirks here and there. I mean. Like a few years ago there was another incident. Ricardo's family had walked into his room and it was pretty terrifying. I mean, but also potentially amusing if they thought this was some sort of like YouTube prank starting from the top where the ceiling begins all the way down to the floor. Every single inch of every single wall is covered in the same face, a picture of the same face. Ricardo had taken a picture of one person and taped it all over his walls. Like those YouTube pranks. Exactly. But it wasn't a prank. I mean, what the hell? Like what's going on? Is this the celebrity that he won't stop talking about nonstop? The one that he purchased all those magazines about? Is that the one, the CDs? Like why is he obsessed with her?


Ricardo would come home and try to convince them. It's for an art project. It's supposed to be like creative expression, but the family would never forget because it was just so strange. Ricardo would later say, this was his attempt to get rid of his obsession. I mean, think about it. If you're obsessed with somebody, if you're obsessed over a famous celebrity, how are you gonna move on? How are you gonna continue in reality, if you think that you have a chance at dating them and your whole life is being held back, how do you move on? He has to break the fantasy. He said, fuck it. I was going to desensitize myself. I had hundreds of photographs of her face all over my walls and everything that way. I would get sick and tired of looking at her, looking at her face, and it would lose that, that magicalness.


That was a big step for me, but clearly it didn't work. That's not what happened. Because the police are now sorting through 20 hours of footage left behind. They're learning about his plan to send his obsession, And I v infused bomb. And they just need answers because this case is gonna blow up internationally. They need to figure out what to tell the public. Did he send other bombs? Is this a case of a deranged stalker? Did he stalk any other celebrities too? Are there other crimes that he might have committed and why? Why Birk? Why this celebrity? The tapes are only from Ricardo's perspective of things and how much can they trust from records? They can see that Ricardo Lopez was born in Uruguay before immigrating to the US as a kid.


He first moved to Georgia. That's where he was raised then to Hollywood, Florida, Georgia. Yeah, he was here. Yeah, But that doesn't tell them too much. I mean the authorities, they reach out to people who would've known Ricardo when he was a kid, and they wanna know, because sometimes those with obsessive personalities to the point that they become violent towards their obsessions, there might be signs when they're young. There might be little clues. Everyone who knew Ricardo was very confused on how to answer the question. I mean he was close to this family. There was nothing to indicate that something was wrong. I mean unless you consider being very shy of crime. He's just one of those kids that didn't make a lot of friends. He liked to keep his circle small. He was an introvert. Very big introvert. Actually.


I mean even now. He probably only had like one guy friend, two guy friends. When was this happening? 96. Oh, okay. Yeah. Ralph being one of his best friends. But you know what? Now that they're all thinking about it, he did have this thing where he was terrified of talking to girls, like terrified. But everybody just thought I mean he's super shy. He was extremely intelligent though. So I mean what is there? He just maybe doesn't not interested in dating. He did have this fantasy though, that he would become this world renowned artist and that would occupy his mind since childhood. But he didn't become one, right? Well, he never applied to any schools.


He was too terrified of rejection, so he just wouldn't apply. Hmm, fascinating. He did have this small thing though, where he would sometimes get fixated on certain movies or certain actresses. Like one time he was watching Thelma and Louise, and he knew every line to that movie. Same with Beetlejuice. His favorite was this actress named Gina Davis. It's almost like he watched anything that she was in I mean anything for her. He would watch it, he would buy it. He knew everything about her. He could recite any line that she had in any show or movie, even if she was just like making a cameo and had one line in a show, he would know that line and he would know the timestamp of when she comes on, which sounds a little bit alarming, but one day he went to go buy a magazine with her on the cover, and he realized that Gina Davis is now in a public relationship with fellow actor Jeff Goldblum.


He was devastated. You would almost think that Gina Davis was cheating on him, that they were in a relationship or something, which is alarming, but he got over it, which is probably why his friends and family didn't think anything crazy about it. It's not that alarming. I mean eventually he gets over it. So what's the matter? Right? So why didn't he get over? Bjork, why go so extreme?


If you ask me what my style is, I would have a hard time explaining it to you. I mean there's so many I can't really choose from. One. I could name a whole list of styles that pique my interest. Dark academia, preppy, chic. I hope the list goes on and on. And when I wanna switch to a new style, I do find it hard to pick the pieces for that exact outfit that I have in mind. For some reason, I see people do it on social media and it looks so easy, but then when it comes to me putting an outfit together, it's so difficult. It got to the point where I would spend hours online constantly comparing if the clothes in my shopping cart match the outfit that I have in my head. With Stitch Fix, I don't have to do that anymore. It only takes me a few minutes. Working with Stitch Fix is so easy. They assign me my own personal stylist, and all I have to do is provide them with my style, size, and budget preferences. Then my stylist sends me five pieces handpicked just for me, and even provides outfit recommendations and other pro styling tips. If I don't love all of them, no worries, I can just send it right back because returns are always free. But honestly, just the feeling of being able to try it on at home is really nice. And I almost always end up keeping all of them because my stylist is just that good And. I feel like she really gets me. What used to take me forever to put together a brand new outfit now feels so easy because of Stitch Fix. My stylist is like my online stylish friend who just gets me. She's able to pick out the perfect colors and clothes that I would never think of wearing. They just work so well and it makes me feel more confident if you're looking to try out a new style, but just don't know where to start. I recommend Stitch Fix. I can order when I want and how I want. No subscriptions required. My stylist sends five just for me pieces. And I can keep what I love and send the rest back. It is just that easy style that makes you feel as good as you look. Get started today at stitchfix.com/rotten and get $20 off your first fix. That's stitchfix.com/rotten stitchfix.com/rotten for $20 off. stitchfix.com/rotten must redeem. Within seven days of signup,


we have become the designated party host in our family. Every birthday party and holiday is celebrated at this house and in the summer. It always ends with a pool party, meaning I'm the one in charge of getting all of the summer essentials, like sunscreen, ice cream, peaches for the grill. Because you would be surprised at how nobody brings sunscreen or peaches, which is fine because I've got it covered. It can be hard to remember everything off the top of my head when I'm at the store. Or sometimes I don't even realize that I need something until I get home. Or most of the times I don't even wanna go to the store to begin with. But my family doesn't have to worry about picking up anything from the store because I use Dash Pass to order whatever I need. If I'm in a pinch or need something delivered, I use Dash Pass. Whether that's ordering dinner from a local restaurant or buying aloe from the grocery store because even though I had sunscreen, somebody forgot to put it on, DoorDash is there to help deliver. On top of that, DoorDash is saving me so much this summer because they're having their summer of dash pass. That's five weeks of deals and exclusive items that you can only get on DoorDash now through July 24th. Enjoy savings at restaurants, grocery stores, retail shops and more. Whether you're looking for food from a restaurant, groceries from across town, or anything in between, enjoy all details on all the must haves during the summer of Dash pass. Get access to member only deals on hot wings to ice cream and everything in between. Now through July 24th, get the best deal and exclusive items from your favorite brands like Taco Bell, Popeye's, and Ulta Beauty. Sign up for Dash Pass now. If you aren't already a member and enjoy a summer full of savings. Dash pass. Benefits apply only to eligible orders. Terms apply.


If you guys don't know, Birk is an Icelandic musician and she is, honestly, I don't know how to describe her music. I went on to Reddit. People describe her music style as unconventional, avant-garde, very diverse and eclectic. One of a kind full of emotion. I mean just very experimental. One person writes, it's a very emotional experience from a sonic form. It initially causes much confusion and incredulous looks at first and then just creeps up on you until you are utterly and hopelessly in love with her music. Hmm, I've never listened to her music prior to the research of this case. I might start after I mean. Not that she like needs my streams or anything. She's massive.


She is one of the biggest names in music to the point where a lot of other experimental artists, they all get compared to her. So for example, Grimes, she doesn't like being compared to Bjork. She loves Bjork, but she just gets annoyed that all experimental musicians get compared to Bjork, especially if they're a girl or if they identify as like a woman, right? And, but that's how big she is. If you're in the experimental music world, everybody's getting compared to Bjork, and that's like the highest compliment you could probably get. She was one of the biggest names in the industry. She's actually a very fascinating character. Her first album, which was an album full of covers of other music, was released when she was 11.


She just did it for fun. It wasn't a serious debut, but she still ended up selling 7,000 copies, which is kind of wild. And she has this very fascinating background, which probably contributes to the way that she makes her music. Her dad is this super conservative leader of the union type of figure, like the labor union. Her mom is an activist that everybody said, kind of lived more of a commune lifestyle. They called her a hippie. Her parents are divorced, by the way. So she grows up between going to her dad's house, which is super rigid, very rural oriented home to her mom's free spirited. Everybody gets to do what they want. There's eight adults living in that one house. Even the kids, the type of environment, just back and forth, back and forth.


It's a very complicated background. Birk said that she loved and hated the experience of being so free on her mom's side. She said, can you imagine being brought up by seven grownups who all hate work and all they wanna do is play games all day and tell you four hour long stories and make kites? She said she loved and hated. Yes, like she loved it and grew to resentment, because when you're a child, you want order and authority at points. She said the house was painted purple. So yeah, later in Berk's musical career, she becomes very experimental. Apparently. One time she wanted the acoustics of a song to sound a very specific way. So she went ahead and starts recording in a bat infested cave in The Bahamas.


She like went to a cave and starts recording in there. Wow. She wants to be in very particular environments that embodies the type of music that she's trying to make. She once said in an interview, a lot of what I was doing before was to please other people. It had been my biggest fear since I was 11, to be in the spotlight in the band that I was in in Iceland. I even tried to look as ugly as possible so that people would listen to the music, but not look at me. Being a woman gets in the way, if people see me as a sex object, it is their problem. And yet there was this very, very big problem. A fan from Florida had become so obsessed with Bjork, with her music that he planned on grooming her. This is so complicated.


Let me explain. Ricardo Lopez is 21 years old when he starts taping his video diaries. Bjork is 31 years old. So how would he groom her I mean? That term specifically refers to the manipulation of someone far younger than you typically underage. But Ricardo has a plan. His plan is to time travel the ultimate fantasy. What? In his video diaries, he describes his plans way better than I can because they're so unhinged. But he states he wants to go back in time and meet Bjork when she's a little child. Why? To be the single most important influence on her life. What does that mean? Help her develop that attachment. For me, I go back, And. I become the single most important person in Iceland for the fact that I mean, imagine a traveler from the future that comes with news from the future.


And I came to Iceland exclusively. To see her, you know, besides going to the past, is simple compared to going to the future. The future is, well, c cryonics the art of freezing people. Right? That sounds crazy, but there's a corporation in California that freezes the rich and famous. They'll freeze your whole body, pump out all the water in your body, and then they inject like a gelatin into you put a different cocktail of drugs into you to help your cells avoid freezing I mean it goes into detail. And, I can talk about it later if I want, but the thing is, they freeze your body for the future. They just don't have the technology today to resuscitate you, but they will soon. So this is the plan. You get frozen and then 150 years later, 250 years in the future, you wake up and they have a time machine type thing that's already built.


Well, that's the fantasy, right? The plan was to freeze himself, wake up in a time machine, right? Then go back to the past to be the single most biggest influence on Bjork's life. He says, me being there in her reproductive years, or young, you know, flowering years looking up to me, you can change people at an early age, but now when they're much older, the earlier, the younger you are, the more vulnerable. Okay? Especially a young girl, their minds are very vulnerable, ready for information. That's how minds work. The younger you are, it's just, you know, for a person with a plan to sort of I mean, not abuse it, but to mold your mind. I don't know. It's just, you know, I want her to get, I wanna get her to be interested in me, you know, like, man, who the fucking hell is this guy?


If I go back in time, change her life completely, and she decides to stay in Iceland and she pursues, you know, her career, of course, but like in a, in like a different completely different fashion, this and that. And maybe she's not famous, okay? Either way, the plan is go back in time with the knowledge that I have now and just become, bring her the utmost pleasure. You know, she's never had any experience. If I meet her when she's that young, and imagine what, what that could be for your first experience. You know, for hours, he talks about performing oral. Yeah. First of all, is he being serious or is he like, just like talking out of thin air right now, It seems like this was His ultimate fantasy, but he realizes it's not gonna work.


He doesn't have the money to get frozen. He doesn't know if this is a surefire plan, so he's just gonna kill her instead. Mm. But this is His ultimate fantasy, if he could make anything work. Wow. Okay. So his plan, ultimate plan is go to this company, get frozen. Yeah. Wake up like 50 years, a hundred years later. Next to Walt Disney. Next to Walt Disney, Who is allegedly frozen. Yes. Oh, Okay. And there will be a time machine built from the future, and then you jump in there and travel all the way back. Yes. To groom her. Yes. Wow. And I. Don't know where in the timeline this is, but he talks about being her very first and how he will go down.


And he would say things like, I would tell her, just make yourself comfortable. Get a pillow, And I. Say, baby, I'm gonna be here for a while, so don't have anxieties about me quitting up right when you're getting started or before you're done, because I'm gonna be here a while. Boom. I'd probably have her sit on the washing machine or something like that because you know, the vibrations during the spin cycle. Anything that would help. And then I would just calm down that beast, you know, her sexual desires. And then she would be happy. And I would make her laugh and feel great. She'd be happy with me. You know, for some reason, oh man, I saw how amazing it was to, you know, when men go down there on women again, I don't know where in the timeline this is. I mean it either way. It's very alarming, disturbing in jail. But he continues.


I I even blush from the results from guys doing that to girls. Like it's overwhelming. Like, man, you can make a girl feel like that. Wow, that's truly bewildering. Keep that as my weapon in my mind. You know, I learned a lot about it, especially from lesbians who you know are undoubtedly the best. So two things I have as a weapon, if I go back into the past, are making a girl arrive at the destination. I'm saying it like that. He's saying it much more crass through going down there and two, making her laugh. Two of the reasons why any girl would stay with me. He says that he needs Berk to see him, like really see him for who he is. He states, Bjork has been an incredible part of my mind. It started with a crush and ended up with an obsession, which I'm not embarrassed to admit now.


It's an obsession. It sort of calmed down. I mean times. I've been okay with it. It flared up. The flaring up usually comes about by, you know, reading an article. See, I had nothing in my life at that point really. I was just working and my life was pretty empty, especially about real feelings, being in love, having an infatuation. It was this euphoric feeling. I had something to look forward to every day. Her music, her herself, her being alive, it was making me happy. I wanted to make her as happy as she made me. What's so startling about this footage? And I watched all 20 hours of footage. Like at points, he says he knows it's crazy, but the way he talks is so casual and is so blunt. It's almost like I mean, this is what it is.


Mm Oh, he's not like fanatic, like, oh my God. He's just very like, this is what it is. I mean. I want her to be as happy as she makes me. Like he's talking about someone he personally knows. Hmm. The first time Ricardo heard Bjork's song was at his brother's house. Her music video was playing on the TV and he glanced over. It was weird. He was like, she is weird. This song was honestly, in his humble opinion, not that great. She has insane vocals, don't get me wrong. He has to give her that, but it's not his style, which is fine. It's just like the style is kind of what the fork. But as an artist, he could resonate with her style, just her uniqueness. The fact that she's so creative and is not boxing herself into a genre, that is the message he can get behind.


Anyways, he goes home after his brother's house and he remembers, oh yeah, that music video. He gives it another listen, mainly to get inspiration for his own art, because he's trying to be an artist, but he can't stop looking at Bjork's face, just the way she, the way she did everything he said, it's just this mixture of beauty and strangeness. He said he had never seen a girl quite like her. At first, she kind of looked Chinese. No more mixed, just quote, beautifully strange, exotic, you know? And anyway, I loved her voice, and that was the moment she quote entered my mind. And it's almost like she was looking for him too, or she wants him to find out.


He states that he would randomly be watching other TV shows that have nothing to do with Bjork. And then suddenly she would disappear by chance, and he would be watching this long interview and all of a sudden Bjork would be a guest. And he thought, oh, okay, that's cool. I guess I get to listen to her talk again. The way he says it gives me the inkling that that is not true. Yeah, I get to listen to her speak again and he just keeps noticing all the special things about her face. But this time it's like her little quirks and mannerisms and her accent. She's got an Icelandic accent and it's very pronounced. He said, you know, I'm completely intrigued. And I myself, have many of those similar quirks, you know, like scratching and the crinkling of her nose, you know, picking her pantyhose. I myself, as a child, had many of those quirks of like fidgeting, And, I.


I found that kind of cute, you know? And then, and then I learned she had a son. I didn't know how old she was. She looked so young. I guessed her to be in her early twenties, very young. She looks almost like a little girl. No wrinkles. Very, very young. I was quite surprised later to find out that she was, what, 28 something. At the time that I discovered her, I was like, wow, man. No way. This is a little bit of a letdown. But he couldn't stay away. Everything about her, just the way she talks. In one interview, she said, I insist to be happy, mad, sad, stupid, brilliant genius, horrible I, mean happy. I'm gonna be at all. I make an effort not to forget all these different colors, to get hilariously drunk and forget to pay my electricity bills and to forget what time it is, and miss airplanes and run a band without a fault.


He resonates with that. He would read what every single person was saying about her. One comment reads, she uses her voice much more than a vehicle for lyrics and poetry. She communicates textures when she's singing. I saw her live a few years ago, and her vocals are, are no joke. He states in his video diaries, like I said, it started with a crush and ended with an obsession. We humans have a natural tendency to worship. Since the beginning of times, civilizations have been worshiping either one thing or the other. The son, we have that need in us to look up and to worship. Now, for some people it's, you know, it's different things, but everybody worships something. For a lot of people, it's money. Oh, that's their God.


Other people, it's sex, you know, pleasure. That's their God. People always submit themselves and look up to something. Apparently, in my case, it's her, a human just like me, an imperfect fleshly creature, which I put her in this angelic status. I see her like a daughter. A lot of it has to do with her childlike looks and her childlike voice and being so spontaneous and cute. I never really saw her as far as her beauty. I never really saw her as elegant and this and that. She's always been cute and smiling in the way she was like, like a daughter type of figure. The most I've ever wanted to do with her. I've never had sexual thoughts about her is just to hold her. I've had many fantasies of just holding her, just her holding me.


So it'll be all right. Feeling her lungs, taking the breath of life and expelling it. It's quite a feeling. It's quite a feeling, isn't it? What I just felt right now. I just felt a rush. It's kind of silly, but it, it makes sense. Technically. God had to fill the earth, you know, bring males and females together. This is different. When you look at the person and you just wanna hold them in your arms forever, you know, I love you. Just be there together, you know, just me and her, and feel that bond. The reason why there's magnetism like that, I mean now for anyone's telling me that that's not love. They're the ones who are outta their minds, because that's plain and simple, because this is a very instinctual type of thing, you know, because we're animals and stuff like that.


The male, the instinct has always been that protective provider type of role. The woman instinctively has more of that caregiver, the preparer of foods, this and that. When a man sees a woman a little bit like a child, childlike, helpless, somewhat, he sees, you know, I can take care of this girl. I wanna take care of her. He sees her like this submissive, you know? And that's very attractive. Okay? When a woman blushes, you know, it starts in the cheeks. And, I always found that subconsciously attractive. Never really thought about it. She's blushing. She looks cute. I never thought of it, but flattering, you know, very childlike, very innocent. And then the flushing moves down the neck, and then after a while onto the chest. And that's a very sexual response, okay? Because again, men like a submissive, helpless little girl looking up to you.


Even back during the Victorian ages, woman would sometimes have heel. Yeah, he goes on monologues Where? Yes. Like what video is this? Like number one? Oh, this, the introduction. This Is, let me tell you, it's all merging together. I think this is like five or six. Okay. So he goes on, he's just talking about his thoughts. Yes. Nothing is very coherent. So as he's like making bombs, yeah, he will go on his thoughts. Sometimes he will literally just vlog. He'll come home after work and then just turn the camera on and share his thoughts before going to bed. And sometimes you're saying he's working on a bomb. Yeah. Is he vlogging the bomb too? Yes. And he's talking while he's working on the bomb. Yes.


Like random thoughts. Random thoughts. Wow. Yeah. Even back during the Victorian ages, women would sometimes have heels, like six inch heels or something like that, and they'd be walking on their toes. They always had to have an escort that they, you know, when they walked, because They would fall over. And that helped, you know, because hopelessness is very attractive to males. Instinctual. He continues. I think that's my underlying reason for my attractiveness to her physically. That in her voice too. She has such a childlike voice when she spoke very sweet, very subtle. And then when she's saying unbelievable, the degrees of emotion that she sparked in me and her face, larger eyes, they look more childlike. Higher cheekbones, right?


Shorter foreheads, you know, little details like that. Her little button nose, that completely drove me nuts. Oh, I love her nose. So cute. She's got such a cute little girl's nose. Also, she's much older than him. Like, this is so weird. He says in the video diaries, I close my eyes, And I, see her. Perfectly clear. I know her face more than most people do. Every line, everything. I see her. And it gives me a happy feeling when I forget, you know what she's saying. And when I forget what I've learned about her, when I look at her, I see a sweet little girl, innocent. That's what I want her to be, because she has many, many very, very crazy aspects of a child. And now she is all he thinks about every waking second of Ricardo's day.


Nothing else matters, but Berk, it's getting bad. Ricardo actually knows it's getting bad. He would retreat into his little fantasy world where he's having full blown conversations with her. In his mind, I mean just constant back and forth. And at first he said it was to indulge himself, but now it's become a problem. He says, she had become such a entity in my life. She was so real. Every single thing that Brk put out, he had to buy it. He had to own it, possess it. Even if a magazine just had a small little who were it best segment on Bjork with one picture, he would buy the whole thing. It's like the more he owned of these products, the closer he was to her. He starts keeping up with where she's promoting what song, doing what tour I mean. He was almost keeping tabs on all of her. Whereabouts. He starts writing a 803 page journal, documenting his love for Bjork 803 pages, everything he learns about her, how it makes him feel.


He doesn't wanna forget a single thing. Interestingly, his journals would bounce back and forth between his love for Berk. He wrote her name in that journal over 400 times. He mentions a few other celebrities here and there. And it's all interwoven with these monologues of how much he hates himself. And he's a big loser. He made at least 150 references to himself being a failure. And over 50 references of violence ranging from violence against himself and straight up murder. Yeah. Murdering the Bjork. Yeah. And it's starting to piss him off a little bit that she never writes back to him because he is writing her letters. He's part of her fan club. He says, if she had just written back just once, I would've been happy. But she didn't.


So this is basically the song Stan from Eminem, right? That's what a lot of people say. Yeah. About this case. Instead, the worst day of Ricardo's life happens. Ricardo and his buddy, Ralph were out to the movies one night and they bought tickets, but they still had some time to kill before the movie started. So they head over to the Barnes and Nobles in the same shopping plaza, which is like a massive bookstore, and they start walking through the magazine aisle. He sees two magazines with Birk on the cover. Jackpot. He buys both. If Brk is on the cover, he doesn't even check the price. He just, he grabs it. Wait, Double. Same, same magazine. Twice. Two Different oh, two magazines. He buys, both of them, throws it into his little basket.


He's so excited. But he has to play it off Cool. In front of Ralph, make it seem somewhat normal. He just casually flips through it here and there. And then when he gets home, he starts really analyzing it. The first magazine was good. I mean she just has the most enchanting look. He says, when I first looked at her, wow, Huta, she blew my mind completely. I've never seen, I've never seen her look like that before. Those olive green eyes. But by the second one, things are starting to get weird in an interview. All Ricardo members or wants to remember from this is that she talked about having a rough relationship with alcohol. He scrambles in his diary, she's an alcoholic big time, which is not very childlike of her. He did not like that.


Yes, he's Mad. Is he mad about that? Yes. But nothing compared to this. And she has a lover. So at this point she already has a son. Yeah. But there in the print, in the words, states that she's in a relationship with a music producer named Goldie. He flies into a rage. He starts spiraling in the video diaries, thinking about what the two of them have done together intimately. He says she broke the worst law. You can break, you know, in my book, she went out with a black man and fucked him. Probably went down on him too. Who knows? She probably even got him in the back. Like he anal.


Oh, Who knows? He goes on a rant of how all the black men are taking the white woman side note, he's from Uruguay, so he's South American. Okay. Yeah. I guess it's like, okay. So it's very interesting. A lot of people have analyzed this And I. Don't know if I should be in the one speaking of this, but in the beginning of the video diaries, he's very much white passing his cadence, I guess is what you would consider more American. You don't hear much of his accent. And he has this like fluffy, fluffy hair that looks very quintessential, I guess like white. But then throughout this diaries, he starts shaving his head and he starts letting his accent come out more freely.


So it's very, I don't know, Why did he shave his head? Oh, he has like a mental break again throughout the video diaries. And he declines physically and mentally. So he just shaves his head twice. Just a little mental break. He, yeah. Okay, We'll get into it. Oh, okay. So he starts ranting. There's less than 3% of white women in this world, okay? But to let you know some of the facts, to remind myself, 3% of white women in this world that are of childbearing age, 3%. That's it. And now they're dating black men. Well, he doesn't even call, he doesn't even say black men. He uses like a lot of slurs. He also goes on to state that the best type of place for him to attack another fantasy of his is to go quote, shoot up a place.


And the best target quote would be a fucking rap concert. Oh my God. Those are the type of people that I would love to exterminate. You know, I'm going to die fine, but you, I'm gonna take all you motherfuckers with me. Whoa. He continues. I mean like this is a satanic thing that she just happens to be with a fucking, like it's set up for me to do something I mean. I know she's been with other guys before. You think I like that? No, but what I do many times I try to think. Sex is not that big of a deal. Sex is not a big deal. I mean. Sex is a big deal to me though, because I'm a virgin. I've never had sex. I've got tons of footage of it, all different kinds. But I'm a virgin. I've never known a woman. And she, she's been with a French guy and they say, they say the French are the best lovers.


I mean. I wouldn't know if that's true or not, but I guess she knows. And now, now she's gonna marry this black guy. And I've already told you that's unacceptable. You know, it's completely unacceptable. He claims that he's not just upset that she's dating someone, but it's the fact that she's dating a black man. He says, you know, for her, a dick is a dick, you know? But I'm a piece of shit. You know, the reason why whites are so afraid of, you know, black people taking their woman is because, you know, like the saying goes, once you try black, you ain't going back. And me having seen many pornographic movies, yeah, most black men have very big private parts. That's true. It's very true. Do I find that threatening I mean? Yeah. My dick is about this big. You know, he holds up his finger to show about two inches of length, maybe one And I did see, 'cause he is naked.


It does clear. He continues. I've never dreamed of fucking her. The only thing I've ever fantasized about is maybe just bringing her pleasure to satisfy her needs. You know, just going down on her or something like that. Just giving her pleasure, fulfilling her earthly needs. Not fucking her, because I know I'm insufficient for that. Okay? I have prostate problems. And I, got a little dick And, I'm fat. And I have no stamina anyway, just like controlling her needs. That way she doesn't have to go out and get it. I've never really fantasized too much about being in a relationship because I can't be in a relationship with anybody because my emotional conditions, he says in the tapes, growing up, you know, I had hopes and stuff with women, even though I was fat and this and that. But you know, I still had hopes. And then that's when it becomes apparent. My inferiority complex.


I see a little beautiful white chick, and you know, my type, the dark hair, green eyes, that's my thing. I like beautiful, beautiful woman, beautiful face. And then they see a fucking black man. And if one day I meet up with a chick like that, and she's been with a black man, And, I got a little dick, it's just gonna gimme problems. It's very like, I, okay. He's so clearly racist. But also, I did see some ants being like, I feel like he has a crush. Not on brk, but on the producer at this point. Like it's really bizarre. She's gonna get used to having big private parts down there. When I was younger, I wanted a chick. I wanted her to be my first, and then I would be her first.


And you know, we could, we could be together and go against the world, that type of thing. But I later changed the fact, forget it, I don't wanna get married. I don't want a girlfriend. And. I always appreciated the virgins. You know, because I myself am a virgin, and my time, you know, when I was young, I would think I'm gonna marry a virgin. Because if you got a chick with a lot of experience and you don't have no experience, then you're kissing her and you gotta think, man, she's been with so many guys. How many guys has she been with? How many? And that fact alone would just kill me inside. He states that he just wanted to love Bjork, and she's ruined it all by dating that music producer, which is why she needs to be harmed. Ricardo tells his little video diaries that there has been a change in his plans. He says, I'm gonna do it somewhat different now, the AIDS thing.


I'm afraid I'm not gonna be able to do that. Why? Because I don't have aids, you know, that I know of. And to obtain it from a sex worker is gonna be very, very, very difficult, very complicated. So, you know, it'd be very tricky. Ricardo switches his plan to using hydrochloric acid instead. Still in the needle, or no, a spray. He wants to acid attack her in a bomb. Oh my gosh. If he cannot inject AIDS into her, he will spray acid all over her permanently scarring her. The prototype is simple, A book bomb. The rest of the video diaries is of him trying to execute his new plan. He was able to get his hands on 36%, even though he wanted a hundred percent hydrochloric acid.


But he starts experimenting with the acid to see if it'll even work in the first place. He gets all suited up in what looks like a face shield, rubber apron, rubber gloves, a rain jacket. It looks like one of those disposable rain ponchos, but I'm sure it's from his former position as an exterminator, right? Oh, yeah. He quits his job. We'll get into it. It looks a little more protective than a raincoat, but his biggest concern isn't even the contact with the skin. He's like, it's the fumes, the inhalation of the fumes. Now the camera ends up malfunctioning, so we can't see what the results of the experiment are, but he does test the hydrochloric acid on pizza, bread, vegetables, and then ultimately a little bit of on himself, all with very, very disappointing results. He says, I'm not too happy with it.


I don't think it was enough. I touched it with my hand. I touched the surface of it, and nothing happened. Nothing happened on the pizza either. It's just soggy, which is how he moves to sulfuric acid. Sulfuric acid is the most commonly used acid for acid attacks. It is highly corrosive, and you can find it in household products like drain cleaners. It just melts things away on humans. It'll cause at least severe burns, and then it can get even into the territory of deep tissue damage leading to permanent disfigurement, blindness, long-term, psychological trauma. And this, this is doing it for him. He compares the two acids on pieces of salami, the hydrochloric acid. It turns a tiny piece of the salami into a deeper red color, almost as if someone got a sunburn.


But the sulfuric acid basically kills the salami with dark splotches of burnt meat all over. It's gonna be the sulfuric acid. He starts manufacturing his own spray mechanism. Basically, this is his getup. He's going to have hollow out a book. He's gonna send letters to Bjork's management and say, Hey, I want Bjork to read this script of this movie that my massive Hollywood company is producing. Maybe she wants to be a part of it. He's gonna ship over this book, and inside of it is gonna be a hole. When you look at it from the outside, it looks like a book. But when she opens the cover to read it, there's gonna be a mechanism that gets triggered and it's going to splash sulfuric acid all over her face, chest hair, everywhere.


The biggest problem though with the acid is that once you wipe it off, like if you were to wipe off spheric acid instantly, the damage lessens by tenfold. It's still probably gonna leave scars, but it's not gonna be as bad if you're able to wash it off almost immediately. It's not gonna be permanent. He says it takes time for this shit to burn at least a minute to do some serious damage. I would estimate, I don't know, perhaps at least a minute. 60 seconds. Now that's the problem. Let's say I got the book, I opened it, and that shit went all over my face. The first thing I would do is run to the bathroom. If you splash a lot of water on you, and then you just wash it off, it's gonna do minimal damage in comparison to what it would be if it were to stay on your face for at least a few minutes, couple minutes.


That'll be beautiful, man. So this is what I was thinking. As soon as you open the book and wait for like two seconds, let the acid go, let her scream, and then say there's gonna be a voice trigger, like a little stereo system, a cassette that starts playing. This is a bomb, and it'll blow up and destroy the house. The first thing she's gonna do is grab her son and get the fuck outta the house. Get her child or whoever's in that house, get the hell out. She's gonna worry about her face afterwards. I'm counting on that, of course, I'm not gonna have an explosive in there, but just the fact of the countdown. 20 seconds, this is gonna blow up. She's gonna be running outta the house, make her spend the extra 30 seconds, minute flipping out, running outta the house, going crazy that way. The burns are even more to be like the shit, you know, all burning up thinking the house blows up, which is not, and then all it's gonna do is eat up her face.


Little by little. It's a hell of a plan, hell of a plan. Very sadistic, because this is what happens. like I said, I'm not gonna let pride stand in my work whatsoever. I don't care how much work I do on this little thing. My goal, as far as this concerns me, is to screw her up psychologically, the trust factor just completely rape her mind. You know, like completely destroy that, screw her up completely. And then of course, fuck her up physically. Okay, Ricardo starts sketching out Bjork's face on a giant slap of cardboard. He does not use his so-called artistic skills on the drawing. He's mainly focused on getting her to be a somewhat believable size on the cardboard. Once he is done, he hangs up the cardboard sheet with Bjork's drawing onto his shower wall.


He uses his little canister that he's been preparing to put the acid into. He mixes water with black paint, puts it inside, shakes it up, lets it spray all over her. And this is supposed to be a simulation of what will happen to Bjork when she opens that book. It looks like someone threw 50 water balloons at a target. It's a lot of liquid dense liquid. It's not like a mist. So It looks like it. It would work, and it's be, it would Be bad. It appears fatal. I mean it gets all over the cardboard, Berk's face, neck, chest. Ricardo steps back to Ed Meyer's work, and he grabs the camera and he shoves his face in the camera. Direct fucking hit. Let's see what I did. Now that right there, that's fucking art. Fuck oil painting.


Fuck past, fuck watercolors. That's fucking art. I'm fucking doing shit, man. I mean the all over her face. All over her chest. Especially here, man, when she takes that shirt off, it's just gonna rip it off her flesh. Fucking beautiful. That's gonna be fucking sulfuric acid. Dude, I had no idea it was gonna explode all over the place. So much. While that's good, because any people around are also gonna get fucked up too. That's beautiful. I'm in love with what I'm making. Hopefully I'll be satisfied with the whole mechanism. As much as I am with this, this is just way beyond my expectations. Way beyond he gets excited. He says, the only better thing from this plan is if he can get her and her son at once.


Her son's like five. What can you imagine if I get both her and her son? Two birds, one brick. That's how he says it. You better fucking believe because the shit shoots out. Shoots up everywhere. Man goes up in the air, it'll get in the eye. Shit. If I can at least make her blind, give her a few scars, melt her face off, because that way nobody wants her. But if anything, she'll be so psychologically screwed up. She won't be able to be in relationships anyway. She'll be so withdrawn. I mean she might stick to music if she has her throat intact. Yeah, and if she can't talk, she'll probably still compose music. That's what he says.


My dog Mango has been with me through some really crazy times in life. I mean she's been with us for the past 10 years. If you guys dunno, mango is my little French bulldog with half hair. Okay? She's fuzzy only half the time. And she is literally the glue of my family. I have quite literally named an entire podcast in a YouTube channel from my dog Mango. She is the reason that these channels exist. But three years ago, mango was diagnosed with this autoimmune disease, and she was always at risk of excessive bleeding. Her fur was falling out in clumps. It was, it was a pretty stressful time in my life. I was constantly emotional about Mango being in pain, and then I would be get so stressed out every time I started going over the vet Bills. Every time we took her to the vet, it was like thousands of dollars because her condition was so difficult to treat. And I am just so thankful that we had savings to cover it. I wish I had known about Spot Pet a few years back. It would've just eased so much of that stress. Our partner Spot Pet Insurance is here to share a message today on how they are a secret weapon against the unexpected. Because with Spot Pet Insurance, you can get up to 90% cash back on eligible vet bills. Our dogs are always there, For us during our hardest times, and we need to be there for them too. Go to spot pet.com today and get a quote instantly. Visit spot pet.com. Paid Dad from Spot Pet Insurance Waiting Periods, annual deductibles, co-insurance benefit limits and exclusions may apply for all terms visits, spot pet ins.com/sample. Policy insurance plans are underwritten by either Independence, American Insurance Company or United States Fire Insurance Company, and produced by Spot Pet Insurance Services, LLC.


Hi, and welcome to ikea. How can I help? Oh, my schedule is crazy. I just want some me time. Maybe it's time to embrace the joy of staying in with comfortable beds, pillow and decor, mood lighting, and so much more. You can turn your bedroom into the place to be. Oh, Sounds like a dream. We've got you. Visit us in store or at a kiaa.com/sleep to create your dream bedroom. Today,


Ricardo's phone starts blowing up near maybe the halfway point of the vlogs. It's the only person that can stop him from doing something like this. And she's calling him right now. Does he pick up? What is she gonna tell him not to do anything crazy that she loves him, that everything's gonna be okay, that they're gonna see each other soon, and she's gonna hold him in her arms. He picks up the phone. It's his mom. And afterwards he starts flogging. This whole week I couldn't sleep because I started taking sleeping pills and stuff. Not to think you know about my family, because I just feel guilty as hell. Just guilty. So his mom lives in Uruguay and his brother George, his his boss, has been sending sly little reports to the rest of the family about how Ricardo is doing.


And clearly he sees a decline. He doesn't know how bad it is. Ricardo's really good at hiding it, but he sees something is happening and he thought he could trust his brother, George. But he's just been reporting everything to the parents, like the fact that he recently purchased a gun. His mom is crying over the phone. His mom is crying over the phone, begging Ricardo to promise them that he will never buy a gun again. That if he loves them, he will never touch the gun. This is when we see a big shift in the vlogs. In the video diaries. It does seem that Ricardo takes a step back from his plans. His mom does seem to have an effect on him where she can kind of somewhat bring him back to reality. I mean, don't get me wrong, he's still fully infatuated with Bjork, but it's almost very briefly seems like even he himself realizes how bizarre his plans are.


He's trying to at least see things in a reasonable, rational manner. He vlogs, you know, I put it into balance. Who should I dedicate my attention to? My mother or a complete stranger? Of course, my mother. I put it into more perspective now as far as my plans that I had with her. Notice how I use the word had. It has been temporarily postponed. Why? Well, partially because I'm worrying about my mom right now, but my first attention is my mother. As a matter of fact, in a couple of weeks I'm gonna be visiting her in Uruguay. On top of that, after talking to his mom, he rented, yeah, the timing is very strange. He rents a DVD of 14 guys having intimate relations with one woman all at once. He said that video put the world into perspective for him. You know, it's calming him down.


Watching that video over and over and over again is making him realize that he doesn't have to be angry about Bjork being with a black man. I mean at the end of the day, sex is sex. No. And this woman in the video was with a black man with an Asian man, With, all sorts of men, and he's just losing all the initial anger that he felt because he says, I was very pissed off at the beginning. But she's a grown woman, and sex is not anything, you know, in this world, everybody has sex. I, if it wasn't sex, I wouldn't be born. And besides, you know it being with the black guy, I mean, after seeing that video With all the different colors and all that, it's all the same thing. So it doesn't really bother me anymore. And I'm, I'm glad. I'm glad I, I didn't think I could change, but I did.


So now what to do, With, all the recordings I made about, you know, my plans, I can't destroy them, but it is a liability to have those. Because one day, if for whatever reason somebody sees those, I'm fucked. I'm fucked. He starts thinking about getting rid of his tapes, which is a good sign. This whole plan is about to get scrapped. He's almost in a cheery mood saying things in the video diary. He is like, I wanna make all the woman in the world happy. I wanna make my mom happy. I wanna make her happy, happy, feel happy, happy, happy. My mom is very worried about me. You know, she doesn't eaten in days. I haven't drink hardly anything. Dad was even crying a little, asking me if I wanted to move over there with him. And all I needed to do was find a job to pay for food. Don't worry about shelter. I can live with him. You know, they're under the impression that I'm having a hard time over here financially, but I'm not, I wonder if the parents thought that he's about to do something to himself.


Yeah, Right. Okay. So they didn't think that he's about to hurt someone else. No, No, no. And a series of incidents start taking place that turns this whole thing around and almost speeds it up. Ricardo gets into multiple fights with his brother. He gets very lazy at his job, and he quits his job in anger. So now George, his older brother, is no longer gonna be the one keeping tabs on him, and Ricardo feels like his life is over. He's got no financial means. He has no contact with the outside world. He is gonna be able to live on $2 a day on food. He has no cable, no tv, no phone service, because all of those are getting cut off. He's about to get evicted. He has nothing and nobody, and no backup plan except his plan.


So he just casually vlogs again with his hair shaved. I'm gonna do it. He starts ranting. She was the chain that was holding me to this world, besides my mother. I mean, that sounds horrible, but the chain with my mother is because I feel debt to her. You know, I owe her. But with Birk, it's not like that. I have this link. That's love. Anyway, this link that was holding me to earth each day is gone. Is what? I'm doing an act of vengeance. I'm not exactly sure, but I'm gonna destroy her. God damnit, you know, Hey, I wasn't I, I wasn't asked to be a part of this. That's a problem with having kids. This is the problem. The people have kids for selfish reasons, for selfish reasons. People avoid childbirth control for selfish reasons. Okay? And you have to ultimately pay for every mistake that you make. That is a problem with having kids.


Wait, What about kids? He's basically saying, this is his parents' fault. Oh, you can raise them the best you can and this and that, and they can end up all screwed up like me, okay? I could be a lot worse, but I'm gonna bring my parents and family a lot of pain, a lot of shame. But I was not asked. None of us are asked to be brought into this world. It's, it's a crime. It's a fucking crime to bring children into this world, and you shall pay for it with pain and suffering. We live in a world full of monsters. Do you understand that? A world of monsters, it belongs to the monsters, and I'm gonna die with the monsters. I'm gonna die a monster. I'm not gonna die an innocent man. And. I held up as long as I could. My original plans were for my parents to die and then for me to do this shit.


But hey, things change. Things change. You know, I mean this is gonna destroy my family. This is gonna be a skeleton in their closet, but I can't live for them. If I'm gonna live, I have to live for myself. I can't do this. I can't be alive to please others. It's not gonna work. I'm too selfish for that. So I mean, I'm sorry, but hey, I gotta do what I gotta do. So he finishes creating his acid bomb and takes it to the post office to ship it. He brings a gun with him just in case, because he states he cannot get caught. He would rather die than go to prison. He says he is successful in shipping the package. So other terrifying moments from the footage include him making comments about his body.


He talks about how he has an extra X chromosome and one in every like 1200 people have it. And most of the time people don't even know they have it. But some people have symptoms, and his symptoms included enlarged breasts. So he's stating even when he is thinner, he has large breasts. He just has a lot more breast tissue that becomes fattier. Yeah. So at one point he is ranting about that. He also holds up a giant power tool, and he states that he can't use it though, because his neighbors are gonna hear the power tool and he comments, this is like me having a big dick. It would just be pointless. I still can't use it. In another segment of the video diaries, he's rubbing his eyes stating that he has all these allergic reactions to the chemicals that he deals with on a daily basis as an exterminator.


And he comments scratching, oh, the pain hurts. My body is sending endorphins. You know, like the expression, oh, it hurt so good. A lot of that can be applied to sex too, especially for women. They're getting around, you know, and it hurts for some, but it feels so good because of the endorphins. There's another point in the video diaries. He starts talking about how he was on the road and he saw a car that flipped over three times and crashed. He and his friend pulled over and they see a bunch of girls get outta the car, maybe in their twenties. One of them had a busted lip, the other one had a broken ankle, had blood from her head. So they stopped to help and wait for the police. One of the girls was clearly in shock, major shock. She looked good, but she was in shock. Not like good, but like she looked, okay, okay.


She's sitting down and he could see the outline of her private parts through her tights. And he said, I'll be frank with you. I was not sexually turned off at all by the blood. That's all he gives us. He also mentions that he ran out of toilet paper. So he has to go back to using his hand. And he also mentions how he is his worst enemy and he just needs the bomb to be mailed to London. And he is able to successfully do that, if you will. But none of it matters because it will be traced back to him and he knows it. He knows he cannot outsmart the FBI, nor does he want to. He just knows he needs to get it to Bjork, ruin her, and then he's gonna die. He says, if they come bust down the door and arrest me, I go to prison, I get fucking raped.


I become a fucking bitch in prison. Okay? I can't let that happen. I'm not gonna survive at all. In prison, he starts preparing for his death. He says, one final message to Bjork. He says, dear Bjork, everyone's safety depends principally on the fact that nobody wishes to kill them. We have come to depend on what we have called the goodwill of civilization. But Agatha Christie says, murder is easy. It's unfortunate that we live in a world of monsters that wish nothing more in their hearts than to strip you of every possible joy in your life. So thus, I introduce myself to strip you of every possible joy in your life. I intend no lesson to be taught. I have little insight, no ideas, no solutions that can make any difference.


I just wanna make you cry. I really doubt any success in this attempt. This was but just my low risk mission. I am though ready to embark on my last attempt. Your death was not my intention. What you will give me is your pain in exchange from my family's despair of my death. My death is really less related to my obsession with you. It's my unwillingness to partake in this world for various reasons. My mission, though, is related to you because it is my last joy. Honestly, your only mistake was having caught my eye, I really should not blame you for not being what I wanted you to be. You being a mother, there is nothing more than I could take from you than your son's innocence. I would jump at the chance of disemboweling your son slowly hammering his kneecaps into a bloody pulp in your presence, tear into his flesh to consume his flesh, to become one with his flesh, to enter new worlds with your pain becomes my sacred key.


Well, I am a realist though. I will just bury a bullet in his head. It's easier. I'm not crazy. I just pretend to be. I want her to stay and suffer. There's no point in me destroying life because of what it's over then no more pain. There's no more satisfaction I can get from that alive, maimed, all fucking destroyed emotionally. Okay? It's so much more, a much sweeter revenge. You know the French say that revenge is the dish best served cold. You know what? Oh man, it's a dopamine rush Every time I think about it. Every time, it's because of the revenge factor. It's an alleviation of the pain. So it's a joy or alleviation of pain. That's basically the purpose of life, to get dopamine rushes and avoidance of pain. So I wanna do this. It's not because I have to. It's not because you know, all the voices are telling me to, or God told me to, or my dog told me to, or demons have spoken to me.


I want to. I am in complete control of the situation. No one else, my mind, me, myself, I don't know what he Said, me either, but remember how he shaved his head through the video diaries? Well, now all he wants to fully get rid of all the body hair on his face and head. He uses a pair of scissors to cut hair off of his head, which takes just as long as you would imagine, a very long time. He uses the scissors to cut off his eyebrows. Honestly, he looks very terrifying, and I'm sure it has a lot more to do with the fact that he keeps like demonically making faces at the camera. After this, he doesn't talk much in the very last tape. He just slowly starts using face paint to draw red zigzags over his face. Like an artist doing a new project.


He takes his time and he uses a small, small paint brush, and then he uses the green to fill in the other marks like a stripe. And is there a reason meaning yes. So he, oh, also, he paints his nipples red. He says that it's gonna help his family. He says like this way, if George finds me, you know, it won't be that much of a shock. It'll be a de personalized type of thing because I look weird as fuck. And I hope that'll be a coping mechanism for him. So I'll look just so unrealistic and unlike myself. So that should help I mean. I do feel really sorry for their pain sometimes, but I don't think so. I think this is like his way of trying to be artistic and weird.


He sits down and he plays his favorite Bjork song called I Remember You, and starts preparing himself. He starts breathing very, very heavy. A lot of ENTs have stated that at this moment it almost seems like, like he's having a battle in his mind where it almost appears that reality is fighting to take over. And there are moments where it seems like he's about to pull himself out of his bizarre plans and his fantasy, and perhaps come back to reality. But ELA does not. He starts breathing very heavy, almost like he's hyperventilating, and then he self exits at the end. You hear his body make one last breath. It's like a gurgling noise.


Ricardo's family were notified of his death, and they knew he had been struggling with his mental health, but that it had been that way for most of his life. But because he had recently been seeing a therapist, he had sought out a therapist. He made the initiative to get help. They thought things were looking up. So side note, during all of this, Ricardo was seeing a therapist. And to be fair, the therapist did not notice anything alarming about Ricardo's behavior. And I don't think this was a case of a therapist or a family being totally negligent. But Ricardo sought out professional help just so he could get prescribed anti-anxiety medications because he didn't wanna feel anxious about his plans. He didn't wanna feel anxious when he went to the post office to mail the bomb. None of them knew how bad all of this had gotten.


I mean, he was pretty secretive about it. They were constantly checking up on him, his family, and he vlogged about it. Like They would come check up on him and he would have to hide all of his supplies. It, it does seem like they did make as much effort as they could with their current situation and their own personal lives going on. So one group of people think that Ricardo is a very sick man that tried to talk through his very confused feelings and thoughts to a video camera that ultimately he was sick and troubled and he needed help. Some people stated that they can't help but feel bad for him. Another group of people believe, yeah, okay. He's very clearly a sick man. We feel sympathy to a degree.


But why do sick men keep victimizing other people? Like why do people always have to become victims when a man is sick in the head? I mean, you could argue there's lots of sick men, there's lots of sick women, there's lots of sick people everywhere. They don't send acid bombs to their favorite celebrities because they're sick. Yeah, I mean, what are your thoughts? Which group are you in? Because even though the acid bomb was intercepted, it did not physically hurt anyone. I'm sure the harm was done to Bjork and her team. She made a public statement afterwards where she stated, I was very upset that somebody had died. I couldn't sleep for a week, and I'd be lying if I said it didn't scare the fuck outta me that I could get hurt. And most of all, that my son could get hurt. But she still sent flowers to Ricardo's family because they too lost someone special.


So it does seem like everyone is agreeing that Ricardo's family did try. It doesn't seem at all like they're just like this negligent family that was like, okay, whatever. You go, her people, we don't care. She said, I just find it very sad that people get into that kind of state, you know? Well, I'm very upset, obviously. Soon afterwards, she had a new song come out called So Broken. She stated she created it while she was dealing with the trauma in her kitchen. She was just in her kitchen all day dealing with the PTSD and the lyrics go so broken in pieces. My heart is so broken here. I would go trying to run ahead of that heartbreak train thinking it'll never catch up with me. I'm so broken. I'm trying to land this airplane of ours gracefully, but it seems like I'm just destined to crash.


I'm not sure if this fact changes anything or would've changed the sequences of events, but a day or two before Ricardo dies, Bjork and Goldie, her boyfriend had broken up. Obviously it has nothing to do with Ricardo. Neither of them knew of him at this point, but it just hadn't hit the press yet. Again, I don't think it would've changed much. I truly don't think that Ricardo was doing all of this because Bjork was dating a black man. I feel like it might've only stalled things. His obsession might have even grown bigger until she inevitably does another thing that he does not quote approve of. Now, side note, the package was in South London on route to Berk's address, but it would've never gotten to Berk. She has a whole management team that fields her packages first. So unfortunately it could have severely injured or killed someone on her team that was just doing their job.


And thankfully it was caught before it got to that point. On top of that, Bjork wasn't even in London at that point. She was actually in Florida in the same state as him. What? What? And that is the story of Bjork's Stalker. What are your thoughts? You know, it's terrifying. I, I wonder like he can't be the only one, right? And. I also wonder, you know, this happened in 96. What would he be like today? Because things are so much more connected, you can find like a million times more information about someone on the internet. Like does that make things so much worse?


Or is there more help to be found through online communities? Or is it just gonna be so Much worse? I think so much worse because the way that he was obsessively somewhat tracking her, I think that he didn't know that she was in Florida because there was a delay in the news cycle. But I wonder if this was happening in today's age, if he knew Right. Would things be different? Right. Right, right, right. Yeah. Terrifying. Yeah. So please be safe out there. And I will see you guys in the next run.