
Ramble.


One guaranteed way to make me cry is just remind me of the lifespan of dogs compared to most humans. Listen, my dog's Mango. I know Rotten, Mango, and Tiger have been with me since before I started YouTube, before this podcast. And I truly don't know where I would be without them, but like all I can do right now is spend time with them, take care of them so that they live the happiest and healthiest life that I can give them. Farmer's Dog is such a huge part of that. Farmer's Dog makes it easy to keep your dogs healthy, which can give you more quality years with them. So Farmer's Dog, they make and deliver fresh, healthy dog food and it's recommended by vets. My vet literally recommended me. Farmer's dog. It's nutritionally balanced and made from human grade ingredients in safe, clean kitchens. Tiffany has been bringing Cola her French bulldog over and she keeps some of his food at our house. She said that she's been having such a hard time trying to get him to eat, so I offered her some of mangoes food to give to him. She was amazed. She said that she's never seen cola so pumped for food. Farmer's. Dog is the best option for dogs at all life stages because it's, it's not kibble, it's not canned goop. It's real food. With traditional dryer, even wet food options, they're extremely processed. I mean I can hardly understand the ingredients that go into it, and it's really hard to portion. It's difficult to understand if my dogs are getting the nutrients that they need. Farmer's Dog comes pre-portioned, and it's based on my dog's unique nutritional needs. So Mango and Tiger, they eat different meals and it's so cool. Farmer's Dog is like human grade food made in safe kitchens. My dogs have been on Farmer's Dog for years now. Ever since Mango was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease, And I just noticed so many changes. They've got a healthier code, healthier skin, their breath is better. And right now you can get 50% off your first box at the farmer's dog.com/mango. Let the farmer's dog know that we sent you. So use our code or click podcast after you sign up for your first box. That's 50% off your first box at the farmer's dog.com/mango


Bad. The biggest South Korean YouTuber was hiding a secret. Her channel name is J Young. She has over 10 million subscribers. She's a milk bugger. So she eats on camera for a living. It said that she can eat 30,000 calories in a single day. Just to give you an idea, the average recommended calorie consumption for the average American ranges from 1600 calories to 2,400 calories in a single day. I mean, obviously there's exceptions, but that means if you do the math, she eats well over two weeks worth of food for the average American in a single day. I mean she stated that she could eat by herself.


She can eat 40 servings of tripe, 110 plates of sushi rolls, 22 pounds of yellow fish, the sushi 20 bags of ramen, and 20 servings of beef all by herself. I mean, this is even before she started eating on camera. She said there was a time when she had no money back then, where she went to this all you can eat buffet. 'cause she couldn't really afford to go anywhere else to fill her stomach. And it was a, it was a cheap, cheap buffet. And afterwards she walks outta there belly full. And she felt so bad for the owners because they likely lost a ton of money because of her that she never went back to another buffet ever again. Really? Yeah.


And what's crazy is she eats like a competitive eater. But I would say that that is not the reason that people are subscribed to Jang. One in every six South Koreans is subscribed to Ji Young's YouTube channel because she has this way about her. She seems incredibly sweet. She has this bubbly, energetic energy where she seems to really savor every last bite of the food. And she makes it very entertaining to watch her. It doesn't just seem like, wow, look at this person who can eat so much food. It seems warm. It seems like a companion. That's her image. She even recently collaborated with Gordon Ramsey, and people just love her in South Korea. She's actually one of the most well-perceived influencers in South Korea, which is very difficult to pull off.


But there was always something a little bit weird about Jang and her YouTube videos. Okay? Some people noticed them and even commented on them. Years ago, whenever Jang wore short sleeves, she would have bruises up and down her arms. There would be random discussions in the comment section. Some people thought it was alarming, but most people argued I mean it's probably from grilling. She would have these Mong videos where she's grilling like a hundred dumplings in one pan. And the pan itself is I mean, honestly, the size of her torso. Of course, she's gonna get her arms burnt on the side. She's moving around, she's probably restarting the camera, leaning over. She's getting her utensils. And she seems a little bit in the nicest, most loving way possible.


She seems a little bit clumsy. She doesn't seem like someone who's just always, you know, fluid in her movement. And you know, the barbecue, the 40 pounds of tripe, when you grill that up, guess what? Oil splatters. And it's probably splattering all over her arms. I mean, think about it. Even if she goes grocery shopping with the amount of food consumption she has, that's a lot of food she's hauling into her apartment. But the bruises were large I mean they're big purple. I would say that the bruises on her videos on her arm are maybe credit card shaped, if not larger. They're large bruises and they're, they're oddly not circular because you know how if you knock into something, you almost get more of a bit of a circular bruise.


They look more square or rectangular, And people are not concerned. Or does she address it ever? They don't seem that concerned. Hmm. And she would just constantly say that she's always clumsy if she ever briefly addressed it. Hmm. In some of her videos, she will have bandages on multiple fingers up and down her arms. But again, nobody suspected anything that sinister considering. Again, she has this bright, cheerful personality. They thought if she's going through something bad, let's say worst case scenario, what do bruises mean? Maybe you're getting hit. If she's going through that, there's no way that she would be able to smile so brightly on camera. That just doesn't make sense.


But the truth is, she was being beat. GI Young was forced into creating a Mukbang channel. And when she wasn't filming, she was beaten twice a day. For years, audio has recently surfaced, and in it you hear a man's voice screaming, SHUT, UP, SHUT UP. You stupid bitch. Didn't I tell you not to do this? You can hear the number one most subscribed YouTuber in South Korea crying in the background, begging him not to do this to her, Begging him to stop and spare her life. De Young was forced to Mukbang so someone could profit millions of dollars. One of the top Youtubers in the world on a global scale had effectively been held hostage for four years and forced to produce YouTube videos.


This is the story of J Young. We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the World's Central Kitchen. Just a couple of days ago, July 24th, 2024, they successfully distributed 11,000 meal kits in Northern Gaza and have created a network of Palestinian led community kitchens around Gaza. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team.


And we would also like to thank our listeners for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available by Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now, before we get started, a few quick disclaimers on today's case. It is ongoing. There are constant updates, there's new pieces of information constantly coming out, which two things about that. One, this video will have updates until the publishing date, of course, and we will try to keep you updated in the pinned comment if anything crazy develops. And two, this case involves a lot of different Youtubers and it has the potential to get pretty messy. This is what we know so far, and we don't know if things are gonna get refuted, if things are gonna get disproven. There's a lot of people involved who may have incentive to lie for their benefit.


So please do take things with a grain of salt. And with that being said, the YouTuber that is at the center of this controversy is not someone that this disclaimer applies to. J Young is not a part of this disclaimer. We are not discrediting a victim's experience. The disclaimer to take things with a grain of salt applies to basically everybody else except for her story. So keep that in mind. This is also a South Korean case. We had help from professional researchers. However, if anything is mistranslated miscommunicated or if you know anything additional, please let us know down in the comments. Some statements have been condensed for time, and with that, there are mentions of blackmail, domestic violence, and a brief mention of self exit.


So please, if that's too much click off, take care of yourself. And I will see you in the next one. So with that being said, let's get into it. There's gonna be a lot of Youtubers, and I'm gonna tell you straight off the bat, which ones are gonna be very, very important. The first YouTuber we're talking about is a South Korean YouTuber by the name of Acho, and that's literally just his YouTube channel name. That's not his government name. So we're gonna call him AK for Acho. Okay, ak, he has a very interesting online persona. He's kind of a crypto guy. He's very much into the crypto space. If there's new updates on Bitcoin, if there's new updates on any of the cryptocurrencies, he's gonna be talking about it. He loves to start little new businesses with the crypto world.


That's what he's known for. But he's friends with a lot of other Youtubers that aren't even in the crypto space. So one of his closest friends at the time is a YouTuber by the name of Kuk. Now his YouTube channel name is ak, so we're gonna call him Jay of ak, but that's not his actual name. That's just how everyone, even the news is currently referring to him. So I don't wanna use his legal name. Now, side note, his channel name. It literally means it's the phrase of helping the underdog, helping someone that has been wronged, helping a victim. And so he's built his whole career on helping people. That's what he says. Now, in the past, when he first started his YouTube channel, he did a lot of random things.


He was trying to do a little bit of expose videos, and then he tried singing videos, gaming videos, reviews, experiments. He was just trying to figure out what was gonna stick. A lot of people initially really liked him because he had these vlogs where he would take care of his mother who had dementia, and they thought, wow, this 3-year-old man is so sweet. And he's so attentive to his mother. And it's just so refreshing to see that online. But in 2020, AK Jay starts making a shift in his content. He starts becoming part of the wrecker union. That's what they call themselves. It's a group of Youtubers in South Korea called the Wrecker Union, kind of like a wrecking ball record union, record union.


And their whole thing, their whole career is making expose videos on other influencers, celebrities, businessmen, nepo, babies, criminals. That's it. They like to wreck their reputations, wreck their careers, wreck their online personas, wreck their image, which you would think is a good thing because if they did something wreck worthy, they're gonna get wrecked, right? But the thing with Jay is he's kind of a controversial person. He would not investigate that much. He would just ask people his own viewers, Hey, send in some reports. If you have something fascinating about someone, send it in and I'll look into it. I mean technically, people could try to fabricate things. It just, I feel like he did a lot more harm than good.


There were instances where he alleged that a party would take drugs and have group intimate sessions with each other. All of that turned out to be false. He's already being investigated by the prosecutors for a few instances of spreading false allegations and rumors. In fact, he has been sued more than 30 times since he started YouTube, primarily for defamation. He's also just known to hate women. I mean, I imagine that if he, if Jay calls you a feminist, that is a super derogatory term for him. That's not a compliment. He seems to objectify women a lot. So crypto AK and Underdog Jay, their best friends now behind closed doors.


They were trying to get involved in like this new cryptocurrency, and they had purchased all the crypto coins off of Jay's phone. And for whatever reason, crypto AK decides, Hey Jay, I need to see your phone again so that I can sell some of my coins and transfer my coins. Can I borrow your phone for a second? Underdog, Jay gives AK his phone and he brings it back to his room where he takes a copy of his phone. Imagine you get your friend's phone and you back it up to your computer. Hmm. Why did he do that? It seems like he just always had bad intentions. It seems like all these people have bad intentions. So he takes a copy of Underdog Jay's phone into his computer and he doesn't really look at it or, so that's the story.


He doesn't look at that copy until a few weeks later, Jay Underdog. Jay goes onto livestream and posts a picture of Crypto AKs family, including a picture of his wife and a picture that is un blurred of his minor child. Why did he do that? It just seems like he was, I guess he was talking and he just posted a picture and later AK Crypto AK is like, Hey, I haven't posted my family. Can you please take that down? And Jay did not want to. Jay was like, I don't know what the big deal is. And it caused a whole problem. According to ak, his child was getting bullied, like it was causing issues with his relationship with his wife. It was just unfortunate. And he was stating, if that's my friend, why can't he just take it down?


Like why can't he just do what I ask him to do? It's my privacy. And so for that reason, the alleged story is that crypto AK starts going through the backup that he has of underdog Jay's phone on his computer, and he starts searching for anything bad to just get back at him level the playing field, honestly, get revenge. Because if you're gonna post private details about my family, maybe I need to post private details about yours. AK goes onto Jay's phone or the backup, and he finds something, he finds blackmail audio of Jay and another YouTuber colluding to blackmail someone. They're talking about, okay, we're gonna blackmail this person. How much money do you think we can get out of them?


It's basically a crime, blackmail and extortion. Those are crimes. But AK is like going through Jay's phone. Yeah. Almost like blackmailing Jay. Precisely. I mean, But instead he found Jay trying to blackmail someone else. Exactly. So none of these people are good people so far. Like they're doing everything for really insidious reasons. He finds this little blackmail audio tape of these two Youtubers, and he's like, you know what I'm gonna do? I am gonna expose this to the world, because guess what, underdog Jay, he constantly says that he's for the underdogs. Literally, that's his channel opening. That's what he talks about in every single video. And here he is literally committing crimes with another YouTuber, doing some dirty, nasty stuff such as?


And extortion. That's disgusting. So he takes the audio tapes and he decides that he's going to send them to a cyber wrecker. You're like, what is a cyber wrecker? A cyber wrecker is a classification of YouTuber in South Korea. So you know how in America we have beauty influencers, we have Mungers, we have all these different things. Cyber record is also a division of YouTube, like a niche in YouTube. And they're truly just to wreck people's perceptions of other people's reputations. So it's like, like ex like expose? Yes. Is it like commentary? It's more like exposes.


I wouldn't say it's commentary. It's a little bit different. So commentary in America, you have so many commentary channels, and when a situation occurs, someone commits a crime. Let's say a celebrity commits a crime, all the commentary channels are gonna comment on it because that's what they do. Now, cyber records, they're in the business of timing. They wanna get privileged information, they wanna get the inside source, and they want to be the one to release the information first. Mm. They're almost in a time war. So originally I thought cyber record was literally spelled like the wrecking ball wrecker, but it's actually spelled like with an R. And it's because in South Korea, when you get into a car accident, let's say you're driving on the highway, you get into a car crash, you pull over to the site, suddenly you look up and there's 10 tow trucks.


They just drive around looking for car accidents and they start fighting you for business. There will be 10 tow truck drivers standing there witnessing you, stressed out, trying to get your the other car accident person's insurance trying to get their driver's license. And they're just shouting numbers at you. No. You come with that. They just want a business. Yes. So they look for these bad accidents. They look for negative energy, is kind of the theme that they say. And they stop and they try to be the first one there. So you're saying these cyber records are like that? That's what they're, yeah. Kinda Like shark in the water. Yeah, they're circling for blood. Now of course there's good ways to do it. I mean some of them had okay reputations because They would actually help the public, the general public, but a lot of them don't have good reputations.


I see. They're almost seen as like foaming at the mouth to get the inside details. For example, you know the Chohun case? Yes. That we did. You guys all know that case. I'm gonna link it below. But there were a bunch of cyber records that had shown up to his house after he was released from prison, which this is a criminal who Essayed a little 8-year-old girl, and he got out of prison recently in South Korea. They all showed up to his new house and they were just filming, ordering pizza, ordering dad, man, remember? Oh, that was dumb. They're cyber records. They're getting into fights in front of the building. They're causing disturbances. The neighbors hated them. They're cyber records. Wow. This is so fascinating. I didn't know. Yeah.


So they do. They do wanna get the first blood in the water. They wanna break the news. The goal is to be the first one to break the unfortunate news. Probably the best example of a cyber wrecker is a YouTuber by the name of ula. He is one of the biggest, he's actually a detective affiliated with the Korea Licensed Private Investigators Association in South Korea. He started his channel because 10 years ago he had gone out to dinner with his uncle. And on the way back home, his uncle was hit by a drunk driver and he passed away in front of him. And he just said that he felt this undying rage toward drunk drivers, which is why he started investigating and exposing drunk driving incidents that involve celebrities and influencers as well as news anchors and nepo babies.


Because oftentimes in South Korea, it's a little bit different from America where names are not made public. When people commit crimes, you have to go through a whole process back then for their names to become public information, even if they're convicted of the crime. He was also the one that exposed the identity of the Pusan spinning kick incident where a man, if you remember we talked about that case where a man literally spun in the elevator, kicked a stranger, a woman in the elevator lobby of her own apartment building, and then dragged her to the stairs. Wow. Where there was no CCTV camera. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And likely Essayed her. Yeah. He's the one that revealed his identity. He's also the one that helped reveal the black mailer's identity for the parasite actor's case.


Oh, the woman, two women. Yes. That blackmailed him. Yes. Wow. And that I mean he's just, he's probably one of the biggest cyber records. His name is Ula. Now AK does not send the audio files to ula. Instead he sends it to another cyber record by the name of Puns Hook. Again, not his legal name, just his YouTube channel name. We're gonna call him Pun now. Pun gets the audio files. And he has it in his hands. He's sitting on it for a second because there's just too many things happening on YouTube right now. He gets the audio files, but he's distracted because the MI Young 44 case is developing. I feel like these are so many references.


I'm so sorry. But it's just all intertwined and there's no way to separate any of them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if you guys don't know, we actually did an episode on the MI Young 44 case before all of these new developments, and we're gonna do an updated episode very, very soon. But just to give you some context on how all of this fits into today's case, That's crazy. Like these are some of the biggest cases in Korea, and they're all somehow connected. Yeah. It's by these Youtubers. Yeah. That's crazy. And some of these Youtubers, they only have I mean. Okay. It's not only, but some of them have like a hundred thousand subscribers. But they're all, they've all got their fingers in all the biggest like mainstream news. Like they actually are a part of the case.


Yes. They're not just reporting on it. Yeah. They're actually a part of it. Yeah. ULA is actually part of most of these cases. That's Crazy. Wow. So Pan, he gets these audio files and he's too busy. He's too distracted by Mi Young 44 case. Now this year, 2024 is the 20 year anniversary that everything has taken place. A middle school girl was lured out by a boy texting her online. She thought that she was gonna go meet up with a potential boyfriend, but instead she goes to the city of Mi Young and she gets jumped by a group of 10 to 12 teenage boys. That gang essay her, she's in middle school. They film the entire assault and they show her the video afterwards and they tell her, if you tell anybody about this assault, we're gonna release this video to your school, your family members, your parents, everyone is gonna see this video and your life is gonna be over.


She ends up truly having no choice but to try and do whatever, everything in her power to make sure that this video never sees the light of day. The group of guys saying her would call her, forcing her to meet up with them again and again at warehouses, tennis courts, just random areas where different group of high schoolers would surround her and gang essay her multiple times over the span of over a year. So Ang is the city in South Korea where this took place. And 44 is the number of at least 44 confirmed essays that were involved. However, it said that there were at least a hundred accomplices involved in the torturing of this young girl. Eventually, the perpetrators would victimize the original victim's, younger sister, younger cousin.


Eventually there were five victims in total. And when the authorities finally catch wind of this case, they let 44 confirmed essays. And the over 100 accomplices just go with barely a slap on their wrist. Absolutely. None of them received a felony or were even charged on their records. So their rap sheets stayed completely blank, which also means that their identities were protected until 2024. Until this year, a group of Youtubers have been outing each of the perpetrator's identities one by one. I mean this has been such a big, big deal in South Korea. Mainstream media news outlets have been talking about it. Nonstop. Governors police, they're all getting involved. It's a huge legal situation of are they even allowed to do this right now?


How are they not getting sued? What if they accidentally give the wrong name? Like there's just been so much discourse about it, which will all get touched on on a later episode. But where does Pan get involved in all of this? Well, he's got then blackmailed tapes of these two Youtubers colluding to blackmail another person. And he listens to all of the audio. And he's sitting there thinking to himself, likely, this is probably the only thing that might be as big as the me Young updates, the Me Young 44 case. This might be the only thing that's as crazy that might take over mainstream news. I mean this is, this is insane. He's listening to it. And it involves Jay and another YouTuber by the name of ak.


We're gonna call him gin. 'cause AK again is just his channel name. Okay. And the word itself means detecting manipulation. It's like staged. Wow. So a, so These, they all have these very Yeah. Like, you know, justice type of name. Yeah, I would, they're, yeah, I would say, okay, so Tza is a little bit different. Jay, he's truly, his whole marketing shtick is, I'm for the underdog Chew Jack is a little bit different. It's a little bit lower stakes. So gin, all of his videos used to consist of him sitting there and just pointing out the staged nest of other Youtubers videos. He's like, this couple's video is staged, and lemme show you why.


Mm. See this YouTuber, this whole thing of him running into a stranger is staged this YouTuber who is rescuing a puppy, it's staged. Mm. So it's a little bit lower stakes than I guess, you know, crime, crime. But yeah. Okay. So to to recap, Jay and Jim are blackmailing someone. Yes. And there's a tape of them talking. Yes. AK got the tape and passed it on to Pan Pan and Pan is sitting there listening to the first tape. Yes. And he's thinking about something. He's thinking, wow, this could honestly be as big as the media case. Like it's crazy.


This could be the next explosive conversation on social media and even mainstream media. I mean it's huge because these two Youtubers, Jay Engin, they're talking about blackmailing only the biggest YouTuber in South Korea to reveal the fact that De Young used to work at a hostess bar before starting her YouTube channel. This is exactly what Pan might need to help pivot the conversation. Allegedly, allegedly Pan has interest to have everybody stop talking about the MI Young 44 case because he's friends with the perpetrators.


What? So he decides, Wait, so he's not just trying to break the news. He doesn't even release the tapes himself. He sends it to another YouTuber. He just wants, allegedly what everybody thinks is that he just wants the conversation to not be about MI Young 44. He wants there to be a new news. That is crazy. And he is a YouTuber that talks about what usually He's a cyber wrecker, He's a cyber record, he's a Cyber wrecker. He actually, that Exposes people. Yeah. There's so much, it gets a little bit crazier, and we're gonna talk about it in the Me Young 44 update episode. But he also does get involved in the me Young case, and he almost gets canceled for it.


So that's why there might be incentive for him to try and stop the conversation around me. Young 44. Wow. There's evidence, alleged evidence that he is friends with many of the perpetrators. Wow. So he's trying to pivot the whole conversation away from it. He's trying to protect his friends. Yes. And himself. And this might be the only thing that could stop it. So he decides I'm not gonna release it because he's already in a ton of shit for the media Young 44 case and allegedly being friends with perpetrators. So he sends these blackmail audio tapes to another YouTuber and he's like, Hey, you release it. Because to him it's not about getting views or attention to his channel, it's about pivoting the conversation away from me, young 44 into something crazier or bigger or more interesting.


That's his incentive, allegedly. So he sends it to a YouTuber by the name of Kim. Say he, we're gonna call him Kim. Now it is important to note, just like AK and just like Pan Kim is not really a good person. So AK who originally finds then blackmailed audio tapes, he literally, he knows that this is gonna hurt too young when he listens to it clearly. Yeah. But he's like, I'm gonna send it to a different YouTuber because I don't care. I want revenge on Jay. He posted a picture of my family, so I'm gonna, this is my revenge. Who cares if J Young gets wrecked for it? So he sends it to Pan, pan hears it, and he's like, wow, J Young is gonna get ruined if I release these audio tapes.


But literally I don't care because I just wanna protect my friends allegedly, that are part of this Ang rape case. So then he sends it to Kim, say he Now Kim is a crazy insane rightwing person. I I mean. He's described as ultra hardline conservative to the point where I think his favorite type of human is in cell. He's just truly a, I don't even know if I wanna call him fascinating or I don't know what the nicest word I could use that is not that nice. But he just cares about power and attention, and he's trying to break out into becoming a politician. He's like the incel king. I don't think he himself is an incel, but he is just kind of unhinged.


So one of the best things for him right now would be to get attention. It would also to be aligning himself on the younger kid's side. So he listens to these black male audio tapes and he's thinking, this is so fascinating. I think that if I post this, I'm gonna get a lot of attention. Because Gee Young is not a political person. She's only the most subscribed YouTuber in South Korea, the biggest YouTuber. And so if I release news and drama that involves her, I'm gonna get a lot of young people who might not watch my channel because it's too political for them to adult for them. This is gonna blow it up. I mean, who cares about hurting her? This is crazy because if I post it, my career is gonna get better.


Right, right, right. So he decides he's gonna expose then blackmailed audio tapes for the greater good. The greater good being him. Also, he hates ula. Yeah. Remember curricula, the cyber record that's pretty well liked, right? Apparently Kim allegedly tried blackmailing curricula once. Now this is a rumor, so take it with a grain of salt. But the rumor goes like this, Kim heard a rumor that the great ula, the people's YouTuber had dirt on another crypto influencer. And instead of exposing the crypto influencer for being a fraud, he blackmailed him. He said, Hey, I won't make a video exposing you and ruining your career if you give me money under the table.


Who blackmailed them? Ula allegedly. But then Kim, wait, so Ula, hold on, hold on. Ula also blackmailed people Is the allegation is a rumor. Now the rumor is that Kim heard about this. Wait, so everybody's blackmailing. So far every like every single person you mentioned so far, Everybody's a blackmailer. These like good, good Youtubers, wholesome justice warriors, they're blackmailers. That is so crazy. So This is like their process. If they find bad information about an influencer, it seems like the first thing they'll do is go to them privately and say, Hey, gimme money. And if they don't, they'll make the video. I dunno what to say.


This is, yeah, this doesn't even sound real. Yeah. Okay, So, So Kim knew that about him, Allegedly. And the rumor is that Kim then went to ULA and said, Hey, pay me money, because I know you asked for money from the crypto influencer. So the Chang of blackmailing, he Blackmailed the blackmailer allegedly. I don't know if it happened, I don't know if it worked, but if it did, this seems like a happy coincidence that Kim's Hehe can potentially take down a bunch of Youtubers in one swoop and get a bunch of attention to his channel. Why is this related to ula?


Because even curricula is part of then blackmailed tapes. What do you mean? I thought it was just two people. J and Jen, there's Multiple audio tapes and curricula is in one of them. Like all these one Justice Warriors are going down. I'm about to tell you July 10th of this year, like literally this month. then blackmailed Audio is released by Keem's Hay on his YouTube channel. Now the video states essentially that there are Youtubers famous for exposing criminals. But guess what guys? They themselves are criminals. Take a look. He releases the first audio tape, which is a phone call between Jay and Jen, the original two Youtubers. Jay answers the phone while recording the call, which is why we have the tapes.


And he says, oh, hey Jen. Hey. Is the meeting over Jay? Yeah, the meeting's finished. Oh, okay. So I was just calling to talk about the thing that I mentioned earlier about Ang. Have I mentioned this before to you at all? No, you haven't. I heard about it like three years ago and I've been keeping it to myself. But I think it's true though, right? Like what they're saying about Ang. Oh, it's not even comparable to what you think. Wait, what? Why is that? Because listen, Jen, if this news comes out about Ang, she's gonna have no choice but to retire. What? Oh, isn't this her about being from redacted?


So filling in the blanks, it seems like they're asking, oh, is this about her working at that hostess bar? And they state the hostess bar. Okay. To Which Jay responds, it's not even just about her working at that hostess bar she worked at Redacted and Redacted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. On top of that, there are rumors that J Young was a school bully. They briefly mentioned that the former CEO of J Young's agency and management agency is also in a bit of a scandal. Apparently the former CEO of De Young's agency is being sued for essay and for domestic violence. They also state that the two of them have some weird history.


Basically, de Young's management agency CEO was the manager at the hostess bar that she allegedly worked at before becoming a YouTuber. So they moved to YouTube together, like to the industry together. It's just confusing so far. Now Jen is asking Jay, because it seems like gin is asking Jay for advice. Like the conversation, it seems like Jay is the one with more power. Jay. Okay, now Jen asks, but isn't it better just to cover it up Fritz Young and get some money out of her I mean? To be honest, realistically, isn't it better to resolve this amicably with the current agency that she's working with and you know, rather than exposing it for whatever benefit that we might get out of it, out of a video, it can get very messy.


No. Do you think that they're gonna resolve it nicely? Jen I mean, me personally, I don't trust de Young I mean they'll probably give us a good cut since De Young is making good money, right? Yeah. But I can't trust de Young. I'm afraid I'm gonna eat the money and get drunk. That's how he says it. But I guess a better translation would be, I'm afraid of getting burned after taking the money. But the, the verbiage that he uses in Korean is really aggressive. Almost like a kind of a gangster verbiage. But he's talking very professionally. It's like, I eat the money. And I get chia drunk.


It's just a very gross, Okay, so Jen is saying, should we just get the, get some money out of this? Yeah, he information, he's almost, he's talking to Jay as if it's a win-win situation too Young gets to keep her career and we make some money. Come on. Like, why wouldn't anybody want this? Why wouldn't too young want this? Mm. Like everybody comes out on top and Jay is saying, I don't trust her. I don't trust her. I'm scared that I'm gonna take the money and some shit's gonna go down, basically. And Jen is like, but we know what we know and it's huge. Right? I mean, can she even refuse then blackmailed request. So isn't it better to just take a few thousand, 10,000, 20,000, just clean $10,000, $20,000?


At least He's saying maybe even like a hundred K. Whoa. And just take it very cleanly. That's crazy. But why do you say that you can't trust Jiang? I'm afraid she's gonna back stab me later. See, that's, that is a problem, actually. I guess that is an issue. Honestly, Jen, I'm pretty good at this. I've done this before. I'm really good, to be honest. That's how I bought my car and stuff. Wait, who's saying this? Jay Under underdog. Jay is saying that's how I bought my new Genesis GV 50 or something. GV 80. By blackmailing mailing others? Yes. Wow. And he says, when I do this kind of thing, I can just feel it.


You know, this person, that person, whether they're gonna give money or not, how much they can give. I can kind of sense it. You feel that De Young is gonna give the money cleanly or she's gonna backs stab you later and you feel like she's gonna backs stab you later? I mean I'd have to meet with her in the agency in person to really know. To be honest, I don't think so. They seem like people that are crazy about money, if they can't make money anymore, that's gonna be very bad. I think they're gonna try to prevent the exposure of this news by any means necessary. And you know, I've got a lot of expenses coming up these days too. So it might be the time he's like, I have some bills to pay. Yeah. And the two of them continue to talk about how Tang got caught for tax evasion to which gin continues.


I mean Ang just seems shady no matter how you look at it, but her image online seems to be so well crafted for people. So I'm thinking, I was trying to make contact, right? But if you expose Jang, if you make a video on Tang, my negotiating power with De Young side decreases. So I just wanted to discuss it. He's like, Hey, this is what he's saying. Hey, before I blackmail de Young, can you let me know if you're gonna make a video? Because if you expose the news, then I can't really blackmail her for it. It's now public information. Crazy Underdog. Jay is saying, I don't know. First I need to meet with them in person to know if they're safe or dangerous people. And he says, but I'm gonna make a video in advance.


Wait, really? What? What do you mean? Now Jay goes on to say that he's gonna make a video and unlisted onto YouTube. So what that means is he's gonna film a YouTube video. Like from start to finish. Hi, my name is Jay, the YouTuber, welcome to my YouTube channel. I'm exposing to Young today. He's gonna edit it, post it onto YouTube, and in the video settings of YouTube, you can make it unlisted. Now, unlisted means if I send you the link, you can watch the video, but it's not gonna show up on anybody's subscription tab. It's not gonna show up on the homepage of anybody's YouTube or on the mobile app. Invite only Video. Yes. Invite only through the link. So he, he says he's gonna make an unlisted video because he says, I've experienced this before.


Okay, if I request an interview with a YouTuber or with an influencer or a celebrity, you know, then they're gonna make the first move confessing and explaining while playing on emotions and crying and trying to be the victim and spin the story their way first and all of that fricking crap. So he's saying he's gonna have a video locked and ready, So if they don't cooperate, he will release it right away. No, he's saying if I reach out to Jang and her agency Mm. She might be like, oh no, he knows I gotta make a video first. But if he send a video to them directly Yeah. Say watch what I have. Yeah. And if they don't respond, then he can make it public instantly. He doesn't have to.


That's crazy. 'cause the amount of time for him to press a few buttons to make it public versus they have to come up with their side of the story, sit down, film a YouTube video, edit it, and then put it post it online. The time difference is different. I can't believe this. Yeah. And Jen is confused. Is GI Young really that type I mean? I don't think that GI Young is gonna be able to resolve this information with just emotional appeal to her viewers and explanations. But Jen, did you know this De Young is paying two girls she used to work with at the Hostess bar, $4,300 each totaling over $8,000 a month. Hush money. They work at the hostess bars.


When you say Hostess Bar, is it? So They say Room Salon, I opted to say Hostess Bar. 'cause Room Salon in South Korea is very much implied that it's a bar that involves sex work. Mm. Which is ita, which they call like second level and Hostess Bar is kind, you know the bars where they spend time with the clients? Yeah. Yeah. But it's, it's not guaranteed that there is after activities. She worked at a room salon. She stated that she never engaged in sex work. So, but they keep referring to it as a room salon, which the heavy implication is that it's almost guaranteed sex work.


So I'm saying hostess bar, she did not engage in sex work, but she did work at a bar where it does involve kind of entertaining customers and pouring their drinks and spending time with them versus just like a bartender. Here. I mixed you a drink. Okay, next. Hmm. I see. Yes. And Jane is so confused. Oh my God, really? She's paying these girls hush money. Amazing. Wow. Okay. But look, so De Young's company is doing this because she's still making a lot of money and it's more profitable for them to pay hush money, right? And Jay says, you know, for example, let me tell you what I'm scared of, right? If this breaks out, they're screwed. Okay? But if I get sued at worst, I'm gonna get a fine of maybe like a few thousand dollars.


So De Young's company is doing this because she's still making a lot of money and it's still more profitable for her to pay these girls hush money, right? Underdog. Jay says, okay, let me break it down for you. Right? Even if I get sued for blackmail, okay, at worst I'm gonna get a fine from the government of maybe a few thousand dollars if I wanna do this big, I would say, in my opinion, we should get at least $150,000 in cash from J Young to keep quiet on this. $150,000 in cash. That's really good. That's good. I don't know, but I, I, again, I'm not usually someone who takes this kind of thing. So don't misunderstand too much. All of a sudden Jay is switching up.


He went from, I bought my car from Hush money to, I don't really ever do this type of stuff. Wow. But Jen is just ignoring him. Jen is like, I think it's actually a lot more practical and better for both sides in this case. I mean, I think it's gonna help de young in her image if none of this gets out and it's gonna help us get some money. And I just feel like it's kind of a no brainer. Underdog. Jay is a little bit more pessimistic. I just have a feeling D Young is gonna backs stab me. Okay? I just have a gut feeling. I'm anxious and I'm afraid. But I mean Jay, if they backs stab us, how are they gonna back stab us? Like sue us file charges, report us. It's not about suing. I'm afraid that they're gonna expose us like, oh Jay, the YouTuber ask me for money and it is blackmailing.


You think they do that? Then we need to choose our words carefully. Yeah. I'm, I'm afraid that those bastards might say that I asked them for money. I mean. Well Blackmailer is saying, oh my God, they're gonna call me a blackmailer. Oh no. Oh no. And Jen is like, well, I mean if they start trouble with you, then it's obvious what we're gonna expose them for. See, that's what I'm anxious about, Jen. That's what I'm anxious about. Because once this gets gets a little bit of exposure, people are gonna be like, oh my God, I bet Jay asks other people for money. Hasn't he done this before? I bet he's done this before. And then this kind of conversation continues. I mean truly. I've never taken money to attack someone or turn a blind eye on something. I mean. I have received money before from people, but I gave all that money to the victims.


So I'm gonna make a video first and then maybe I'll give Ji Young and her agency a call. Yeah. That's the plan. So regardless of his gut feelings, I guess he's gonna go through with it and he's gonna call GI Young and try to blackmail her. And Jen is like, okay, sounds good. So after this phone conversation, the implication is that Jen is just following Jay's lead. Jay's gonna do all the work for the both of them, and J is gonna get a cut of that blackmail money. Yeah. Now in the next phone call, Jay informs Jen that he talks to J He's like, I talked to her agency. I didn't talk to her directly, but I talked to her agency And. I wasn't able to get $150,000. I was able to get $7,000.


J is like seven. Wait, that means they did successfully blackmail them. Yes. That's Prison jail. Yeah, that's, And he said, I got seven And I can give you $2,000 because you have blackmail of her working at a hostess bar. I've got crazier blackmail on her that I'm not even gonna tell you. Yeah, it's crazy. So I'm gonna take five. You are gonna take like $2,200. And Jen is like, I mean, I'm just so surprised it's so low. But Jay is explaining to him, I mean I wanted to get more, but if I do De Young's probably gonna get beat up. Beat up. Yeah. This is the part where people are like, what does that even mean? Right. What do, what do you mean?


And he goes on to say, also I heard her story and she was like, they were just giving me her backstory and it's kind of sad. I kind of felt bad for her. Again, what does that mean? And so all I did was ask for like $7,000 and I'll give you about 2 20, 200 Gin just goes along with it. And he takes the money. And the truth is, Jay actually received a lot more than that. He received tens of thousands of dollars more than that. He took like $40,000 from Jiang Crazy. And only gave gin too Crazy. These people are crazy. Yeah. Like the shadiest of the shadiest people. Oh Yeah. It's really bad. Like they don't like, they're constantly trying to one up every single person around them.


Yeah. And trying to freaking scam, blackmail, extort. Like just do everything. Like I don't think that they understand what a normal relationship with anybody is. It seems like they're literally vultures. Wow. Yeah. Unbelievable. The next audio clip is of curricula the pretty well-liked cyber record that helped with the Posan au kick case that helped with the parasite actor case. Yeah. And Jay Underdog, Jay, the two of them are talking and he's warning Jay. He's telling Jay, if I were you, I wouldn't go against J Young I mean, just think about how valuable she is to YouTube as a platform.


I mean you're, you're not really just going up against J Young. You might be going up against YouTube at that point. Like that's a little bit I mean. He's saying from a YouTube standpoint, J Young is a giant that gives birth to Golden eggs it so it's better not to mess with it. So He's saying, telling him like not to blackmail J Young. Yeah. Jay is like, IM about to blackmail J Young and correct Ula instead of being like, whoa, yeah, why would you commit a crime? Yeah, I'm gonna expose you for committing a crime. He's saying I wouldn't do that. I just think she's not the person to do that to. She's way too big on YouTube. All it takes is probably one call from her to her YouTube manager and your channel is demonetized and These people's logics are crazy.


Yeah. So he basically tells Jay, I would weigh out the options, you know, future monetization on all your videos or whatever number you're asking too young for. It's gotta make sense like you're risking your whole YouTube career. This number better be good then. Yeah. I have no words. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Wow. All for what? All because J Young used to work at a hostess bar. Is that really what they're blackmailing her for or is there something else?


I am the most indecisive person ever. If you ask me what I want for dinner, my immediate response is you pick. If I'm forced to pick dinner with a group of friends, I'm going to overthink every little thing I'm considering whether my friends have any allergies, dietary restrictions, if they have any cuisines that they don't even like or what they ate yesterday, because do you want Italian or Korean food two days in a row? The same goes with choosing outfits for special occasions. I mean put me in any situation where I have to decide something. And I will probably struggle. But there was one decision that I made with no hesitation because when I started my online store, I knew what I wanted to use and it was just so easy. There's no hesitation when you work with Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. Whether that's from the launch, your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to, did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. It doesn't matter if you're selling handmade bath bombs or your own custom jewelry because Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify even helps you secure more sales by turning your browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout there, they're 36% better on average when compared to other leading commerce platforms, they even make selling so much easier. All thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star. It helps you generate product descriptions, curate an email response for you and just so much more. If you need something done, Shopify can get it done. We use Shopify when we were running Grandpa Mango Store and it was the easiest, best no-brainer decision I've ever made. It's why 10% of all e-commerce in the US uses Shopify. They're the global force behind brands like Allbirds, Roth's, Brooklyn, and and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for our $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash rotten, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash rotten now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in. Shopify dot com slash rotten.


My dog Mango has been with me through some really crazy times in life. I mean she's been with us for the past 10 years. If you guys dunno, mango is my little French bulldog with half hair. Okay. She is fuzzy only half the time and she is literally the glue of my family. I have quite literally named an entire podcast in a YouTube channel from my dog Mango. She is the reason that these channels exist. But three years ago, mango was diagnosed with this autoimmune disease and she was always at risk of excessive bleeding. Her fur was falling out in clumps. It was, it was a pretty stressful time in my life. I was constantly emotional about Mango being in pain and then I would be get so stressed out every time I started going over the Vet Bills. Every time we took her to the vet, it was like thousands of dollars because her condition was so difficult to treat. And I am just so thankful that we had savings to cover it. I wish I had known about Spot Pet a few years back. It would've just eased so much of that stress. Our partner Spot Pet Insurance is here to share a message today on how they are a secret weapon against the unexpected. Because with Spot Pet Insurance, you can get up to 90% cash back on eligible vet bills. Our dogs are always there, For us during our hardest times and we need to be there for them too. Go to spot pet.com today and get a quote instantly. Visit spot pet.com. Paid Dad from Spot Pet Insurance Waiting Periods, annual Deductibles co-insurance Benefit limits and exclusions may apply. For all terms, visit Spot pet inns.com/sample. Policy insurance plans are underwritten by either Independence, American Insurance Company or United States Fire Insurance Company and produced by Spot Pet Insurance Services LLC.


Back in 2020 there was a huge YouTube scandal, so there's so many scandals involved. Okay. In 2020, there was a huge YouTuber incident in South Korea and it was the biggest topic at the time under the table ads. Now it was revealed that a lot of the top Youtubers in Korea were not disclosing their paid partnerships. They were getting paid in cash in higher sums to just pretend like they naturally like something instead of stating outright, Hey, I do in fact like this product, but just to let you know I am getting paid. So like, you know, that could obviously sway the way that I say things, but keep that in mind. Okay. Instead, these top Youtubers would act like they themselves chose to spontaneously talk about this one product that they are just so head over heels for just over the moon for, and the, these brands have no idea, they have no involvement in any of of the things that they're saying.


And then They would get a bunch of cash under the table for it. Wow. Another huge Munger Eat With Bookie was involved in that scandal. Yeah. And this YouTuber named Champ PD went out on a live stream and he was just so fed up With all of this. He was talking about how truly being in this industry, he's seen so much of every single YouTuber, of every single size. You could be talking a thousand followers, a hundred thousand followers, a million followers, 10 million followers, and they're all taking under the table ads. Champ PD was very open about the conversation as he felt that it was very unfair to viewers. He said that they were being deceived by the people that they watch. Is he another expose channel?


No, he's like a food reviewer. Oh. He's not he's, I wouldn't really call him a Mukbang, eh, I guess he's kind of a muck banger, but he goes to more like restaurants. He's a foodie. Oh. And he's talking about this, like, is he exposing the issue or he's commenting. So A lot of muck bunkers were exposed for it, so he was commenting on it. Oh, because he was like, yeah, I mean I, I've known about this. And it's just so frustrating because, but He didn't do that? No, no. Oh, okay. And at that time, he listed a few names, and Jiang was on that list of names, and he says, I can name them all. You know, the Korean YouTube industry is a mess. They're all guilty of con, completely manipulating their subscribers.


Immediately after Champ's live stream, all the Youtubers that he stated had to post apology videos. But later Jiang went on to post that. No, I never did any under the table advertisements. And maybe Champ PD got the wrong information. Maybe he didn't realize that, or maybe he didn't do his research. So regardless, this whole situation was a mess. And it's important for later. So keep it in mind. But Champ PD had to post an apology video, and then he posted another video next to ung. The two of them filmed a video together. Hmm. So he had just accused her of doing under the table advertisements. UNG said, I never did that. And the two of them sit together and UNG can barely hold her head up.


All of her hair is covering her face. She can't even look Champ PD in the eyes. She looks terrified for her life, and he apologizes to her on livestream. He even bows to her. Champ PD was heavily bullied after accusing one of the biggest, most beloved South Korean Youtubers wrongfully of shady business practices. His family was followed. He was bullied for years, and someone literally threw a rock at him on the street because they hated his guts. So now people are listening to this blackmail audio, and they're thinking, okay, so she worked at a hostess bar. Is there more like, what else is going on? Is this even, is this the bigger scandal that they're referring to, that everything's getting redacted?


Is she doing under the table ads still? Is this the scandal that she has to retire from? Like, what's going on? What does underdog Jay keep alluding to? Because remember, underdog, Jay wouldn't tell Jen what he has on J but he kept saying, it's big. It's big, it's big. There's more than that. Yeah, there's more, more story. He's like, oh, it's more than the room salon. Like if I tell everyone what I know about De Young, her career is over. Okay. So people are like, does it have anything to do with the 2020 ad scandal? Like, what's going on? A few hours after Kim posts, then blackmailed videos on YouTube. De Young goes on live. She titles the livestream. I will tell you everything right off the bat in the video, you can tell that she's not the happy, bubbly self that she normally is, which is fine, considering it's very tough topic.


I mean she's accused of a bunch of things. But you know, obviously there's, there's something more in her demeanor. She seems really anxious and nervous. She keeps rubbing her palms together in almost like a self-soothing manner. Like every sentence, she'll just kind of rub her hands together as if she's trying to comfort herself. And she's trying very hard not to cry. You can tell that she's clearly taking this incredibly seriously, and she's trying to be as transparent as possible. I mean, she almost sounds like she's nervously rambling in the beginning. Her voice is shaky and sore, like she's been crying all day. And she states that she wants to address this because it's becoming a bit of an issue. It's a bit rushed. She doesn't have her thoughts collected or together or anything.


Nothing is organized. But she feels like she needs to be the one to tell her viewers herself. She said, I know I turned on the live stream a bit rushed. It's a bit sudden. But anyway, I still think it's the right thing for me to do. To tell you quickly, she said that she doesn't have a script. She's just gonna be talking from her emotions. And she has a few things she wrote down so she doesn't forget to share it. I don't even know how much I should share or where to start, but I have this thought. I think it's right for me to tell you how it all started and how it all ended. I think that would be the right way for me to handle it. So yeah, from beginning to end, I'm gonna tell you my story. And she starts talking, not about tax evasion, not about under the table advertisements.


She starts talking about a previous relationship that she had been in. She's taking a year off of university. And she met this guy. At first it was really nice. The relationship spiraled pretty quickly. He was treating her very well. He was kind. They just kind of clicked. But soon after, he got very violent. And when she's talking about this part, you can tell it's still very fresh. Like the trauma is very strong. She keeps choking up and she has to stop multiple times to collect herself. And she keeps apologizing. Like, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm gonna try and be clear with my words. She starts talking about the abuse. She says it was like hell on earth for her.


And she says she took a leave of absence from university. She was trying to make money, and she meets this guy ton. And very quickly he gets violent and she immediately decides the minute he gets violent, the first time I'm gonna leave, I'm not gonna stay with this. Someone like this, I'm not gonna put up with this, but when she tries breaking up with him, he laughs and shows her his phone where he has a video of her, an intimate video, oh my God, that she did not know. He filmed. And he basically told her, you break up with me And. I'm gonna spread this everywhere because you're not gonna break up with me. So from there, he felt like he held all of the power. She said that after that attempted breakup, I got hit a lot. There were things that it just felt like hell, he would grab an umbrella and start hitting her or whatever.


Innocent random object would be around blunt objects. He would just start beating her with it, which would explain why her bruises were not necessarily like circular. 'cause if you were to shield yourself with your arm and someone wax you with an umbrella, it could be a little bit more straight. Right? And a bit of a bigger blotch. Wait, so this is when she was already big on YouTube? No, she is in this relationship before YouTube, and it continues for years during her YouTube career. Okay. So very quickly, she said that he dragged her to his place of work, which was like a hostess bar, and he was a manager, and he said, you're gonna be one of the girls here.


You are gonna be pouring drinks and you're gonna be flirting with male customers. Now, Jang said there was no sex work involved, or at least she didn't participate in sex work. And she said, at the time, while being beaten, he just forced me. He told me, you need to sit and pour drinks for customers. Just be the conversation partner. So at the time, I did the job of sitting and pouring drinks. And I couldn't tell my friends about being threatened, so I didn't even tell them what I was doing this job. And some people found out, I told them it's because I wanted to. It was just really for a short amount of time, not that long at all that I worked at that bar. He took all the money that I earned and kept dragging me around every day. And I told my ex-boyfriend. I was really sorry, but I couldn't do it anymore that I wanted to stop.


But again, he used violence and threatened to tell my family everything. So I couldn't resist. And he kept trying to gaslight her into going to work for the seedier bars, basically trying to get her to engage in sex work. And she kept saying, I don't want to, and he would explode at her. Well, how are you gonna make me money? Then that's when T Young thought of doing, the only thing that she could think of a while before this, when she was still in class, she didn't have enough money for food, and everyone around her knew that she could eat. So they told her, Hey, you should try Mukbang. Like they're killing it online these days. Everybody's doing Mukbang. maybe you can at least cover the money for food. Right? She said, she told her boyfriend, I, I can try live streaming to earn money.


I can try it that way. I can eat a lot. She starts her YouTube channel because of him. She said, I was beaten in the house that I did my very first broadcast in. She said, for many years of her YouTube career, for four years, she had been a victim of essay, illegal filming, dating, violence, blackmail, and extortion for four years. She secretly went through all that abuse and was blackmailed. Her boyfriend took at least $3 million of YouTube earnings because she very quickly rose to fame. The boyfriend took all her earnings too, Practically all her earnings over the span of four years.


Wow. Yeah. Yeah, it, he refused to let her go. She said, I was beaten twice a day. I did videos while being beaten Every day, even after the videos, he hit my body saying my face would show signs of abuse. He took all the money that I earned from my first broadcast. My boyfriend would hit my body just to make sure that nobody can tell. And it was, I didn't even have enough money to order the fried chicken to eat during the videos, like she was left with nothing. I do think that her YouTube channel was a double-edged sword. Yes, she was doing this to make him money, and he was holding that as control over her. But at the same time, she stated she really loved doing videos.


She really loved the mongs. She said it was really the only thing in her life that she enjoyed. Even if he was taking all the money from it. She said, I love, I love doing the video so much. And I would be so happy reading comments, and every time I would do it, and every time I would read the livestream comments, it was just so comforting and it made me so happy that I think that I was able to endure it for so long. I mean that was truly the biggest thing for me. I just loved communicating with viewers so much. And I wanted to keep doing it, and there were a lot of things that I couldn't tell you guys about, but I'm really so grateful to those who supported me. And. I just was so grateful beyond words. Eventually, as her channel exploded, he wanted to find more ways to monetize her.


Basically as his captive, he created an ad agency, a management agency where he was 70% owner and she was 30% owner. He would take 70% of all of her earnings without doing any of the work, which 30% of millions of dollars is still a lot of money. But she barely saw that too. If he wanted more money, which was all the time, he would just take it. It's unclear if she even consistently saw anywhere near 30% of her own earnings during the time that he was in control. And this is really strange, but he would even give blackmail material to his friends on Ji Young and tell them, Hey, if you ever need money, blackmail Ji Young. You're Kidding me. This is, Yeah.


What the, He's letting his own friends make money from her by blackmailing her. It's so strange. She was blackmailed by his friends to the tune of $150,000. She did everything herself, filming, recording, eating, editing, everything. He did nothing on top of that. Any advertisements, like sponsorships, she would see zero revenue, zero. She said, as my broadcast grew bigger and became more successful, my boyfriend created that agency, and at the time, I signed that very unfair contract where 70% of the profits went to him. I didn't even have my ID card. My boyfriend didn't even follow the contents of the contract.


So really, I didn't receive any of the advertising revenue. The reason that I didn't think of resisting at the time was I was so ashamed that if anything negative about me was revealed, I just, I just wanted to not be mentioned anywhere anymore. I was just really young and naive at the time. So it's fascinating because you would think that originally, once she starts getting a little bit of recognition on YouTube, she would feel a little bit more free, but it was actually a bit more daunting because the idea of something negative being released now there's more people talking about it. It becomes a conversation and the pressure of that, I don't even know, on her scale, her scale is insane, but even on a smaller scale, yes, it's a lot like, It's like millions of people already know you, and that's millions of people will judge you rather than Like Yes.


Or be disappointed in you, a few thousand people. Yeah. Or feel like you harmed them or feel betrayed by you for whatever reason. It's just so much pressure that she starts feeling like this pressure to Yes, be the person that her audience wants her to be. Yes. Yes. When behind closed doors, so much is happening that nobody knows about. The channel did grow to the size where they did need to hire full-time staff, which is very reasonable in South Korea. Even smaller Youtubers have like a full team in Korea. It's a very common thing. De young hires a production team, and her ex has no fear, no shame in beating her in front of them. He would just beat her if they tried to protect her or break up this one-sided violent fight, he would start smashing cameras and monitors in the set, like in the room.


How has nobody like reported? Because again, T Young didn't want them to. Mm, I see. I see, I see. She would beg him and she said, and because these things were happening, I really couldn't endure it anymore. So recently I begged my boyfriend to leave saying I would give him all the money that I had, all the assets, but the answer I always got back was, it's not enough. That's what he always said. For four years. He always said things like, you know, you're broadcasting because of me, right? All your money is mine and everything you're you earn in the future is mine too. Eventually he starts threatening to kill staff members to have more control over her. I'm assuming by this point, so originally maybe the first few years of her YouTube channel, she's feeling that pressure and it actually becomes more of a chain to him that she doesn't wanna disappoint her viewers.


But I think at the end of the four years, whether it's her being emotionally fed up, physically fed up, or perhaps her YouTube channel has grown to the size where maybe it's giving her strength, like maybe her viewers are giving her the confidence that she needs. It feels like he senses, he's losing his grip on her I mean, sure he has blackmail, but it's, she's kind of becoming a bit of a wild card. She's the name, she's the face of the brand. She could run away and try to expose him for the truth, or she could be so fed up that she's ready to burn the house down with both of them in it. She could be at the stage where she's like, who cares if we lose it all? Let's lose it all together.


He seems nervous and he starts threatening to kill her family, her friends, and even her staff members. If she doesn't do as what he says, she tries to pay him off to get him to leave her alone. And he refuses. She said that is where she drew the line, because at this point for the past few years, she had desensitized herself to the threats, even the physical violence. She was so desensitized. She was so detached from it, but her employees were like her family. She did not want anything to happen to them, and they were the reason that she felt like she could fight him. She said, they said they couldn't stand watching us, that we should file a lawsuit together, that I could quit broadcasting even if they lose their jobs.


They didn't care. And, I. I told them, no, it's too painful for me to fight right now. And I don't wanna do any of this. I begged the employees don't do anything. Okay. It's okay. It's really, it's gonna be okay. But they cared for me so much. They didn't even talk about things around me to avoid hurting me, and they were so careful with their words, and they always did everything for me. They were like family, And, I didn't wanna quit because, because of them. Honestly, even though those days were like hell, I was still so happy with the employees who loved me and stayed with me. And. I loved the love that I received. I loved it so much when viewers liked me, to the point where I wondered if it was okay for me to even receive this kind of love while I was hiding everything behind the scenes.


But now there's nothing that I'm hiding anymore. Yeah, everything's out in the open. This is her livestream. I'm gonna try and endure as much as I can for as long as I can. I don't wanna ever bring harm to the employees who treated me like family or their families by hiding and quitting. My broadcast is not gonna solve anything. So no matter how much I'm cursed at or I'm hated on after all of this, I am going to endure it for as long as I can. J Young's lawyer was on the live stream with her, and she stated that they have a mountain of evidence against the ex-boyfriend. She said Jang suffering was immense, and the evidence is extensive.


There are over 3,800 files containing details of her victimization, and as a criminal defense attorney handling many cases, this one was shockingly severe. She also briefly mentions how when she first started taking on Jji Young's case, Jung was too scared to do anything to even talk to her. She had to talk to Jji Young's staff. Wait, so Jung has decided to go after the ex-boyfriend? Yes. Is that why the lawyer is saying that? Yes. Now Jang says, so only recently was I able to become independent like this And I just, I don't wanna be known in this way, even if I'm a victim, I still did bad things. Right.


So she's saying she still technically participated in under the table ads because her boyfriend forced her to do it. Oh, so she did do it. Yes. But earlier you say, Oh, we're gonna get there. So she's saying that she did things that she probably shouldn't have done in her career because her boyfriend forced her to. Okay. And so she's saying she still wants to be held responsible, and she did do wrong. She is owning up to that, and she says, but I think I always had it in my heart that someday I wanted these things to be revealed. That's why I turned on this live stream so quickly today, because I haven't been free from anxiety for the past five years, and now I have the confidence to speak about it.


I think many people will be really disappointed about me pretending to be okay all this time. I'm sorry for hiding all of this. I really just didn't wanna talk about it online. So I'm sorry if you feel like I was hiding a big part of something from you, I just, I'm really sorry. And. I regret my actions and choices. I'm sorry. The one thing that I always tried to live by was don't harm others around you. So never, not even once. Not even once have I ever harmed anyone. I've never done anything violent or anything like that. So I mean, even when I was harmed, I endured to never harm others. She ends the live stream by saying thank you. I tried really hard not to cry while watching the supportive comments, and I'm really thankful.


So thank you, thank you, and thank you, and I'm really grateful to each and every one of you. Okay. So she went live because the recording of then blackmailed. Yes. Conversation was released. So everyone is like, she worked at a hostess bar. She did tax evasion. What is this other thing that underdog Jay is talking about? Like what did she do that is so bad? Oh, so then she goes online and is like, Hey, I need to tell you my story. First of all, this is why I started YouTube. This is what's been happening behind the scenes, and there have been instances, maybe we did evade taxes like the management company did, but it's because it was out of my control. Oh, So she's saying like we're looking into it.


I don't know. I didn't have any control at that time. I don't know what he did with anything. Oh, I see. I See. It was literally just like forced to make videos. So like I don't know what to say. Okay. So now people listening to this, they're like, oh my God, I didn't know. Yeah. Sue Young is being controlled and abused and Yes. Essay by ex-boyfriend. Yes. And beaten like right after she stops filming her videos every single day for four years. Okay. So that was the biggest news. I see. And as for her ex-boyfriend, is he in jail now? That's what everyone wants to know. Is he in jail? What happened to him? Well, no, because he's dead.


According to De Young's, attorney de Young filed a lawsuit against her ex-boyfriend for habitual assaults, threats, injury, and extortion, as well as coercion and violation of the Sexual Violence Punishment Act. De Young was seeking $3 million in settlement funds stating that is how much he took from her YouTube career. She's not even asking for more money. She's like, Hey, just give me the money that you literally took from my career. And she wants out of the unfair contract where he gets 70% of her earnings for the agreed upon amount of time. So de young states that she never ever wanted to file a criminal complaint against him, but like she said, he was trying to threaten to kill her employees, so she had to draw the line. She contacted attorneys lawyered up, filed the charges.


There were two lawsuits against him. One of it was criminal, so the prosecutor's office was looking into him for his crimes. And then the other one was civil, which is between two parties. He was facing $3 million in settlement funds that he had to repay back money he did not have, because apparently he was blowing it all after stealing it from Jiang. And two, he was facing up to five years in prison for all of his crimes. Now, the cases were both closed, the civil and the criminal lawsuits because he self exited. We don't know too many details about his self exit, but we do know that he passed away with his mom. This is very interesting.


With his mom. Yes. So we know that his mom and he died around the same time. Both of them died in cars, but there's no further details, whether it was a car accident, whether it was carbon monoxide poisoning, it's unclear. And they weren't even in the same car. Hmm. Yeah. So he self, So they say he self exited. Why? Why? Oh, he just couldn't handle it. The idea He couldn't handle the lawsuit. Yeah. He couldn't handle the idea that he was facing five years in prison. His name was about to be disgraced, and he owed her over $3 million. Really? And it's fascinating because Jiang was in a living hell for the past four years of her life, getting beat twice a day with an umbrella and the first sign of something difficult, such as, I don't know the consequences of your own actions.


He just could not handle it. One EZ in wrote the fact that that man crumbled instantly. But this woman stayed strong though through it all shows how amazing that she is, how resilient. He ends up self exiting with his mom. So the cases are closed and nobody really found out about it. This was a while back before this blackmail tape was released this year. Hmm. Like perhaps a year Ago. Did he, did she release this information or her Attorney did? Oh, Her attorney released this information. Huh. So after all of this is revealed, de Young starts clearing things up and sharing her side of the story. And most people, I would say almost all people were very supportive of De Young.


They just wanted to help in any way that they could. Her subscriber count searched over 200,000 new followers in 24 hours after her initial live stream. One comment reads, just give life sentences to those trash who blackmail with sex tapes. Thank you for never giving up in your life. You're stronger than anyone I know. Thank you so much for enduring all of that. Take a good rest and we're gonna be back. When you get back. We will all be waiting for you. The former agency, CEO, is really a terrible person dying by self exit without facing punishment. Horrible human being. I hope he receives burning punishment in hell every single day. But a few ENTs were focused on something else. They were asking, wait, then who the hell is the leak?


So if the ex-boyfriend is dead, who reached out to all these Youtubers to give then blackmailed material, because they're thinking, okay, if the ex-boyfriend is alive, But what? What are they even trying to blackmail her with? They're saying basically she's like doing illegal that She worked at a hostess bar in the past, that she is potentially evading taxes because that's what the boyfriend was doing, and that she was probably still doing under the table ads, even though she said she wasn't in 2020. Mm. I see. Wow. Like who Would reach out to these Youtubers like Jay and Jen and give them these materials if it's not the ex-boyfriend?


Because the ex-boyfriend is dead A while back, maybe a year back, de gets a call from an attorney and he tells j Young's agency, he doesn't meet with Jung in person. He meets with her producers and he tells the producers, I'm starting a new business. I'm gonna be selling air fresheners and maybe some deodorant. And I would like this to be promoted on the biggest channel in South Korea. I want J Young to endorse my products. The producers are looking at the attorney like, first of all, what do you know about air fresheners? And second of all, I mean this just does not align with j Young's YouTube channel. It's just so what is she going to do? Be eating Korean barbecue and then show off the air?


It's just a little bit weird. I don't think that she's gonna feel comfortable. And he says, okay, yeah, no, that's completely fine. So instead of promoting my business for me, I just want you guys to pay me about $1,200 a month for the indefinite, foreseeable future To attorney. Yeah. The attorney is like, Hey, promote my product for free. No, you don't wanna do that. Okay, then you pay me forever or until I say I don't wanna be paid anymore. Okay. So he gets paid $1,200 a month in total. Jiang paid him $17,000 because why?


Because this attorney is one of the few people that knows the truth about Ji Young's ex-boyfriend and the whole situation with him, because this attorney was Ji Young's dead boyfriend's attorney. He is here to blackmail her. Yes. A fucking attorney is a blackmailing her. Well, he says it's not blackmail. He said that he signed on. That was a retainer. He was providing advisory services for Zang. This. Okay. What in the world? Attorney Cho Uck is the attorney fr d Young's ex-boyfriend When D Young sued her ex-boyfriend.


Yeah. He hires Attorney Cho. Yeah. Attorney Cho takes on his case. He knows all the information. Of course he does. Between the ex-boyfriend and d, young ex-boyfriend dies. The attorney goes to Jiang and is like, Hey, my new business promote it. I don't even know how to like process the level of fucked up of this situation. Yeah, No, I Like number one, you are attorney. Number two, you represented a abuser and you lost the case. Like your client was a fucking trash. Yeah. So like he's evil. Yeah.


But you turn around, you're like, let me harass the victim even more for more money. Yes. Like I don't even know how to process how fucked up this is. Yes. But it's gonna get even worse because a few months prior to him approaching De Young and her whole company to promote his new products, he anonymously emailed a bunch of Youtubers tips on Jang anonymous leaks. For what reason? We don't know. This is crazy. This, this doesn't even sound real. Like every single dude Yeah. In here is trying to blackmail her. Now, this is the public's perception.


Of course, he's an attorney. What is he gonna do? Blackmail me. Okay. So basically this is the public's perception of what the attorney did. He goes to these Youtubers emails, these anonymous tips, because I will say that one reoccurring theme in today's case is it appears that some of these men just have a chip on their shoulder that a woman is doing better than them. Because truly for this attorney, I don't know why he would email these anonymous tips to these Youtubers, because what does he gain to benefit? He's anonymous. He's not making money. So he emails Jay, he emails Jen and is like, Hey, here's some insider news about Ang. And then for months, they don't do anything because they're colluding onto blackmailing her.


Okay. Oh my God. Time passes. And the attorney is like, well, I got nothing out of that. And Ang is doing better than ever, and I'm starting a new business, so I'm gonna ask her to promote my business. Oh, she doesn't wanna promote my business. Then maybe she just pays me money in cash. Wow. So just to recap all of this, okay, young meets a guy. He forces her to make money for him at a hostess bar. She refuses, he beats her blackmails her keeps her in this relationship, this violent relationship. She starts a YouTube channel to make him money.


She ends up becoming a successful YouTuber. He makes millions of dollars, steals it all from her doing none of the work, and then finally gets what's coming to him. He gets sued. He hires an attorney who does all of this, that emails to Youtubers about all of her scandalous past these two Youtubers start talking about how they're gonna get money out of De Young. Then another YouTuber stumbles upon these audio tapes of them committing a crime, and he hates one of those Youtubers. So he sends it to another YouTuber. That YouTuber is like, you know what? I don't want people talking about Mi Young, so I'm gonna use this to cover that up.


Sends it to another YouTuber, and that YouTuber goes, you know what? This could be good publicity for my channel. I'm gonna post it. And what's crazy is all of them knows damn well with the, that she's, she is, she didn't do anything wrong. Like she's a victim in this story and posting this is something that she didn't want this to be public. No. And it will ruin her whole life, period. Yeah. And truly like what they gain from it is so stupid. Publicity, revenge on your little emotional beef between you and your buddy, oh, sorry, you're friends with essays. maybe you shouldn't have been.


Like, what is, And this piece of audio get passed by so many big Youtubers and all of them, None of every single time you think one of them is gonna come to their senses and try to do something about it, whether it's go to Tang herself and say, I have this. maybe you need to take this to the police. Maybe I can take it to the police with you, right. Or something. No, they, they look at it, they hear it, they see all the trauma, and they go, you know what? How can I use this to benefit myself? Whether it's because they wanna get revenge on a former friend, whether it's they wanna help their friends cover up their essay crimes of a middle schooler, whether it's, they just want publicity for their political career, whether it's they want money like a woman's life and career is a complete afterthought.


She is just collateral damage in their hysterically emotional games that they're playing. The anonymous Tipster attorney, Troy made a statement on his blog after all of this was exposed that he is the leak. He said, hello, this is attorney Troy thinking about the Jay incident and the audio tapes makes me angry. Reporting tax evasion was a public tip off that I made to a YouTuber, but I didn't expect it to be used to extort money from the YouTuber. So he's saying, I told Jay about tax evasion, but I didn't expect him to blackmail J Young. Geez. Wow. Yeah. I'm just, wow. He Said, there are many parts that are not true to this story, but regardless of the reason, I'm sorry I can't go into specifics, but it's frustrating that for years events have become fixed as being true.


Based on a few phone calls with me. I intend to live humbly, I will provide free legal consultations and support for those in legal blind spots. My office is always open, so please feel free to reach out or visit. I'll offer a warm cup of coffee and assistance to those in need And then get blackmailed. Oh yeah. By your attorney. Yeah. That that's what anybody, well, again, if you go to this person, forget Attorney-client privilege. Yeah. He will black me blackmail you for money. Yeah. And guess what? Attorney Choi sue us. Okay. Which I don't know if he has a fan or likely he wrote this comment himself, but there's a comment under that blog post that reads, don't leave malicious comments here.


You will be reported. The attorney responds to that comment. I don't plan on reporting anyone. I would rather use that time to work for the public as if he is this holier than thou true public servant of the year. But that's not even the unhinged part. The unhinged part is that before he was outed as being the anonymous tip sender, he wrote an article about J Young's case when it exploded. Right? When then blackmailed Tapes came out, he wrote an article about it because everybody was talking about it. He wrote a legal article acting as if he had no connection to this case. He wrote in this instance, would a crime of defamation be established? There are two types of defamation, defamation under the Information and Communications Network Act and defamation under the criminal act.


He's literally acting like a random attorney online that's giving their input on this mainstream media news that's unfolding. Hmm. It's absolutely unhinged. I mean. Edison's commented on this whole situation of him being involved saying, I feel so bad for Jang. There are so many people attacking her. And do you think that even a lawyer is doing it I mean? How many people are trying to bring this girl down? Why are there so many old bastards trying to get something out of her? It's fucking scary. Ridiculous that somebody works so hard to become an attorney and then leaks information to Youtubers. Why are there so many trash crazy people out there? Even this attorney is crazy. Yeah, exactly.


I feel nauseous thinking about her case. How many people are trying to get something out of a 20 something year old girl I mean my heart truly hurts. I applaud Jiang for getting the courage to speak out about it. I hope the rest of her life is filled with just good memories. I mean. It's so sad that we still live in a world where everything a woman has worked for her career, her success, everything means nothing to anyone. As long as someone thinks that they can call her a slut or has some sort of weakness about them, I mean I don't understand. And to think that she is the most powerful YouTuber in South Korea makes us all more depressing.


Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home and unbeatable 5G reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home yes, Cool. Or Attending one live, no, you can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at cox.com/internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises via coaxial cable. Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G reliability as measured by okla LC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary, not in endorsement of the restrictions apply


This season. Instacart has your back to school, as in they've got your back to school lunch favorites, like snack packs and fresh fruit, and they've got your back to school supplies like backpacks, binders, and pencils, and they've got your back. When your kid casually tells you they have a huge school project due tomorrow, let's face it, we were all that kid. So first call your parents to say, I'm sorry, and then download the Instacart app to get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. All school year long. Get a $0 delivery fee for your first three orders while supplies last, minimum $10 per order. Additional terms, apply


One of the main Youtubers who are involved in the initial phone call. then blackmailed calls Jen. He makes the first apology video. This is not the main guy underdog. Jay. This is Jen. So he's like the one calling like, oh, that Got like $2,000. Yes. From then blackmailed. Now it's an apology video that he starts off by basically stating more accusations and just baseless rumors against young. He's like, by the way, I also received other tip-offs that her voice is so raspy because she throws up after every video and it's like, what? What are you doing right now? And he's, I don't think he can help himself. He, no. He says it as if he's just being so transparent and stating the facts of how everything went down, but it's so clear that he's hoping to cause more harm to de young.


Yes. Or he's hoping that this will be the main conversation that people will talk about. Yes. Yes. Like he, I, I think he said that because he truly believe that this will discredit her, like this will make her seem like a liar or a fake person or whatever it is. Like he does not feel sorry. He still trying to find a way to wiggle his room out of this. And what makes it even more disgusting and vile is like, this is not true, by the way. Like she has multiple times had public doctor's checkups where she's like live streaming doctor's visits. They are testing her. And a lot of the doctors have even talked about, very few people have conditions where they don't metabolize the food well, so they don't actually consume the calories if that it's like in and out type of vibe.


Right. Even if this were true, which it's not, even if it were true, the fact that he thinks that the public will hate on her rather than feeling sympathy towards someone who potentially might have a condition that they are battling and struggling with is crazy. Yeah. He's trying to manipulate the Audience. Yeah. It's like, what are you doing now? He thinks that this is gonna steal all the attention away, but it's very hard to do when the rest of his video is a dumpster fire. He explains how he received a tip off a Bat Young in 2020, and he thought it was credible. It didn't really align with the content that he was producing. He was producing like, Hey, this video is manipulated and staged. He wasn't really an expose Social Justice Warrior Channel talking about how Youtubers are committing tax evasion and working at hostess bars.


Is This from the attorney? I'm sorry, the tip off? Yes. It appears so. It's unclear. He states it was from a former roommate of J Young's, but I'm not sure. Mm. Could be the attorney, could be a former roommate, but if it is a former roommate, that's even more depressing that there's just more bad people involved. Yeah. Yeah. Oh My God. Because there's also the two girls at the Hostess bar that are forcing her to pay hush money. Remember? So there's just like literally, her whole life is just being nonstop blackmailed because of what? Because of a violent ex-boyfriend who blackmailed her, and then everything just starts spiraling and she becomes this target for everyone. Yeah.


He said that he didn't have direct evidence. It was just an anonymous tip off. So he really hesitated on making a video for it. He said for the next two to three years, he went through a lot. You know, he closed down his restaurant and he moved to, to, and while talking to people in to, he just kept hearing very negative things from other Youtubers about Ji Young. And he said at the time, I believe GI Young and her former boyfriend were on the same side. That they were both tax EVAs and just bad people. And I would say that my financial hardships and my negative perception of J Young and my assumption that other Youtubers like Jay had taken and extorted money from other people, it made me think, is he really that bad to take money from a bad person?


This guy is out of this world delusional. Like he, Yeah, he said that he would hang out with the record union, the Youtubers and They would always joke about how they need to stop eating money from all the people that they're extorting as a joke and that like he, he we're gonna go to hell if we keep extorting people. He, he so funny. And he said he would always go home after these dinners and think to himself, wow, these people just make money so easily. And here I am like, what am I doing with my life? It's so hard for me to make money. And he thinks that people's gonna feel, understand him and feel bad for him. Precisely. It gets worse. He said, I started thinking to myself, it's not that bad since she's already a bad person.


Right? He goes on to state, guys, this is not a pity party. I'm not sharing all this information to like cater to emotions. But one time I went to a wedding, my friend's wedding, and this friend of mine was a very, very close friend who would help me through all the hardest times in my life. And in Korea you give a tig, which is straight up cash, instead of giving gifts, usually you give up cash in an envelope. You walk into the wedding and there's a person with the table and a stand, and they have this li little list, like a guest booklet, and you write your name down and you write the amount that you're giving to the couple. And. I didn't have enough money to give money to my best friend during his wedding.


And. I even got this text message from him, and he puts a text message on the screen, and it's his friend saying, Hey, chin, like, did you forget to write your name down on the tig gum? Like guest list? Basically saying, I was too embarrassed. And I was in so much pain that I couldn't even give money to my best friend for his wedding. A friend who really helped me through everything. What? Yeah. How is that? How is that our problem? Also, What does that have to do with Anything? But why do I feel like, okay, explain to your friend then, or like even if, if it really means that much, like, I don't know, $10, $20, or whatever it is, like, Or how about this, get a job.


Like, you don't have to be a YouTuber, get a regular job. Yeah. Like, I don't know, it just seems much shadier than, yeah, if this is your best friend, He says, look, I'm not trying to give you guys the pity party with these stories. I only wanna share my full story with you. This was the situation I was in at the time, which is just as goofy as Goofy gets. He continues, I succumbed to the Temptation. And I contacted Jay while I was talking to him. I was thinking about arranging a meeting with J Young's agency, but Jay told me that he was gonna handle it. So I never actually met up with the agency. Eventually, I did receive extortion money about $2,200. This was the first and last time I received money with Ill intentions during my time on YouTube.


He also tries to use the fact that he got such little money as a point that he's a good person. He said at the time, my only thought was, I guess I'm not getting a lot of money because she's already being extorted by so many people. He continues, because it was his very first time blackmailing someone. He's a good person. See, it's his very first time. He wasn't even really sure how much to receive, like how much you would even ask for. So he just like took 2200 thinking, okay, I guess that's what the market is, Which is just, I'm, I'm smiling Because this is like, This is almost, he's doing our job. He's Like, like dumb and dumber, like, he's like, like a criminal, but like so dumb and Yeah, like I'm smiling because it would've been really annoying if he was so smart that he was actually able to use his evilness to convince people that he was somehow not this bad person.


Right. But he's just so dumb that he's sitting here digging his own Grave. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy. He genuinely thinks stupidity and that it's his first time doing something is something to be proud of. He argued, you know, if I had felt good about what I did, I would've just continued blackmailing other Youtubers for money. But instead I didn't do that. I tried to create different types of videos that you guys might like. Like I put a lot of energy and effort into pivoting my content because he's basically saying he's struggling to make money on YouTube, and instead of blackmailing more Youtubers on top of J Young, he was like, I didn't really feel good about blackmailing her. So I just like, as you can see, I focused on pivoting my content, As you can see.


Huh? Yeah. He continues. I did not fully recognize that she was a victim that suffered for a very long time. Okay. So this point is fascinating. In then blackmailed calls, they talk about how De Young's ex is accused and charged with domestic violence basically. So clearly they know that she's a victim in some capacity, and they also talk about if I asked for more, she might have gotten beat up. See, that's the thing. It doesn't fucking matter. It, yeah, it doesn't like, like he still don't realize, like, it doesn't matter who they are. You don't fucking blackmail people. Yeah. That's just, that's crime. You go to jail. Yeah. So why are you keep talking about all the bullshit. Just own up to your mistake. He won't. Yeah. Like, he's like, he refuses. He's like, oh, this.


And he states, you know, I wrote it off. I wrote all of those conversations off of, oh, it probably wasn't that bad. Like most people, couples, they get into these passionate fights. Like maybe I, I just thought like, that's what's going on. What's going on? Passionate fights. He's saying, I didn't think that his, I didn't think that j Young's boyfriend was actually abusive. I thought that they just would get into passionate fights. What are you saying? I deeply regret not resisting that one moment of temptation and making a wrong choice. I'm learning firsthand that committing bad deeds comes with significant consequences. Now, this next part of the apology needs to be studied by the American Psychiatric Association and placed into the DMC six or something, because I, I don't even know how to describe it.


He says, but regardless of the situation, the fact that so many people are supporting and rooting for Ang now is such a relief to me. I know it really isn't my place, but I hope that Ang will continue with her success and not be burned by others and will be happy. He said, in light of the situation, he does try to look for the silver lining of things, and he gets to defriend all the cyber records. You know, he didn't really wanna be friends with them anyway, so this is a good way for him to not be friends with them anymore. He also had this image on YouTube, he said that made him uncomfortable. You know, people thought he was kind of this moral guy, good guy, and it was a lot of burden for him, and now that reputation is gone.


So, and he was also trying so hard to hide his financial wreck status from everybody. But now that's out in the open as well. So, wait, wait, I'm so sorry. He say people thought I was a good guy, and that's burden burdensome to him. Yeah. To like live Up to this standing. Well, well, must be a really fucking shitty guy. Yeah. To be burdened that people thought you were a decent guy. Yeah. That is crazy statement to be made. The fact that he's, he's, I can't believe people think I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a good guy. Like I'm, I'm evil. So the fact that I, I was stressed. Now that everybody know that I'm evil, I feel relieved. Okay. 'cause I am evil now That you like pointed out that way. Yeah. No, it's, yeah, That is crazy statement.


And the Fact that he is like, I was trying so hard to hide the fact that I was broke from everyone, and now that that's out in the open too, it does feel better. He's like, it does feel like a weight has been lifted off of me. I really think that he needs to be studied by the American Psychiatric Association. Yeah. Wow. He also states that the video was uploaded a little later than he wanted because for the past few days, since all of this news broke, all he is been doing is sleeping. He said, it's not because I was talking to Jay and Ula and trying to figure out how to get our story straight, or trying to figure out the best way to play this. It's truly because every day, for the past three days, all I did was avoid reality.


I slept all day. I ate just one meal a day. The just eating one meal a day. He also says it like everyone is going to fall to their knees and start babying him in the comments. Like the way he says it is very like hunky, like one meal. ENTs naturally wanted to light his apology on fire. It feels very much like he's trying to justify his actions because he believes other people are so much worse than me. So I'm okay, because remember, this is the guy that runs the YouTube channel figuring out which videos are staged or manipulated. It's called Uck, and One Net is in comment said, why couldn't you detect the Uck of Jay receiving $39,000 and burning your life for just $2,000, bro.


LOL mm. Jay received $40,000, basically. Okay, but lied about receiving $7,000 and gave you like 2200 LOL. Another comment reads, I don't know at all that you're struggling financially. Like, I don't care. Why are you explaining it in such detail? Wedding gift, money. Ha ha ha, ha, ha. What do you want me to do about it? Why are you, why are you selling your feelings? Ha ha. Another one reads, so what he did throughout this whole video was, one, I didn't know. Two, I didn't have money. Three, it's my first time. Okay. Four, I'm being treated unfairly. Five. I'm having a hard time. I only ate one meal.


Six. I'm not that bad of a person. Yeah. That's basically what he said. Yeah. Another net is in comment, just reads Honestly, he just seems like the biggest idiot out of the three. Yeah, that too. Yes. Now Jay Underdog, Jay goes on to address the situation through a video as well. If he were to sit there and tell you on camera that he sprouted a second nose on his forehead, I believe that would hold more truth than the video that he actually posted. The whole thing smells like bullshit. Also, he uses Jung crying from the livestream in his thumbnail, which like, okay, fine thumbnails, but why is he doing that? It's so bizarre. Is this, is he apologizing or no?


I think there is a fine line between confidence and pure delusion. I think Jay has never even seen that line because he's so far deep in d Lulu land. He's sitting with confidence in front of the camera and with his full chest. He explains, this is not a case of J Young being blackmailed by me and by YouTuber gin. This is a case of two scam artists, YouTuber, ak, and YouTuber Pan. The first two that received then blackmailed footage. So AK gets it from Jay's phone and gives it to Pan. See, See, see these people, all of them are pointing finger at someone else. Yeah. And saying that. No, they are the messed up one.


It's so bad. Yeah. First, AK the YouTuber, former friend of his, took his phone and illegally obtained a copy of the audio Second pan, the YouTuber allegedly using his story to cover up for his alleged essay R. Friends involved in the MI Young 44 case. This is them. Okay. Speaking of the title of this video is I will report AK and Pan for their second assault incident against JI Young. It's not an apology. It's, yeah, it's a video about AK and Pan. He says, this is truly about how they victimized Jiang a second time. This is not about him. This is how they illegally obtained recordings to expose private matters, to open j Young's wounds.


Just to what? Explain themselves, feel better about themselves. Get revenge to cover up from me Young 44, he states, I indeed did in fact receive money from J Young. However I did it. I received the money to give it to other Youtubers who are blackmailing her. I am the middle man. I was gonna use $40,000 that she gave to me to give to Youtubers who were trying to make videos on her so that they could keep her past a secret. I was like a consultant. He said that on the phone call with Jen, the audio that was released, I had to pretend to be the bad guy in order for him, my God, to confess all of these things.


I don't know what to say. Wow. I had to guide them into believing that this was all they could get and that I was on their side. Okay. Does he think we're dumb? Yes. Absolutely, because he says it with his full chest for 20 minutes straight. I just wanted them to leave her alone and once they get their hush money, they'd be gone. I just needed to act like one of the bad guys. I acted like a double agent. That's what I was doing. I got money from J Young, not because I was blackmailing her, but because I was a double agent. He said, if he needs to apologize right now in this situation, what he did wrong is he failed to protect j Young's.


Right. To keep her pain's hidden. That's what he said he did wrong. He couldn't protect her forgotten rights. I mean you have to give it to him. He's fully committed to his stupidity. He is married to this dumb story. This is his story and he is not backing down. He said he received an anonymous tip about Z Young's past. We now know that anonymous tip to be the ex-boyfriend's attorney, but he received it and he said that he would normally ignore stuff like this, but it seemed credible. And the anonymous tip Star was able to provide incredibly specific details, claiming that De Young was forging documents, accusing her ex-boyfriend falsely of domestic violence, bullying small businesses, used to work at a hostess bar doing all these things that go against her image of being this nice girl online, which I mean you would expect him to immediately as a cyber wrecker, make an expose video on D.


Right? Well, he said it was odd. The way that the anonymous tip was written was almost like a step-by-step manual on how to film a YouTube video. It was basically like step one. This is what it was just so organized so neatly. You know what that made me think of? I thought the attorney shared that information because it's almost like, Hey, you make YouTube video on these people. Let me give you this information and you maybe can pay me money or whatever as an exchange. Right. But instead he shared that information anonymously. Yeah. So he's not getting anything in return. Exactly. So it's this ticket. He's just trying, he's just trying to ruin her. Yeah. That's all. And then he is like, well, she didn't get ruined, so I might as well get some money out of it.


Yeah. That's fucking evil. You know what, Sue me? This is my personal opinion attorney Troy. I think that he is just very upset that a woman is doing better than him. Yeah, but look at why she's doing better than you. You are an ass attorney. Wow. He said it was like a step-by-step manual on how to get the most damage on J Young in a YouTube video, essentially. It felt very odd. It felt like a script was handed to him basically. So not only that, but Jay's fellow, YouTuber friends, other cyber records were calling him up and they all had gotten similar emails from Aek, but they were about different crimes that J had committed crimes. Right? So all of them are getting information and he reaches out to Jji Young's agency to tell them, Hey, these are so oddly specific.


I think you got, you got a mole on your team or something. Someone that works with you or used to work with you is out here sabotaging you. This is his story. This is fake, I think De Young and her agency. Ask him for help to find the identity of the anonymous tipster and to figure out all the Youtubers that are foaming out the mouth to incorrectly expose on these things. And Jay's like, you know what? I will help you. I will take you on for quote risk consulting. So he takes $40,000 for his risk consulting services. That's what he says. But it's very much likely it was just blackmail because they did need a contract and they can't write blackmail on the contract.


Yeah. So they wrote risk consulting for $40,000. Yeah. What are you talking about right now? Yeah. And he starts reaching out to all the Youtubers that received anonymous tips to see what they were gonna do with the information. And he said the controversial recording that YouTuber gin happened while I was building rapport with these Youtubers who had negative feelings towards J Young to obtain all of this information. All the information I gathered was handed right over to j Young's agency at the time. I foolishly thought that paying Youtubers was the only way to stop them from exposing J Young and making videos. I even used my own money to pay. I paid some of these Youtubers with my own money, and then when I didn't have any more money, that's when I reached out to De Young and they gave me money 40,000 to pay.


Wow. Wow. He's still trying to be a hero, Huh? Yeah. And he said, I just feel bad because I haven't been able to perform that task properly, obviously. So therefore I will return the full amount to Jiji as soon as possible. He states, I'm sorry for not being able to protect Ji Young's right. For this incident to be forgotten. What I'm clearly stating is I swear to the heavens that I have not done anything to be ashamed of And. I will do my best to stay by Jiang side to protect her rights. Let me say this again. I have not received any money through shameful means, nor have I acted in a shameful way. Please just wait one day. Just as always, I will come out as the winner in the end, Which is his version of events.


It's a bizarre hero, complex trope at best. At worst, it's fully Revictimizing J Young and spreading lies to Claire's name so that he can continue making dirty money. And Zens were confused on how someone could be so confident stating such a bold face lie. They commented. So in conclusion, he did not expose Jung himself, but instead received $40,000 to help make sure nobody else exposed her. But because he was recording himself and gave his phone to his former friend, ak, who along with Pan revealed the audio recordings, he accidentally appeared like the bad guy while everybody else caused Jung's secondary harm. This is just like the most co winky dink oopsie. I'm actually not the bad guy story.


Am I getting this right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. He also posted pictures of the contract for risk consulting that he has with j Young's agency, and a few medicines pointed out the contract date for him receiving money from J Young to help her and her agency figure out who's spreading these malicious lies was February 27th, 2023. The audio recording of him and Jen plotting to Blackmail de Young is February 20th, 2023. Wait, say that one more time. What? He signed the contract with De Young's agency seven days after then blackmailed audio tape. So, right. He's like, no, I was pretending to be bad on the audio tape to build rapport. It's like, Yeah, yeah. So he is already working for Ji Young before he's working for Ji Young, because he said that it was only after talking to Jung and finding out the truth, he felt like, oh, I'm on her side, I'm gonna help her.


But he hadn't talked to her yet. Yeah. So what does any of this mean? ENTs have commented on Jay's very fascinating brain and how it should be studied. They commented, it costs money to protect her painful, forgotten rights. Eh? Is that why you blackmailed her? I guess it costs $40,000 to protect someone's rights. Now, another ENT pointed out, it seems like he's playing both sides. Maybe he initially made it seem like he was the good guy to j Young's people till they found out that he wasn't, which is honestly worse. Right? So he might've, he might have not been like, Hey, I'm blackmailing you. Ah, he might have told Jang like, I'm gonna help you. Right. Which honestly is worse, Right?


Yes. Oh my gosh. Yes. That makes sense. They say for Jay, it seems at best if we say it as nicely as possible, he's basically running a racketeering scheme forcing businesses to pay him a protection fee to operate. Hmm. Yep. Another medicine just said A double agent, please go see a therapist. But also, if Jay's story is true, why did Z Young and her attorneys file a complaint with the sole central district's prosecutor's office against Jay Jen and the no longer anonymous tipster? Another thing that's very fascinating about Jay that people have pointed out is that none of this would've been known had Jay not recorded all of his calls with other Youtubers.


But it turns out he was so deep in the business of blackmail and extortion that he recorded basically every phone call just in case he was so desperate to be able to blackmail them one day to have leverage on them, that he was willing to record himself committing a crime. One that is in comments. If you're gonna record yourself blackmailing someone, maybe learn how to take care of your phone a little bit better. And that's so fascinating because I'm assuming AK made a copy of Jay's phone probably with blackmailing intent. Yeah. At right. Like, why the hell would you, your friend, you, you're digging for some something. Yes. To blackmail someone. So all of these people are just, the shit is of The shittiest people.


Yeah. Another one just said, I think Jay should be eradicated. We should just douse him with pesticides and get rid of him. Ula broke his silence. This is the one that gave advice. He is like the more well liked cyber record. Mm. I wouldn't say he's like Beloved, he's not like J Young where most people like him, but he was a little bit more well liked. He did have previous controversies, but you know. Yeah. Okay. He was the one that gave advice that J Young is the golden goose that lays the golden eggs. So maybe don't blackmail her. Mm. He broke his silence after the whole incident and he posted a paragraph that reads, I had a fever in the morning and last night. So I took some medicine and fell into a deep sleep.


I woke up this morning to 40 missed calls and my YouTube channel filled with hate comments, and I'm all over the news as if I'm a son of a bitch who took money under the table. I'm not sure if this is a dream or reality, but my head is in a daze this morning. I'm not sure if this is revenge for my coverage on another incident that I think Kim and Jay didn't like, but he writes, Jay and Kim, are you sure you can handle this war? It seems like he's mad at Kim because he's the one that exposed the audio. He's mad at Jay because they were supposed to be friends. But then he recorded the whole conversation and that's the recording that was leaked in the first place. And he said, you guys want war? He writes, are you guys ready? You can handle this war. Are you sure?


Because the person who has nothing to lose isn't as scary as the person with a lot to lose. Who's willing to lose it all? He posted a threat, I swear on my two sons that I've never received any dirty money. This is the only thing I'm proud of as a YouTuber, which is like, the bar is so low, I'll be putting a pause on the scheduled content and quickly return with evidence proving my innocence. Please put your neutral helmets on viewers and wait for me. I'm not gonna go down like this for whose benefit. Then he posted a YouTube video stating that he is being slandered accused of being a blackmailer. He says in the video that he did not receive a single scent from Jung. He ends the video by sending a public request to Jung and her legal team asking for help in resolving how unfair he feels this situation is.


Medicines obviously do not like this. His request in and of itself is ridiculous. What do you mean you're sending a public request? Why should she do anything for you? Why should she give you the time of day? Why are you putting the responsibility on her? Yeah. Soon afterwards, curricula has announced his retirement in a YouTube video. He said, after being active as a YouTuber for the past five years without rest, I am stepping down to convey my sincerity. All recent allegations are my fault. I foolishly responded by involving innocent kids out of fear after being accused of being a blackmailer overnight. If I had known about j Young's heartbreaking past while talking on the phone with Jay, I wouldn't have spoken so lightly about, you know, blackmail her, not blackmail her.


Even if it was a personal call. This was inconsiderate and wrong on my part. I have never conspired to threaten or take money. I really hope everyone believes me on this. He tries to explain one time that he took money and Wait, wait. I thought he said he never took money. He says it was not blackmail money. Kind of. He said, okay. It's somewhat paraphrase for clarity, but he said that he was receiving money from a person known as Suit who's currently in prison for fraud. He said in 2021, my channel was about cars, which is why my channel name is Ula car and Dracula combined and it was not about social issues back then.


I introduced suit to another businessman and the two of them were going to raise money for a new business and they gave me $22,000 to provide media attention to their business. I use that money personally. What the So you took money? Yeah. And you spend the money personally, you stole the money. Yeah. That supposed to be for marketing and you used it to do your own. Like what? What? But he's justifying it by saying Suit's business turned out to be a scam and he's now in prison. Ah. So that makes him innocent. Got It. Yes. Because you know if they're bad people. Yeah. So that he didn't take the money. No, that's okay. Yeah, that never happened. It's like two negative sequel or positive.


Right. Okay. And he says A is also on trial for a crypto related case. So you know, and he said, I wanted to hide all this, but I won't conceal my crimes anymore. And. I will fully cooperate with the investigation. If I'm to be punished, I will accept it willingly. And, I'm truly sorry. I have ruined myself and Will for the rest of my life, live in reflection and repentance. The prosecutor's office came out with a statement that they will start actively reclaiming revenue earned by Youtubers through spreading fake information or malicious content. YouTube has also demonetized most of their channels. ula Gin and Jay's YouTube channels demonetized. Wow. Yes. So that means YouTube has officially got involved.


Yes. Because it goes against their partner program policies and you have to be a YouTube partner to monetize your videos. What part goes against, like what did like is it blackmail? Yeah. Goes against The policy. It's like the crime and Extortions. So after he got demonetized he say, I retire. Yeah. Like a lot of them just retired after they got demonetized. It's the vibe. It's not you. Okay. You got fired basically. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And the prosecutor's office is saying that they're going to be reclaiming revenue earned by Youtubers that spread fake information or malicious content, which on surface level sounds great because if they can reclaim some profits, maybe they can give it to the victims.


Some medicines really supported it initially, but it's too good to be true. Right? Other medicines are concerned, they comment, in other words. Sure. This case, but think about all the other cases. In other words, all channels the prosecutors find offensive will be considered criminal channels and they can claim profits from them. So They have control. Yes. And another comment said, there's so much room for this to be abused. If the prosecutions can claim profit as proceeds of crime for defamation, it means they can pressure the political channels that criticize the government or their work. Yep. Another comment reads, so they wanna bully Youtubers who talk shit about them. And they're using this case as the excuse and the example. So it's getting very messy.


The Bar Association is investigating Attorney Choi the one that leaked the information to the Youtubers. Some people say that he might not actually get in any trouble because technically there is no attorney-client privilege since a, the client is dead. Additionally, he did not leak any information that I guess is unfavorable to the dead client. And Ji Young was never his client. He also signed the contract with Ji Young to be her advisor after he already leaked the information to Youtubers, which is morally even more disgusting, but legally it could help him is what a lot of medicines are concerned about. And this just feels like a case of a bunch of men feeling like they could take a piece of J Young, that they're all just trying to exploit her weaknesses.


Yeah. Her victimization to further victimize her. Like they look at this successful woman who has already been victimized to hell and back and they think, how can I get something out of her next? Exactly. One that sums it up pretty well. And they say, fuck. So de Young was simply in the middle of a fight amongst nasty ass men. And yeah, I will say this case made me lose a lot of hope in men. Except remember Champ PD, the YouTuber who in 2020 was talking about all the under the table ads? Well, the truth is, J Young did do Under the Table ads at the time because her boyfriend had forced her to Champ PD made that video where he exposed J Young of doing it.


And after that video was released, j Young's ex-boyfriend called Champ PD in the middle of the night and stated that, yes, J Young did take those ads, but I'm gonna kill her And, I'm gonna kill myself. And Champ PD is like, what are you talking about? And he is like, unless you can help me put an end to this, we're both gonna die. Wow. Champ PD lies on camera. After that he posts an apology video where he says that his information was wrong and Jiang did not take under the table ads. He goes on a live stream with Jang. And even though he wasn't wrong, it didn't matter to him because j Young's life was in danger.


I don't think that he knew that the ex was abusing Jang to that extent. But clearly he's a very scary person if he's threatening to, you know, self exit with her. He just thought, I can't let her die. And so in that video where he po, he apologizes tot young, they're both sitting at the table and T Young is crying. She's very emotional and it makes him appear worse because a lot of the comments at the time said, look at everything he's putting her through for what? Fake information. He just wanted to spread lies on women. And the truth is, Jang was so sorry that he was doing this for her and terrified that her boyfriend was gonna kill her and emotional about the shitty situation that she was in.


That she couldn't even look at him. And she, because you know when you're so guilty and you feel so bad, someone is doing this for you. And like basically ruining his career for her, she couldn't even look him in the eye. At one point he bows to her apologizing and you see her almost shake her hands like this. Like, no, no, no. Like Don't bow to me. Yeah, Like don't bow to me. Like, no, you didn't do anything wrong. But she can't say anything because her ex is threatening to kill her. He continues to apologize. And during that time he received over 80,000 malicious hate comments. And he had, he was physically assaulted a viewer threw rock at him on the street because they hate him. He was just the most disgrace YouTuber for a long period.


And he never said Anything. No. And Giang was able to gain her career back after that because people actually rallied behind her How? And, and this information was shared when By another YouTuber who seems to have audio conversations between them. I don't know if a friend leaked it or something, but there's a phone conversation after all of this and it's Champ PD talking to De Young. And he basically says, it's okay because I was able to save someone. And. I'm a business person. So even if I don't do YouTube anymore, I will make a living doing something else. And Jung is profusely apologizing to him and he just tells her, you don't have to worry about me.


How's your health? You don't have to feel guilty. It's a happy ending if you keep brightly doing your broadcast for the fans who have been waiting for you. I'm much older than you And. I have a lot more experience in society. And. I can endure it. I hope you stay healthy and you spread your positive energy to others personally as a fan, I would love to see you broadcast again soon. 'cause she keeps apologizing and he keeps reassuring her. If you keep worrying about me and thinking about the attacks on me, everything we've done becomes meaningless. Okay? That just makes it harder for both of us. Just take care of your health and stay mentally strong and don't pay attention to the trolls and haters. You have lots of good fans around you and fans who truly love you.


You felt that a lot, right This time you felt the fans love. So stay strong. Okay? I want you to do well J and rest well and make sure to eat properly. Okay? Thankfully, he's getting a lot of love now. I don't think he's addressed the situation at all. He's just posting his little food review videos and people are like, how can there be such horrendous people on the same platform as too young? And Ede and Young's team, they seem like her protectors as well. They never really get the recognition 'cause they're behind the camera. But it seems like they were the ones that gave her the strength to even get an attorney.


And j herself, she is a survivor. While all these other men involved I mean, I don't know. I don't think that there are acceptable words in any language to describe what they are to them. They see a woman's success and they can only think, how is that gonna benefit me? How can I take that from her? How can I get a piece Back in 2021? And this makes me even more upset. Annette isn't even suspected that something strange was happening with Jiang in 2021. They wrote in an online forum. Jang seems a bit naive. I don't know something about her videos. It feels like a bear that is doing all the work while someone rich behind the scenes is making all the money.


I mean. Have the people that work for her and her channel, have they ever been revealed, like her business? Who is their manager? Does she have some sort of agency? I don't know how else to put it. It just feels like she's doing all the work and someone else's profiting. The comments on that post in 2021 were flooded with Disagreers. They said, I actually think it's the opposite. I think it's her trying to be perceived as naive. Honestly. I think she seems more calculating to me. She's a bit more of a fox than a bear. I think she's really good at manipulating her viewers and making it appear that she's this innocent girl. But she's a crazy, clever cunning business woman. She's very manipulative as the feeling, not naive.


Another comment, I think the op is more naive. She's not naive. Trust she's making money. It's crazy how even when someone notice something odd, the comments are not even giving the idea the time of day. They are so quick to say that a successful woman is manipulative, sneaky, cunning, manipulative and all these things and that she's pretending and acting and she's pulling the wool over on her viewer's eyes. Yet maybe she's just a nice girl who really enjoys food. Okay? And maybe she's going through a lot behind the camera One, potentially comatose net is in comments, and this is after the abuse was made, public dung got involved with the manager of a hostess bar while working there LOL.


That's why she's willing to pay and cover everything up with money until this incident broke out. Jiang stopped trying to cover up your establishment work history, With, all of this. What forced work are you talking about? Another comment, let's be real. Jiang met her boyfriend while working at the room Salon, LOL. You're saying the ex-boyfriend forced her to work. Don't make up stories now just because he's dead. Another comment reads, honestly, this whole situation can be summed up like this. De Young comes from a room salon background. She endorses violence because she loves a guy and even tolerates being secretly filmed in sexual situations without pressing charges. She and the others are all birds of a feather. Another comment reads, what's so great about De Young that she's allowed to destroy so many people around her.


She should have behaved better from the start and none of this would've happened. Another comment rates. I find everyone hard to believe Jay because of his past controversial behavior. But even too young, I wonder if we can truly trust her just because what A few tears and a few pieces of evidence. Another one reads, if you look at this closely, de Young was blackmailed about her past, but instead of reporting it, she gave money. It's clear there's probably something bigger she wants covered up. Wow, her ex self exodus. So if de Young says she's the victim, then the story is she's the victim. To me, they all just seem like the same kind of people. One comment from Ji Young's video reads, from now on we ban your, I'm sorry, those who should apologize are walking around with their heads held high and why is the victim apologizing?


Let's stop doing that. So I would say that most people are supporting J Young and they're rallying around her. And we don't know if she's gonna come back soon or later with her regular content. But I hope she is doing well. And that is the very complicated case of J Young. I did see some coverage of the case in English. And I do think that the biggest element of the case obviously is t Young's story and her abuse. But I think even the re-victimization of then blackmailed and just the series of people, because her ex-boyfriend, I'm so sorry to say this is dead. And. I think that that can give closure so that he can no longer hurt more victims and victimize other people and continue to victimize Jang.


Whereas these Youtubers, they're very much around and they can victimize more people. Yes, they can continue doing these deeds. And I think that that, yeah, and they have influence. People listen. Exactly. Yeah. And they have money it seems so I do think that that is something that needs to be talked about. It's not just her ex-boyfriend. It is a series of really bad people that took advantage of Jiang. What are your thoughts on this case? Did you know that it went this deep and this dark? Lemme know in the comments. I'm sorry if it got a little bit confusing. And stay safe. I will see you in the next one.