
Ramble temp check. What kind of summer are we having this year? A family road trip, summer, A beach bump, summer, or wake me when the sun set. Summer with Instacart. Choose your own adventure and skip the shopping side. Quests where available. You can get ice cream delivered to your hotel, sunscreen to the pool, or cold brew to your bed. Well door in as fast as 30 minutes. Wherever you find yourself this summer, you can get the goods. Download Instacart for free delivery on your first three orders. Offer valid for a limited time. Minimum $10 per order. Excludes, restaurants, additional terms and fees. Apply. Bad, bad. April 7th, 2022. Dr. nfa, or as her patients call her, Dr.


Nandi walks into the morgue. She's walking past all the guards through the hallways. I mean it's not like it's her first time here. She's gonna be very quick in and out, get what she needs and get out the morgue. That's the plan. Most of the staff, they probably already know Dr. Andy, so that's gonna make things a lot easier. They don't know her because she works at the morgue though. It's not like she's a doctor that closely works with the deceased bodies. Like a forensic pathologist, Dr. Nay is actually a celebrity doctor. She provides nonsurgical solutions like Botox and chemical peels to some of the top celebrities movie stars of South Africa. And almost like in the K-pop world, some of the K-pop makeup artists or the hairstylists, they go viral and they almost become a celebrity in their own right.


And that's what happened to Dr. Andy. She's a very well-known figure in the area. So what is she doing in a morgue? I mean the dead typically don't require facelifts. So she walks up to the desk, pulls out this official documentation from her purse. I'm here to pick up my father's body. Dr. Andy does not hold a funeral for her father's body. Instead, very early that same morning, she parks her Porsche and has a very discreet burial. She buries her father in a very private, nobody else is invited, only she's there to watch the coffin drop into the ground. But. within a few weeks, she's back at the morgue again, picking up another body, and she's having another discreet, very private, quiet burial with nobody in attendance.


And then like clockwork, she's back at the morgue again, picking up another body. Hmm. Now it's getting a little bit suspicious. What would a famous aesthetic doctor that caters to celebrities have anything to do with these random bodies from the morgue? Or is everybody around her just dropping dead? Authorities will eventually dig up her father's body, and when they open up the coffin, they find that it is filled to the brim with rotting animal meat. What another body that she picked up would be found in the river with a mortuary tag still attached to their toe, which begs the question, whose body is she taking from the morgue? Then why does she keep taking bodies from the morgue?


What the hell is she doing with them? But? perhaps the most important question, what does she have to do with a murder that was found burned to death in his jail cell? This is the very complicated, nearly unbelievable case of Tavo Bester. We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support Keep the Dream 1 96.


They are a South African based nonprofit that is focused on educating and empowering young girls and women on sexual reproductive health, HIV and STI, prevention and signs of sexual violence. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support rotten Mango's growing team, and we would also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, show notes are available by Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now, today's case does cover multiple cases of essay and there are a few brief mentions of CSA. If that's a bit too much for you today, please take care of yourself. We will see you in the next round. Today's case is also based on the book, the Tobo Bester story by Maia Damons and Daniel Stein. They were the lead investigative journalist that broke the story and first published their suspicions about this whole case when it first broke, which eventually led to the truth being uncovered for the public.


The book is available For us readers on Kindle. So with that being said, let's get started. They say the scent of human flesh that is burning on fire is a, is a very distinct scent. 'cause you know, people say when people die, there's a scent that emanates from human dead bodies. Mm. And some people say it's very sweet. There's a little bit of a nutty aromatic essence to it. And then there's people who talk about what human meat must taste like and they liken it to pork. Well, when you light a human on fire, the muscles of the human flesh, they say, have a distinctly beef like smell. It smells like if you were to light a steak on fire, but if you were to light a fattier part of the body on fire where there's a little bit more of the fat, it smells like pork and the smell of burning flesh becomes overpowering in the Manan prison in South Africa, which is alarming even for this specific prison standards.


According to some medicine, south African prisons are amongst the worst in the whole world. One comment reads, aside from overcrowding from the last meal of the day being served at 4:00 PM authorities give the gangs free reign. If you're not part of the gang, your fair game to be our worded, to be subjected to other forms of brutality, you are gonna sleep in the piss covered floors next to the communal toilet, which is shared by about 90 inmates. It's disgusting, filthy. The showers don't work. There's 90 men sleeping in cells that are designed to only sleep 36. It is best to avoid at all costs. Another zen shared a story of how a relative was in prison in Cape Town for being caught with drugs at a concert.


And they said he was there briefly, but the biggest standout was there was a gang member who was HIV positive, and he poked himself with a needle and would go around harassing everyone, forcing them to do what he says unless they wanted to get stabbed with aids. Basically May 3rd, 2022. It's really early in the morning. Most of the prisoners are asleep when they hear this loud banging noise. It sounds like a firework going off, just bang. And then the sound is echoing off the prison hallways and the whole section of the prison, they go silent. I mean everybody's slightly on edge. Is that someone starting a riot? Is somebody escaping? What's going on? Is it a gang related war? What is it? But then nothing happens.


So some of the prisoners, they roll back to sleep, others roll on their sides, and they're chitchatting with their cellmates until 3:00 AM rolls around and another loud bang goes off, and it's even louder than the first one. It almost feels like a bomb this time, not even a firework, an explosion. The ground is briefly shaking, and the prisoners, they're staring at the opening. They try to look down the hallway and it's like a chimney. The hallway is a chimney. There are big masses of gray smoke that's just billowing down. Now, some of the inmates, they run grab their blankets to cover their mouths. Others are rushing to get the guard's attention. When the guards are finally alerted, this is what they do. They briefly glance at the CCTV cameras.


I don't see a fire. They say they don't see any smoke on the CCTV cameras, so why go investigate? Maybe that's why it takes 'em a while to finally recognize, no, the CCTV cameras are not working properly. There is a fire you need to go put it out. When they do, they go into cell 35 where there was some sort of explosion, some sort of fire. They put it out and underneath this gasoline soaked mattress that's burnt to a crisp, it looks like a piece of toast. Under the mattress is the fried dead body of a man named Tobo Bester, a convicted serial r worder and a convicted killer.


Initially, there must have been some doubts on what happened inside this cell because I mean it doesn't make sense. How do you even create a fire of this size? How do you get that much gasoline into a cell, smuggle it in, pour it all over a mattress and then light it on fire? It's very quickly ruled that tobo buster self exited in prison. You say the body was under the mattress? Yes. Like underneath the bed, Like in between the bed and the floor? Yes. What? It's very strange. Yeah, and so people think it's very weird, but they deem it a self exit, but some people aren't so sure because Tavo recently requested protection from the number 26 gang. He stated that he couldn't pay them and now they're out to get him there after him.


This is a few days before he dies. He's begging the guards, please, you need to move me into solitary confinement because they're out to get me. They're gonna kill me. That's why they finally moved him to the isolated cell at the end of the long hallway. The 26 numbers gang, by the way, is actually just a faction of the number gang. That's what they're called. The number gang is one of the world's oldest gangs that are still active to this day. I think they were created and formed in the 18 hundreds. They have three arms or factions, if you will, the 20 sixes, the 20 sevens or the 20 eights. The 20 sixes are like the treasury, entrepreneurial side of the gang. They import currency, tobacco, and drugs into the prison, and they collect all the little funds.


They're the money makers. They also force a lot of the prisoners that are not part of the gang to pay a protection fee. AKA. You pay me money to protect yourself from me racketeering, if you will. They are the masters of smuggling and manipulation, the 20 sevens. They're the military of the gang. They're the most feared faction, most violent, and the 20 eights, they defend prisoners' rights, which they're not out here protesting. They'll just straight up attack guards, which I thought was great, right? However, in exchange for that, the 20 eights will also essay all of the prisoners that they feel they wanna essay in return. So They're all in prison, you're saying?


It's mainly a prison gang. Oh, okay. Now, the 20 eights, it's very interesting because if the guards are not feeding you on time, they will attack the guards. But also at night they will us say the same prisoners. It's just a very fascinating setup. If Tobo Best was asking for protection from the numbers gang just a few days before he died, is it not possible that maybe one of the gang members killed him? I mean it doesn't make sense. The government very quickly rules the fact that Tobo Buster self exited, which is very interesting because if he's able to smuggle gallons of gasoline into the cell and something to light a fire with, you would imagine that he's able to smuggle a lot more that's easier to selfer or less painful.


Why would he choose self emulation? That's a very rare way to pass I mean it's a, it's an unavoidable, blatant question in everybody's face, but nobody asks. I think nobody cares. Everyone is just happy that the famous serial r Worder and Killer is dead, and within hours, the entire cell where he died is cleaned of any remnants of petrol smoke, wiped down, repainted, and ready to take in another inmate. While Tobo best's body is quietly sent to this government morgue. Five days later, a woman is gonna walk in with her father name, Dr. Nand Difa Maga Duana.


What can I help you with? We are here to pick up a body. She's here to claim the body of a man. Everyone calls the Facebook rapist Tobo Bester. What the hell is a celebrity doctor doing? Picking up the body of a convicted killer? Ava's favorite crimes were the ones that he could commit on Facebook. That's why he's called the Facebook r Worder. He would pose as this world renowned marketing manager for a massive modeling agency or a fashion house or even a TV show. He would offer the woman the chance to become the next Gigi Hadid. As long as they met up with him for a paid photo shoot, he was never sleazy about it. That's the very interesting thing. Everything about his listings are highly professional.


He never goes out of his way to message girls directly to ask them to come work with him. It just feels like a good opportunity. He's posting an advertisement. If you wanna go and you wanna model for this man, which it seems like it's in your best interest because he's created a lot of models before then it's a good opportunity. You go meet with this man. What do you mean? Like he has a legitimate business or he's a famous photographer, or he Says he is. He says he's both of those. He's a famous agent. Famous agent. Yes. Yes. Like he can make you into a star. Yes, and he does have a record of that on Facebook. He says, Okay. Yes. Now, when the women arrive at the photo shoot location, it's very professional.


It is indeed a very nice photo shoot. Multiple camera men are running around for the best shots. There's assistance with Bluetooth wires in their ears. There's professional lighting crew. The girls would model and nothing would be overtly sexual. It's exactly what they agreed on. It's not like they get there for a clothing brand photo shoot, and suddenly they're modeling lingerie. It's everything that they agreed upon, and at the very end of this, a long work day, Tabba would help all of the camera guys, the lighting crew, pack up all their expensive things into this massive van that's gonna drive them back to town, but not before. He treats them all to one big meal as a treat. You know, we finished the photo shoot, this is gonna be great.


We're gonna make so much money. This is gonna go to a very confidential, massive fashion brand, and we're gonna get paid. So he takes them all out to eat, and while they're in the middle of this expensive steakhouse meal, he's gonna excuse himself to go use the restroom and never come back. Oh, the camera guys, the lighting crew, the models, they will find themselves stuck with this massive stake bill, but worse than that, all of their professional gear in the truck that he helped load up, he stole, gone. He rubbed them clean. What? Wait, so he found a bunch of like contractor photographers? Yes. Basically everyone's like for hire. Yes, and he steals their equipment. All of It, but it's such a long con because he goes through the whole photo Shoot.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he's, his main thing was the equipment. Yes. Wow. He's very ballsy with it too. He's not just posting these small little photo shoots. He would post all of reforms pull advertisements, spend money to get ad slots. The ad would read. Tyra Banks is added again. This time, her and her co-presenter Tom Kelly, are looking for Africa's next big thing. The winner is expected to walk away with a $55,000 contract with Tyra Banks modeling agency and a six month contract to be the face of Louis Vuitton and will be co-presenting on Tyra Banks's newest show. Women from countries such as, but not limited to Nigeria, South Africa, Mozambique, Zambia, Botswana, the Ivory Coast are to compete for the prestigious title of Africa's Next top model.


The auditions will be held March 28th at the Santon Convention Center. The show will air on TV April 15th. It is going to be so much fun. The dates of the competition actually coincide with the airing of the sixth season of America's Next Top model, but I guess in this case, Africa's next top model, which Tyra Banks was involved in. So it kind of makes sense. The only iffy part of this whole thing is you would have to pay $22 to enter, but that's still really nothing considering the winner is gonna get a $55,000 modeling contract with Tyra Banks. In addition, a hundred thousand dollars in cash. Not only do multiple, almost a hundred women pay the entrance fee to join the competition, but Tabba would round them up in a facility, confiscate all their phones and electronics.


This is a highly confidential shoot. This is very standard. Please put your phone. Let's log it in. Okay. Sign in your phone, make and model. Perfect. Put it in the bag. Next. I need your phone. I'm sorry. It's a confidential shoot. Wait. He legitimately pull, try to pull off a huge event And he does pull it off. He rents out the convention center, but he leaves before he has to pay the bill. I guess they don't do a predeep deposit. Wow. Yes. I mean this. This will quickly get caught. No, like, that's What I'm saying. Yeah. This is too crazy. There's A reason he doesn't get caught. Now, he would just run off With all their phones and the money Stealing iPhones.


Yes, and the $22 of entrance fees. Now, sometimes he would even go as far to lease private jets somehow convince these private jet chartering companies to fly him to a different city in South Africa. With models, he would book a return flight, so when they land in the new city, the private jet would just wait on whatever they wait on and he would just leave. It was just free ride to this new city. He would never fly back with them and he wouldn't pay them for the private flight to the city. What other times For more intimate photo shoots, in the sense that there's not a lot of models on site, he would lure some of the models to his hotel room for a quick interview. He would say that this modeling job is highly confidential and it's fast tracked right now.


They need to find someone quick, but instead he would essay the girls, rob them, and leave them. Honestly, that's putting it lightly. We don't have more in depth accounts of how many times he committed these crimes or more descriptions of exactly what he said and did to Lord these girls. But we do know that on at least one occasion, he convinced a 24-year-old model to come to his photo shoot, audition for the role to become an MTV presenter, like an MTV TV show host. But instead, he dragged her into his hotel room, essayed her, stabbed her in the face, strangled her nearly killing her, stole her car, credit cards and phone, and fled the scene to go shopping at the mall. On another occasion, he had a girlfriend that he was dating.


She introduced him to a model that might wanna work with him. She's like, Hey, boyfriend, here's a model. You're a modeling agent. Why not make this work? He ends upay the model, then fleeing With all of her credit cards. I mean truly no concern or worry that he's gonna get in trouble for any of these crimes. That's how he gets the name of the Facebook r Worder. But he is doing a lot more than that. Tobo even had a business set up with a very famous doctor called Aaron Properties. Essentially, They would build a high profile clientele with a lot of money. Dream Homes, it's like HGTV. They're luxury builders. Mm. The reason they should choose rm. All these wealthy people in South Africa over any other building company is rm knows the markets really well.


They know which areas are good, which ones are bad, how to build a home that's gonna last forever. And on top of that, you have the chance to be a part of a Netflix series. It's like selling Sunset, but it's gonna be even bigger based in South Africa. It's called Hot Property Chick. The likes of Drake, Kylie Jenner, are all gonna be on there. I mean, not only do you get your dream home for way less than the market price, other builders are charging at least $160,000 more per home. But you also have the chance to be on tv, get famous, or at least bring attention to your business or your company. Why would you not want your home built by arm properties? Arm properties was one of Tobo best's favorite scams that he liked to pull off after he died in prison.


There is nothing I hate more than creating a meal plan for the week. By the time that I get to it, I always feel too drained to put a healthy week of meals together to list out the grocery list needed for those meals, and it's actually go to the store. Like all I wanna do after I think about the food is sit down and relax, and it's even worse when I do have all the ingredients on hand, but the idea of cooking is just so mentally draining. And, I end up ordering takeout. Instead, I enter this endless cycle where I've spoiled food in the fridge and my takeout bill is extremely high. I end up trying to push myself to commit to a meal planning and cook better, but then I go right back to ordering takeout. It's why I switched to Hungry Root. They have saved me hours on planning, shopping, and cooking, and it's really simple to work with them.


Hungry Root gets to know you first by understanding your health goals. If you have any dietary restrictions or they learn about your favorite foods, how much time you wanna spend cooking, so With, all of that information, they build you a personalized cart, With all of your grocery needs for the week. Therefore, ingredient recipes have saved me so much time in the kitchen because they have meals that take just less than five minutes. I mean my favorite recipe that they sent me is their Sesame ginger scallops, and broccoli stir fry. When I cooked this, my husband was so surprised when I walked outta the kitchen five minutes later, he was convinced that I ordered this from a restaurant. The best thing about Hungry Root is that it's fully customizable. If you aren't feeling a recipe that they recommend, you can choose anything you want. They have fresh produce, high quality meat, and seafood, healthy snacks, smoothies, sweetss, and so much more.


I. love that. Everything from Hungry Root follows a simple standard. It's gotta taste good, be quick to make and contain whole trusted ingredients. Right now, hungry Root is offering Rotten Mingle listeners, 40% off your first delivery and free veggies for life. Just go to hungry root.com/rotten to get 40% off your first delivery and get your free veggies. That's Hungry root.com/rotten. Don't forget to use our link so that they know we sent you Selling a little or a lot. Shopify helps you do your thing, however you cha-ching. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did.


We just hit a million orders stage Shopify is here to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify has got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 15% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All star Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us, and Shopify is the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklinen and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries.


Plus, Shopify's Award-winning 24 7 help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Odyssey podcast, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash odyssey podcast now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in. Shopify dot com slash odyssey podcast. There is a picture of Dr. Nandy, the celebrity doctor that likes to visit morgues in her free time, and it has since gone viral. She's out at the store with her family.


They're buying a bunch of mundane household items. It's not even a a cleanup kit. It's not like she has bleach and rubber gloves and an apron and rope and trash bags. She's just buying random little snacks and some toilet paper. There is absolutely nothing alarming at first glance about this picture. In theory, it's quite innocent. Dr. Mandy's two children are there with her, her two daughters, but there are two things that are incredibly wrong. One, the man in the photo is not Dr. Andy's husband. She is married to another well-known famous doctor. He's not the man in the photo two. The man in the photo is a convicted killer that's supposed to be dead.


The man is a dead man walking next to Dr. Nay tobo buster. They're both just buying toilet paper. Yes. And this picture was taken after Tobo Buster died in prison, Okay, In 2022. So this doesn't make any sense. How is he dead, but still alive and free out of prison, hanging out with a celebrity doctor? None of this is making any sense right now. Yeah. Why would Dr. Andy be buying toilet paper with a convicted killer? Yeah. 10 years ago in 2011, a 26-year-old sales woman at A BMW dealership, she told her boss that she was gonna take a few days off to go on vacation with her boyfriend. They were going to this neighboring city for a few days since her boyfriend said that he had a potential modeling gig lined up for her.


When they get there, they rent this hotel room. It's more like an Airbnb, a guest house, if you will. The very first night they get into this heated argument because her boyfriend is still talking to all of his ex-girlfriends, and she's upset. She's like, I was under the impression that the two of us are exclusive. Why would you be talking to anybody else? Why would I even take days off of work to leave town to go on vacation with you if we're not even exclusive? He manages to deescalate the fight. The two of them end up going to sleep, but at 2:00 AM she wakes up to this very weird sensation. It's almost like sleep paralysis. It's just a weird sensation.


She wakes up, opens her eyes, and in the dark corner, Tavo is standing pointing a knife at her Tavo best ta? Yes. Pointing a knife at her? Yes. What does that mean? He's wielding a knife, pointing it at her. Okay. He turns on the lights and he's demanding that she give him her phone and laptop. She's like, take whatever you want, please. He lunges towards her. She's kicking, trying to get him off of her, and everything stops. The knife is in her chest. There is blood leaking into the bedding. He rolls her on her stomach with the knife still embedded in her chest, ties her arms back with a T-shirt, and demands her passwords for her laptop.


This is at two in the morning. He will finally leave the guest house at 7:00 AM five hours later that she just has a knife stuck in her chest. He finally walks out of the guest house that they're renting, and he runs into the owner. Could you please keep it down? My girlfriend is still in there asleep. Do you mind giving me a quick lift to Cape Town? The owner drives Tahoe to Cape Town, and they don't realize that nobody has heard from the girlfriend. So they try to knock before getting into the room, and when they finally get in 9:00 PM the next day, she's found dead and bloody. It's very clear that Tobo Bester is the one responsible, but he's not even scared. He ends up posting on Facebook, catch me if you can.


Why are people even bothering me? What? There is a reason that Tobo Bester is balls to the wall unafraid of any of the crimes, and it's because Tobo Buster is completely anonymous. Prior to all of this, he was born without any sort of registration. It's like being born in the United States without a social security card, without any sort of identification, a birth certificate, absolutely nothing. Tobo Buster's mom gave birth to him in a local hospital when she was just 20 years old. She stated that the father was a stranger who essayed her. And now because Tahoe's mom herself doesn't have identification documents, Tobo Besto doesn't even get a birth certificate after being born. The only record of his entire existence for most of his life is just on a piece of paper, tucked away in some filing cabinet in the hospital with his birth.


That's logged with a pen. Tobo Bester born on this date, no identification. He uses this to his advantage. When Tahoe's a teenager, he would find his very favorite school activity. On the weekdays. He would put on his school uniform a blazer with badges all over it. One of them was a prefects badge, essentially a class president badge. And it's for the graduating class of Hyde Park High School, a school that he never attended. In fact, he stopped going to school in the seventh grade, but he would put on that uniform walk around asking kind locals for a ride to school that morning. A lot of nice unassuming moms would pick him up, put him in the car. I mean whether he reminds them of their own kids or their child that used to be a teen or their son, I don't know.


But They would pick him up, drive him to school, and on their way, They would make small talk. What grade are you in graduating this year? Ma'am, why don't you have a ride to school? My grandmother is in the hospital. And, I, live alone. And, I. Guess I'm not really sure what I'm gonna do for the new. Nevermind. These women would be so confused. Tell me what's going on young man. It's just there's a new athletic championship that I qualified for, but I'm not even sure I can afford to go anymore. One of the women that gave him a ride said her heart absolutely melted in that moment. Well, I, I could purchase a plane ticket for you, book you a hotel. That's what the school needs you to do, right? And give you a bit of spending money even for the trip.


You would do that. She would do that. A few days later, he's right back in her car and she's driving him to the airport. When she turns to ask him a question at a red light, she sees a hole in his ear, two holes in his ear lobe. This young man has his ears pierced and it dawns on her in that moment because at this point in time, South Africa is very conservative. Everything that this young man said is a scam. There's no way he's a good Christian kid, like he claims from a good Christian family that goes to Hyde Park High School because you can't get your ears pierced. Mm. So what is she gonna do? At this point? It's just the two of them in the car on the way to the airport while they're still driving.


The woman's friend, Belinda Watts calls her and she sounds frantic. She tells her, are you with that kid that you're paying for the hotel truck? That kid in your car is a con artist. I just asked my husband and he checked the records. He's been conning people at least 300 times. I'm gonna have the police meet you at the airport to arrest this boy. Tahoe is arrested at the airport and released within a week. He's back at the police station for asking another housewife for a ride and stealing $200 from her. He had to call his mom to bail him out, and it seems that's the only time he had really talked to his mom is when she would bail him out from trouble. He never really kept in contact with her. Even when he is arrested for the final, well, not final time, but the second final time he's arrested for murder, his mom found out through the news, they do not have a good relationship.


So now the question is 10 years later, why is this man hanging out with a celebrity doctor and buying toilet paper with her? It doesn't make sense. Does Dr. Andy know this guy? Dr. Andy's family has a strong come up. Her parents said We were amongst the first black people in Port Edward to own a house. So you can imagine the transition. It was the end of apartheid and the tensions were very high. Dr. Nady siblings, remember I mean? I remember once we were the few black kids on the bus going to the high school, and my older sister and her friend always being picked on. The white kids would sit on them and throw eggs at them. So my father once went stopped. The bus driver got on the bus because he was the deputy mayor of the education department at the time.


So they're doing really well. Wow. And he gave this whole speech on how they're all trying to build a country that includes everyone. And he said that he was so disappointed in these children for not moving on from the past, and it never happened again. Dr. Nay really used this to propel her career. Instead of being so upset, which nobody would blame her for being upset at blatant racism and people throwing eggs at you. She really used it to propel her career forward. She studied every single day. She was one of the smartest, if not, I wanna say like top two smartest kids in her entire school. She, her grades are straight A's every single year. People said she was like an angel growing up.


It's not even just her grades. It's not that she's just smart and in the corner. So studious. She's a natural born leader. She has charisma like her dad, the way she speaks. People just wanna listen to her. If there was a group project, instantly she's taking the lead and people are following. Nobody's like, why are you the leader? No. People are listening to everything that she's saying. She never got in trouble at school. She ends up going to med school. She loves to read. She loves the ballet. Eventually she goes on to become a doctor. She marries another high profile doctor. They have two children together. I mean their whole family, their lives. It looks like it's straight out of a Vogue magazine. They end up buying a mansion in a really nice area and throwing these incredible parties for the socialites of South Africa, and they're almost too perfect.


Like you can't even dislike them. What is there to dislike about them? You would just seem like a petty, jealous person. They're kind, they're sweet, they're educated, they're so intelligent, and they're just dripping of charisma. It's, it's insane. Dr. Andy eventually starts her own skincare and aesthetic clinic in 2017, and she starts catering to high profile TV anchors, musicians, artists, celebrities, movies, stars, and they all lovingly call her Dr. Andy. She's got hundreds of thousands of followers on Instagram, and her Instagram is very girlboss. I will tell you that. It's very much, if I can do it, you can do it. Pictures of her in expensive clothes in front of her expensive car with her designer handbag, or in her office.


She's showing off her luxury vacations while posting motivational quotes on how all women need to step up. Honestly, she seems at the time, like a very good influence on people. I mean, sure you can hate hustle culture, but she seems like, yeah, she's not harming anyone. In fact, she's motivating people. She's inspirational. Yeah. So how does she get wrapped up in helping pull off one of the most notorious prison escapes of South African history, if not in the world? One of the ballsiest notorious prison escapes of recent time is gonna take approximately 48 hours to pull off. So start the clocks with 48 hours on the clock. Dr. Nady and her father pick up yet another corpse from the morgue, which is ironic because isn't her father supposed to be dead?


Yeah, that's what I thought. Yeah. No, she's just, she's making up lies. She's like, that's my dad. That's my friend's dad. That's my best friend. I'm picking up. And you can just pick up bodies like that just by saying, that's my dad. Yeah. Wow. I think she would forge official documentation. Oh, now her dad would help her pick up yet another corpse from the morgue rent a car for her place, said corpse into the car. And that car is then driven to the gates of the massive prison. That is April 27th, 2022. That's the same day that Tobo Best will apply to be placed in the isolation unit for his own safety. The supervisor for the segregation unit is what they call the unit approves Tobo buster's application and drives in this giant car into the prison.


This random car that's left at the gates. He drives it in past the prison gates. He parks the car and he opens up the trunk where there is a TV cabinet box. You know those TV dressers, media consoles, and it's in a cardboard box. You gotta assemble it. And he is bringing that box into the prison, which is already a bit strange. Why would he spend his own money to decorate his office? And if it's not for the office, it's not like a prisoner needs a giant TV media console in their cell. It's very strange. It's actually so strange in fact that his boss had noticed the car outside and he said, don't you let that car into the prison. That's a suspicious looking car. I don't know what this car's doing outside the prison gates.


Conveniently, his boss had to tend to an inmate's medical emergency. Soon afterwards, then the gates opened and the unit supervisor was driving that car in. Now the car with the TV console box is now in the facilities where it's gonna sit for the next 48 hours with 24 hours left on the clock. Tobo Buster's request is approved. He has slowly transferred to cell 35. It's a single person cell at the end of a long hallway where there are no other cells. It's so secluded, so isolated that it's actually partially obscured from even CCTV cameras almost as if it's a cue. At the same time, A-C-C-T-V technician at the prison places the contents of the TV console box into a wee libin, like a giant garbage can on wheels, and it's got a lid.


He starts dragging it around the prison yard, picking up trash here and there, periodically opening it up slightly and then throwing it in and then lugging it around, grabbing another piece of trash. And then very casually, he starts dragging that garbage bin into the dark room. The dark room is no longer a functioning room. It's technically been put outta commission because there have been many reports from inmates that even the prison staff couldn't ignore. Prisoners state that they were thrown into this dark room, which is a pitch black room with zero ventilation, no windows, no cameras, no clock to tell you the time, just a concrete bed and a toilet in a room with no ventilation. And for days you'd just be forced to stay there as punishment.


It's like solitary confinement, but worse. Yeah. By the time you get out, they say the torture likely changed. Your brain chemistry it, it's really bad. That's how the Dark Room is described now. He places that wheelie garbage bin into the dark room. There's nobody in there, and nobody's gonna be coming in the next day with a few hours left to go. The CCTV Tech pretends to clock out. At the end of his shift, he's putting his fingers up to the scanner to clock out. Instead of leaving, he slips back into his office. Cuts the power to the CCTV systems in the segregation unit, rushes to the dark room and wheels the garbage bin to sell 35 where Tobo Bester is locked up and a fire starts, the mattress in the cell is soaked in gasoline and lit on fire that weekend.


The CCTV cameras in that specific unit, AKA, the unit where prisoners are sent, when they tell the guards that they fear for their lives, solitary confinement is on and off working. Hmm. There will just be random blocks of time chunks with the CCTV cameras are not operational. So right now it seems like the leader of the unit is involved. Yes, there's a cleaner who's involved. There's gonna be actually about 10 prison staff involved. Oh, that is crazy. Many of them are involved. So after serving 10 years of his life plus 55 year life sentence, the Facebook r Worder and convicted murderer is free.


Again, there is a split second CCTV camera clip that they were not able to delete of him walking out of the cell on his two legs with no burn marks with one of the prison staff after Tabba buster's little prison break, stunt one would safely imagine that these two would try to lay as low as possible. They would duck their tails, wear baseball caps when they go out, or maybe fake Dr. Mandy's disappearance too, so that the two of them could run off and live together forever. But no, they just rent a house surrounding the Santon City Mall, which is known as the richest square mile in Africa. They just started playing house in the same neighborhood that Dr.


Nay is known to have frequented with her real family before all of this. It's in the same city that her clinic is in. It's also a few blocks away from the South African Billionaire President's Home I mean each of the houses in this area typically has high gated walls, CCTV cameras. More often than not, they have guards 24 hours a day guarding the homes. This is not a low key area, and for some reason, the two of them rent two separate houses spending almost $7,000 a month on rent, which originally it could give off the impression that they're trying to be discreet with their relationship. Maybe they each live in one and they act like they just hang out at night, but they're doing nothing to hide this relationship. While Dr. Andy is still married, she's going around flaunting Tobo around.


The two of them are driving around town in Porsches and Range Rovers. She's introducing him to her business associates and friends as Tom Zepi. If anyone is like, wait, you look, you look so familiar. Where do I know you from? Oh, it, it's a very long story, but you might know my uncle Patrice Zee, the first South African billionaire. Yeah. Wait, Tao was saying that? Yeah. Hmm. So he He really feels like nobody recognizes him. Is that why? Yeah, he's out and about and He's so confident that nobody even gives it a second thought. And he's also dating a celebrity Doctor. I mean it just, nobody questions it, huh? Sometimes he's Tom Zepi the boyfriend.


Sometimes he's the billionaire's relatives, sometimes he's tk the business partner. He has so many aliases. The two of them, Dr. Andy and Tavo, they go on to create a few businesses together. Legitimate businesses in the sense that they're registered with the government. However, they were not legitimate by any other means. They're just front, so they can scam all of Dr. Andy's wealthy friends out of their money arm properties. They would bring people in to their very nice rented home in the wealthy area of South Africa, host these luncheons with private chefs, with florals decorated everywhere to show off this lifestyle. And They would tell the guests that it's through all the properties that they build and own, and some of them, they rent out from all over the world, really.


Some like this one they live in, and you can have it too, as long as you give us millions of dollars to build your first home. That's what they say. Armed properties did well in terms of taking people's money. Nobody questioned Dr. Andy. She's a celebrity. They thought there's no way she's gonna risk her entire career. Everything she's built up for some money. It's like if, if you know a celebrity is making a ton of money, are they really gonna scam someone out of a hundred dollars? It just doesn't feel like it's worth it. It doesn't make any sense. Which, don't get me wrong, they are scamming people out of a lot of money, but her career would again, be a little bit more prosperous and it would be over if she's thrown in jail. Yeah. So why the hell is she doing this?


That's what people still don't know to this day. Really. We have theories though. Now, a lot of women who aspire to be like Dr. Andy, they start investing with Arm Holdings, and the setup is you give a holdings a massive deposit. A lot of the times it was maybe a few hundred thousands of dollars. They'll start building your dream home for you. But naturally what happens is you need more money to start different phases of the building. So you have to keep giving arm holdings more and more money without ever seeing any sort of final products, without ever getting any sort of guarantee. Like, look at your house. We've got all the foundations set up. It's just they show them a lot. Now we gotta start building now.


You know, we just found out that there's something wrong with the land. We gotta level the land. We gotta do this, we gotta do that. It's just a money pit. But most people are initially intrigued because like I said, they're quoting sometimes $165,000 less than what other builders are quoting. And Dr. Nandi would say this to all of her friends and family. The whole idea of Aaron Properties is to make it accessible for people to build houses, not to pray and make ridiculous profits. Do you get what I'm saying? Because it's attainable. It shouldn't be something that's gonna cost you a fortune, and I'm just walking away with so much of your money. Dr. Nandi and TK would even talk about their new business ventures. They're gonna expand arm holdings into arm travels, which will help build various tour packages, potentially even let travelers stay at other vacation homes, facilitate transactions that way.


Personally, I thought that their plan was to scam as many people at once in the beginning, get a bunch of deposits for building the homes and then just run off with the money. But no, they stay. They stick around. They keep asking for more and more money because the plans are getting more and more complicated, and everything is turning into this massive money pit to the point where if any of the homeowners or clients they call Tom or tk, or whoever he's introduced as he would throw a massive fit for them. Even asking the most simple questions of, Hey, when's our next meeting? I'd love to hop on a call with you. He would start throwing a tantrum at them. He would take their money and then subject them to emotional abuse. So again, why is Dr. Nandi doing this with him? Is she really doing this for money that she doesn't really need at all?


People say that it's likely he manipulated her. It does seem that Tabba Buster is a good manipulator. This is giving Dr. Andy a lot of grace and a lot of benefit of the doubt. I think that most people don't believe this theory, but this is one of them that she too is a victim and he likely lied about being guilty of the crimes. What? But you say he was in prison for 10 plus years. That's another reason that people don't sympathize with Dr. Nady. She, from what we know so far, has no connections, Tobo best or prior to all of this, and it is believed, it is assumed that she reached out to him while he was in prison, But why? Right. To be some sort of pen pal. Maybe she was going through a rough patch in her marriage and what, Yeah, that is crazy.


Other people say to give her a little bit of benefit of doubt in that situation that Dr. Andy was always one for supporting people that maybe had it a bit rough, and perhaps she wanted to reach out to inmates to understand their psychology, to see what the prison was like, to see if they needed any help from the outside in terms of prison reform, in terms of, you know, getting adequate representation And then decide a prison break. Yeah, back a death. So we don't really know for sure why, but there is a few theories. Okay, so the first theory is that she too is a victim, and it is likely that he lied about being innocent. In one letter to an old family friend, he wrote, I am in prison for a crime that I never committed, and I'm so hurt by the stories and the media about me for most of it is not even true.


My mother had sent us to church. We grew up in an environment where respecting people, especially women, so I mean all the things that people are saying about me and saying that I have done is just not true. My biggest struggle is trying to find myself to be respectful. At times when I'm lonely and feel rejection running through my soul, I finally feel as if I have hit a wall. I let down my teacher, my community, more God than myself. I was sitting in a jail cell facing a possible life sentence. It was a time for terrible fear, darkness, and despair. Tobo Bester is also known for having these manipulative stories about his childhood just ready to go. If he wants a little bit of sympathy, he's ready to dish them out.


And maybe these are true, maybe they're not, but I don't think it excuses anything. One of the stories is that his grandmother's friend had started us saying him since he was a little boy. He stated that eventually he ran away from his grandma's home because he couldn't endure any of this abuse. He ends up like a without a home camp where he runs into this older man who reaches out his hand offering to help him out of this tough spot. But this older man essentially kidnaps him, locks him away in his home and essays him for days on end. He claims that in prison, he was later gang essayed and a bottle of soapy water was inserted inside of him, and just his whole life is filled with trauma.


I swear there are way too many streaming services nowadays. If I'm itching to watch a specific show or a documentary, there's like an 80% chance now that it's on a streaming service that I don't have. I was looking to watch Connection, which is this new Korean thriller. It's a kdr, and then I saw it's on a platform that I just don't have, which that's okay. They have a seven day free trial, and if I just binge it all within seven days, I can cancel the membership before it ends. Except that's what I always say. But when I go to make an account, tell me why I already have one with them. On top of that, I've been paying for a membership on this platform for months now, which had me thinking if I forgot that I had this streaming service already, how many other subscriptions have I forgotten about?


I tried to go through my banking statements to determine all of the subscriptions, but it just seemed so confusing, convoluted, and it was taking so much time. Luckily, my friend told me about Rocket Money a while back. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Rocket Money literally saved my bank account because they gave me a clear view of my expenses, and I'm able to see all of my subscriptions in one place, which means if I see something that I don't want or I don't use, I can just have Rocket Money help cancel it for me. With just a few taps, I don't have to email anybody or phone calls to customer support. On top of that, Rocket Money even shows me my monthly spending, meaning I can see where my money tends to go.


If I'm looking to stay within a certain budget or even cut down on spending money on, let's say close Rocket Money will help create a custom budget for me. With Rocket Money, they will even try to negotiate lower bills for you by up to 20%. All you have to do is submit a picture of your bill and Rocket Money will take care of the rest. It is just that easy. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash rotten. That's Rocket Money dot com slash rotten. Rocket Money dot com slash rotten.


Is Your child struggling with a specific subject or need help with homework? Are they asking questions that you are not sure you can fully answer? IXL Learning is an online learning program for kids. It covers math, language arts, science, and social studies. IXL is designed. This program will improve your kids' grades. Studies done in almost every state in the country, the kids who had IXL are consistently doing better, powered by advanced algorithms. IXL gives the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality, and it doesn't have to eat up all your time. One subscription gets you everything for all the kids in your home. pre-K to 12th grade. So don't miss out. One in four students in the US are learning with I-X-L-I-X-L is used in 95 of the top 100 school districts in the US make an impact on your child's learning.


Get IXL now and listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at ixl.com/audio. Visit ixl.com/audio to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price. Now, others are asking, is that really enough? Though? Just a few sob stories about your childhood, is that really enough to have someone help you? Prison break out of one of the largest prisons in South Africa, there are allegations that Tabba is very manipulative, which is pretty evident in the way that he was scamming people. But people further allege that once Tabba got out of prison, he starts using pure violence to keep Dr.


Nandy in check. There's a story circulating online that at one time Dr. Nay had invited a ton of her friends to her Hyde Park mansion to celebrate her birthday. She had the whole place decked out, caterers running in and out with finger food. The tables outside her beautifully lined with this soft linen, and they just hear screaming like somebody is fighting according to party goers. Tobo is so pissed off at the seating arrangements that Dr and Andy had prepared. He starts screaming at her, the birthday girl in the middle of her birthday party, they heard him screaming, I'm in charge of the party, so you better let me decide who sits where. And then in front of all of their guests, Tobo, who everybody knew as Tom, Dr. Mandy's boyfriend, starts repeatedly slapping Dr.


Nady across the face over and over on her birthday, at her birthday party in front of everybody, which somewhat argue is the reason that Dr. Nay stayed with him afterwards. Perhaps he convinced her while he was in prison that he was innocent of the crimes that he was charged with, which is why she helped him prison break. And once he gets out, he starts scaring her into submission by assaulting her. There's allegedly an audio clip out there of Tavo screaming at Dr. Nay screaming, I'm gonna drive to Johannesburg tonight, and when I get there, I will. If you don't pick up the fucking phone, you will regret it with your life. Do you? Do we understand each other? Allegedly. Dr. And Andy can be heard, terrified.


Responding. Why are you saying this, Tom? Why are you threatening me? Why? Why you say allegedly? Because it's not been confirmed by either party. This is them. Oh, okay. But the audio does exist. Yes. You start doing your own things. And. I told you you don't do things in this house. Do you understand? Mandy? If you ever block my number, you will find your clothes on the fucking streets. You will never block me. I run this house. I suffer for this house. You will not block me. Do you hear me? I will drive to you. And. I will take your ass. And I will show you what I'm capable of. And if I ever fucking call this phone and you don't pick up Mandy, listen. I don't want you to make me angry. Do you think I'm stupid? Do you not think that I have a tracker on you? Do you not think that I have people fucking following your ass?


Huh? The audio continues for another two minutes with even more threats. But some people don't really care for these allegations at all. I mean they do, but they don't necessarily think that they matter considering there were reports that Taba was violent with Dr. Andy's children. And people find that very hard to find sympathy for Dr. Andy, for the sole fact that she went out of her way to expose her children to a convicted r Worder and a killer, and then let him abuse her children. They feel sympathy for the children. Perhaps they feel sympathy for Dr. Andy to a degree, but they don't think it's anywhere near an excuse for what she's done. Even in court, when Tahoe is initially arrested for his initial crimes of R Wording and murder, he pretty much admits to it.


He says, you know, the woman that IR worded my only intention at at first was robbing them. But I was, as I was leaving, I saw the victim's legs. And I was tempted sexually. My initial intention again, was to just rob the victim. And I had accomplished this already, but after I saw their body, however, I was impelled by lust. And then I proceeded to R word her. He tells the judge that it'll never happen again. In fact, he says, I feel also that I'm not somebody that you should worry about leaving a woman in one room alone with me. I would not essay her, you know? And also the murder, I feel was just a pure, we were fighting. There was a knife involved. Somebody got stabbed in the process. That was the type of incident.


If I wanted to kill my girlfriend at the time and stab her, I would've killed her where we were. I wouldn't have left town with her. I would not have killed her. The first night we got to the new town, that was not my intention at all. If I really wanted to kill her, I would've taken her into a bush and killed her. My intention was never to kill anyone. My intentions were very straightforward. I liked her. Things just got very twisted. Whenever they got twisted, we had a fight. The knife got outta hand, she got stabbed. I tried to stop it. He states that because he was already wanted for essay, he couldn't go report her injuries to the police because nobody would believe that it was an accident. So honestly, it's the police fault. He said, as for the murder, I am fully responsible for what I've done. I did not fully understand what I was doing that day.


I knew her for four years. I can't believe that I'm responsible for killing her. She believed in me. She was a friend. I'm very sorry for what happened. She had told me about all of her dreams. We had gotten very, very close. And you can imagine you are gonna learn a lot about someone spending time together. It weighed on me personally, night and day. It ached inside of me that I couldn't even sleep. However, like I said, I did not intentionally want to kill her. We had a fight and she got stabbed. Whether you or anyone else wants to believe me, well that is my story. Wherever she's at, whether it be heaven or wherever, she knows that I never wanted to kill her. But at the end of the day, I'm pleading guilty because I don't wanna sit in a courtroom and justify that I did not wanna kill her. Tabo buster pled guilty to all of his crimes, which is another reason that we don't have much more information on his victims because he pled guilty.


There has been no trial process. And. I think at this point. The families just wanna stay out of it. He admitted to the crimes. And the evidence is that Dr. Nandy reached out Tobo while he was in prison for the crimes that he admitted to. There's also a pretty viral clip in South Africa where a debt collector comes to talk to Dr. Nay. This is after tab BA's escape. This is before anyone knows that she's dating Tobo Buster. She's sitting at a restaurant and the story is, she purchased this $75,000 Mercedes, but their whole property scam was coming crashing down. She couldn't afford to keep paying for it. And instead of letting it go into collections, or better yet returning the car to the dealership, she drives it to Zimbabwe.


And she's like, yes, this is great. I'm gonna leave it in Zimbabwe. Perhaps she has plans to file some sort of insurance claim on it, but the dealership finds out, tracks her down at the local restaurant where she's just eating this, honestly, not the most appetizing looking avocado toast. The toast is way too crunchy. And they confront her about the car, asking her where is it? And she says that she'll have to talk to the person who signed the contract. It's safe to assume that she's talking about Tobo and she continues to eat her avocado toast unfazed while they're sitting there staring at her in this public restaurant. Was This recorder or something? Yes. And people are just commenting, this doesn't look like a woman who's been manipulated.


She seems so unbothered in this situation that most people would feel so stressed out, so anxious, so embarrassed. It's like she's got the steel heart of a criminal as well. Hmm. It's argued that this is not normal. People behavior. And I. Think one of the more ridiculous parts in all of this is that Dr. Nay was one of the main reasons that the police were onto her. The reason an autopsy was reexamined in the first place is because a complaint was submitted to the courts by Dr. Nay herself. So remember how she went to the morgue? Got a decoy body place that decoy body into Tobo, Best's cell Tobo best walks out. And there is a body that is assumed to be tobo best that's left in the cell.


But it's not Tobo. Bester. Yeah. Well, now she wants to go pick up that body that's labeled as Tobo. Best. I thought he, she picked up like three bodies. Yes. So every single time they couldn't get the body into the prison, or it just didn't work out. So she ends up bearing two bodies. One ends up in a river. So now she's back at the morgue trying to pick up Tobo Buster's alleged body, which we know is not Tobo Buster's body. So she goes to the morgue and they're like, we, you can't retrieve his body because you're quite literally a random person. And this is a criminal. Like how do you know this convicted killer? Yeah. You have no relation to him. I think in the other cases they're civilians. Yeah. Yeah. Whereas this one, it's It's a criminal.


Yeah. They're not siblings. They're not family. There's no evidence that they even know each other. I mean they clearly don't run in the same circles. So what is she doing picking up Tobo buster's body? Well, in the court filing an official court filing that Dr. Nandi submits, she states that Tobo buster is her common law husband. And that not allowing her to take his body. She is suffering from undue emotional and psychological stress and trauma. She said, it pings me to see my late husband's body being moved around from the morgues. The deceased should be buried with dignity. And this is against that behavior. She filed a motion or whatever. Yes. Because she wants that body. Yes. The court looks at her like she's lost her goddamn mind.


Tobo buster cannot be your common law husband because you're already legally married to somebody else. She claims it does not matter. She and her doctor husband are long separated. She met Tobo way back in 2006 when they were both studying at the University of Whit Waters Rand, which again, that's pretty public record. The judge is again confused because Tobo best never even attended that school. But Dr. Nandi continues. I a very close relationship with Tobo Buster. And we would go on dates and call each other and see each other quite often. She says that they lost contact with each other until she found out that he was in prison. She reached out to see if what they were saying about him was true. Did he kill somebody? She said she went and visited a few times and the rest was history.


They fell back in love. She said whenever he had any concerns or problems with any issues in prison, I was the one that would communicate with lawyers to try and resolve those issues. He is my common law husband. She also stated that she should be the one to pick up Tahoe's body because Tahoe's mom is dead. None of his family members are even alive. Which is odd because a lot of them are very much alive. Dr. Andy would even go the extra mile to not only file this complaint with the court, but with the South African Police Service and the Department of Home Affairs demanding that Tao's body be turned over to her effective immediately. It causes an even bigger scene though, because everyone knows about this.


Now. Tao's mom walks in to come pick up her son's body and all the police are confused. Isn't his mom dead than, who the hell is this woman? They asked the woman to submit a DNA test to prove that she's indeed picking up her family member. And sure enough, the DNA comes not a match To the dead body. Yes. So now, oh wow. Now the whole case is being reexamined. They dig up his autopsy and they realize that his cause of death was not from smoke inhalation, but rather he was dead long before the body was set on fire. The authorities knew about this and they didn't do anything about it because he's a prisoner. He's an inmate. And. I don't think they cared whether he was murdered before he was lit on fire.


'cause they assumed it was Tobo buster, which that is such gray area. And that becomes a whole thing later on. But now they realize that's not even Tobo Bester. 'cause they run the DNA and they're like, that's not Tobo. What the hell is going on? And it's very quickly confirmed that Tobo Bester has escaped because they go on TikTok and they see a man who looks identical to Tobo Bester posting videos with one of Dr. Andy's daughters just posting TikTok videos. Wait, what's going on? He just Is posting TikTok videos. He's not explaining the situation. He's pretending to be Tom. And he is just posting TikTok videos with Dr. Andy's kids. And they're like, this looks like Tavo. Yeah. They're like, okay. So Dr. Andy is saying that she was the common law wife of Tobo.


This guy looks identical. Tobo. And this is after posted after he allegedly died. But it's not Tobo. Yeah. And he's posing with Dr. Nancy's kids. Wow. How ballsy do you have to be? Exactly. And that is when people realize he is not dead ground up. The two investigative journalists that wrote the book that we did a lot of our sourcing from, they were the first news publication to break the news that Tahoe's death is not exactly what it seems, which results in Tobo and Dr. Nandi going on the run. All their friends start coming forward stating they had invested with them, seen them together, went to their house parties. And after this article, finally, 10 days later, March 25th, 2023.


So this is like a full year after he's escaped, the government admits that Tobo Bester had escaped. Eventually the two are arrested in Tanzania, brought back to South Africa to stand trial. A lot of people will be standing trial for the escape of Tobo Bester, the former unit supervisor for this segregation unit in the prison. Dr. Andy's father, who helped her pick up the bodies from the morgue and rented a car, the CCTV Tech at the prison six prison guards, Dr. Andy's gardener, Dr. Nay and Tobo Buster will be standing trial. And it's just I mean. The whole thing is so ridiculous. Tobo buster is ridiculous. Even while he was in prison, he still writes motivational letters to family, friends, like unsolicited, motivational letters.


He would write letters such as nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared to believe that something inside of them was superior to circumstances. A positive mental attitude is the foundation of a successful life. Someone said, dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. But I say that we live forever under Jesus Christ. So that we must never stop dreaming. You live a life of joy and happiness. You think thoughts of creativity and speak words of life to every creature you meet, your mantra in life becomes mad. MAD, making a difference. The world is a great mirror. It reflects back onto you what you are. If you are loving, if you are friendly, if you are helpful, the world will prove loving and friendly and helpful to you.


The world is what you are. But if you think such wise advice is free, you are sadly mistaken because he ends the letter with a simple request. According to his doctor, he needs to eat five meals a day. So for that, they're gonna need to send him some money in prison to get some food. Yeah. He also creates a list of items that he believes the police pocketed. After arresting him in Tanzania, he lists them with their prices totaling $2.2 million. US dollar. Yeah. iPhone 14, pro Max, Samsung S 23. Samsung Z four. iPad 16, MacBook Air 16, two of them Burberry card holder, Burberry sunglasses, Tom Ford sunglasses, HP laptop, a Louis Vuitton laptop bag, a ring worth at least $14,000.


Two AP watches worth. It's at least $150,000 each. Two FM watches. I dunno, again, worth at least a hundred. Frank Miller worth at least $150,000 each. Two Rolexes. A Cartier watch. A paddock a whoa. Yeah. Where's he getting all that from? The doctor. Oh, the scams. Scams. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The A bag containing clothes, designer clothes cash, a few hundred thousand dollars worth of cash from different denominations. USD, Tanzanian Shilling, Swiss Francs, rans. Which nobody knows if what he's claiming is true. 'cause he's claiming the police stole it. They're corrupt, they're stealing his stuff. But even if it's true, he just admitted to having $2.2 million worth of illegal assets that he brought across country borders.


Yeah. So I mean the next investigation would naturally be, where the hell did he get that kind of money? And I don't think he wants them opening up that can of worms. So I don't understand why he thought that was a good idea. In court, Dr. Nay and Tobo have been seen flirting, smiling, whispering in each other's ears. Wow. Tobo was actually seen walking into court once wearing two Louis Vuitton T-shirts layered on top of each other. It's almost like he's going in the world out of his way to be unlikable and be investigated for more financial fraud crimes. Have we heard anything about like Dr. Nandi? Is it Nandi? Nandi, Dr.


Andy's husband? He's pretty private of a person. And it, some people speculate that's even why they separated, that she was very much enjoying becoming more of that celebrity status and perhaps showcasing too much of their life. And he seems he's much older too. I think he's close to two decades older. Hmm. Yes. Now, Dr. Nandy is now claiming that she was technically kidnapped by Tobo Bester. She was taken to Tanzania and has nothing to do with this. She was forced to do all of this, which is gonna be a very tough argument to prove, considering she was just giggle galing with him in court, and then the next court hearing, she's like, actually, he kidnapped me.


So, So what? How did the people of the country feel about her? They don't like her. They just, honestly, more than not liking her. I think a lot of people are upset with her because it's so dangerous. She's putting so many people at risk like the civilians. So the South African civilians, when this criminal is here to, yes. To scam wealthy people, but also potentially our word more people. Yes. Kill more people. I mean the way that he killed his girlfriend with the knife to the chest. That's heartless. Yeah. That's not nowhere near accidental, nowhere near self-defense. That's literally just sadistic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so people are very angry with her for having a hand in that. But on top of that, I think the overwhelming feeling is how do you become one of the success stories?


Yes. The inspiration. How do you throw that all away for him? Yes. How do you throw away your fairytale life that you worked your whole entire existence for? For him? Exactly. Yeah. Now, a year after Tobo Buster's escape, a tweet starts circulating. The body that was burnt by Tobo Buster in prison is my son. Our government is failing us, and I'm broken. She said that her son, Calgo had gone missing, and she reported him missing, but the police wanted nothing to do with it because he's 32 years old. Later, the next time she hears about him is almost a year later and he's found dead. And they just very, I don't even think they were apologetic.


They're just like, sorry, he burned to death in prison, but he's probably dead before then. This is her son has no criminal record. He's not a prisoner. How was he in a cell in prison in solitary confinement under a burning mattress? It doesn't make sense. She reports him missing one day, no criminal record. He ends up dead like found in a prison. Nobody will tell her how he died. Eventually the police say, yeah, we think he collapsed in town, was taken to the hospital and passed away. And she's like, well, how come I wasn't alerted? That doesn't make any sense. Then the next police officer, she asked, they changed the story. Oh, he got injured while he was out running errands, and then he died again.


Still doesn't explain anything. Nobody can explain to her definitively, this is his cause of death. This is what happened. And also how nobody in the family was alerted how his body was taken out of the morgue by a random person. One suspicion though is that Kgo lived in the same neighborhood as one of the prison guards that helped facilitate tabs escape. Both of them went to the same bar. They were regulars at the same bar. So they might have known each other. We don't know. So there could be a lot more sinister stuff underway, but I guess we won't know until we know, or I don't know if we'll ever know. His mother cried. This is a place where murderers and rapists are kept. How did my son end up here?


And she collapsed upon seeing her son's body again. And there's just a lot of questions about the prison itself. Would they have said anything about how suspicious the whole thing was, had the press not gotten wind of it first? Because according to the initial autopsy reports that were performed right after Tobo Buster allegedly died, they found out that he didn't die by smoke inhalation. But they didn't care to investigate. They didn't care to open up any sort of thing. They just let it happen. They didn't care. Also, how much is the facility getting paid by the government? It's a private prison. They get paid about $30 million a year USD to operate, but they're, this is what they're doing. It just feels very, very shady. Do we know how, so like Dr.


Nandy Nandi. Yeah. Dr. Nandi just straight up went to 10 different prison guards and bribed them. Yeah, I was giving them about $5,000 ish Each. Yes. And then they're like, okay. Yeah. To be fair, they do make, well, not to be fair, I don't think there's any excuse, but Yeah, yeah, yeah. To give perspective, I, they make about, I think 800 USDA month. Right. So $5,000. I know. Maybe if you're US based, it sounds like the conversion rate, it's not that much, but Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Wow. Yeah. But still that's, yeah, all it takes for, yeah. Someone to get, you know, because At the end of the day, it's still, I guess, six months salary about Right.


Wow. Wow. I just, that's very wow. Yeah. And later, one of the heads of the prison was asked I mean, it's an absolute disgrace that the victims of this man were not warned. Nobody was protected. It's an absolute disgrace, and you should hang your head and shame all of you. It's not the way you treat people. But the most important thing, answer me this, if while you are so busy protecting the secrecy of your investigation and deciding not to warn the South African public, who incidentally expect all of us, all of you to protect them and have failed all of us, if Tabba Bester had murdered another woman are worded another woman, what would you have said then? You know, that also made me think that, yes, he's only caught because he is so freaking out loud about this And Dr.


Andy's filings and just Yeah, all of that. Yeah. So what does that mean? Does that mean there are hundreds more that just got out without anybody knowing? So if Tobo Bester had even just performed the initial housing scam, taken all the money, and they had fled the country, even if they found out he would still be free, it seems. Yeah. So there must be more. A lot more. Yeah. Yeah. Now the prison head just responds, well, I'm not a speculator. And that hasn't happened. What hasn't happened. They were asked, what would you have done? What would you have said if Tavo Bester had committed another murder, if he had worded another person? And they said, well, I'm not a speculator, so I'm not gonna speculate, because that's not what happened.


So while everything is underway, there are conspiracies, however, that Tavo is in prison for taking the fall for a senior politician at the time of the murder. And that the politicians help fund his escape because it's so brazen. And that Dr. Nady was actually not having an affair with Tobo Bester, but was having an affair with the senior politician's son. And that's how she got wrapped up into all of this. But I don't know, I, I don't know. Maybe if you are more familiar with everything going on in South Africa, if you can let me know. I am intrigued by that conspiracy though. Now, I do think that Tobo is a very weird question in this whole case. I just feel like his brain needs to be studied. But even more is Dr.


Nady, she's the bigger question. Why would she even get involved in the first place? Yeah. What are your thoughts on this I mean? This whole thing has just been so bizarre. I don't feel So the photo also, you say the photo, right At the beginning you saw them buying toilet paper. Yes. Someone just snapped a photo. Yes. Because Dr. Nay is a celebrity, and that's not her husband. So they snapped a photo not knowing that the man in the photo is Tobo Bester. Oh, that was a fan snap. Like, oh look, here's a doctor so and so who's Allegedly cheating on her husband. It looks like she's having an affair. Oh. So it seems that her being separated from her husband was accepted by her friends, but I don't think she made it public.


I see. I don't think she told her followers. So it's like a paparazzi photo. Yes. Turned out they were like, wait a minute. That's the, that's killer. That's a murder. Yes. But that was dead. Yes. But they don't find out until way later. So they just kind of sit on this photo. Oh, in the photo resurface? Yes. Once everything comes apart that, oh, she's dating Tobo Best. Wow, that is crazy. And that's the ongoing case of Tobo. Best. What are your thoughts? Please leave it in the comments. And I will see you in the next one. Bye. Bye.