
Ramble.


One guaranteed way to make me cry is just remind me of the lifespan of dogs compared to most humans. Listen, my dog's Mango. I know Rotten, Mango, and Tiger have been with me since before I started YouTube, before this podcast. And I truly don't know where I would be without them, but like all I can do right now is spend time with them, take care of them so that they live the happiest and healthiest life that I can give them. Farmer's Dog is such a huge part of that. Farmer's Dog makes it easy to keep your dogs healthy, which can give you more quality years with them. So Farmer's Dog, they make and deliver fresh, healthy dog food and it's recommended by vets. My vet literally recommended me. Farmer's dog. It's nutritionally balanced and made from human grade ingredients in safe, clean kitchens. Tiffany has been bringing Cola her French bulldog over and she keeps some of his food at our house. She said that she's been having such a hard time trying to get him to eat, so I offered her some of mangoes food to give to him. She was amazed. She said that she's never seen cola so pumped for food. Farmer's. Dog is the best option for dogs at all life stages because it's, it's not kibble, it's not canned goop. It's real food. With traditional dryer, even wet food options, they're extremely processed. I mean I can hardly understand the ingredients that go into it, and it's really hard to portion. It's difficult to understand if my dogs are getting the nutrients that they need. Farmer's Dog comes pre-portioned, and it's based on my dog's unique nutritional needs. So Mango and Tiger, they eat different meals and it's so cool. Farmer's Dog is like human grade food made in safe kitchens. My dogs have been on Farmer's Dog for years now. Ever since Mango was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease, And I just noticed so many changes. They've got a healthier code, healthier skin, their breath is better. And right now you can get 50% off your first box at the farmer's dog.com/mango. Let the farmer's dog know that we sent you. So use our code or click podcast after you sign up for your first box. That's 50% off your first box at the farmer's dog.com/mango.


Bad bad. August 9th, 2024. So just a few weeks ago in Ada, India, one of the oldest medical colleges that also operates as a hospital, there's a lot of activity going on in there. The students are shuffling into the lecturing hall and you just hear these high pitched screams echoing off the walls. Something is going on inside this hospital. Something very strange by this point, even if you're a professor or a trainee doctor, a resident, you know the different types of screams. You know, one scream is of pain, one is of grief, one is of frustration and anger.


But these screams that day, they're off. They're bizarre. They sound different. They're not the typical ones that you would hear inside of a hospital. Not only that, the screens aren't coming from a patient's room or even the emergency room. It's coming from inside one of the lecture halls, because like I said, the hospital is a state run medical facility where they train future doctors and people are Screaming running out of one of the classrooms on the third floor because inside is the dead body of one of the junior trainee doctors. A 31-year-old doing her residency at the RG car Medical College. Now, for privacy reasons, we will call her Dr. D. Her parents are immediately called that their only child.


Their precious daughter was not feeling well and she, she just wasn't feeling well. That's what they're told. Dr. D's parents are obviously freaking out over the phone. What? What do you mean that she's not feeling well? Could you tell us more? And the response that they get is, well, I don't know. I'm not a doctor. What? Yeah, someone found her body and called the parents say, she's not doing well. It seems like it was the administrators of the hospital that weren't doctors. So they're just faculty and they're like, I don't know, I'm not a doctor. And so they start rushing over to the hospital when they receive another phone call. They're told that their daughter has self exited at work and nothing is making sense at this point. What do you mean? Why would she have done something like that?


There was nothing to indicate that was even remotely a thought on her mind. But even more than that, nothing makes sense. There's just no way, literally medically speaking, there's no way at all. Their daughter's body was found partially naked, covered in bruises, blood oozing out of her eyes, mouth and her private parts. There's blood flowing out. It's reported that both of her legs were bent in very grotesque positions, contorted at right angles from the hips. That could have only been possible if somebody broke and shattered her entire pelvic bone. How could she have done that to herself? Why would she have done that to herself?


When the parents start raising these big doubts and concerns about their daughter's self exiting, they're grilled by the hospital and the school headmaster asking, well, she probably had psychosis. What was her mental state like? But there's still too many questions. Why would they even call and tell the parents that She self exited? And how do you explain the 150 grams of biological fluid found on her body? This is the current ongoing case of the doctor in ADA that has been viciously gang essayed and murdered, and how the hospital and the police seem to be covering it up. Which begs the question What, are they covering up exactly who are they protecting?


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support Shatika, a nonprofit working towards gender justice in India by supporting education for women and girls. They've worked with thousands of young women and helped them with their right to to education. They provide academic tutoring as well as full scholarships. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now, a few disclaimers before we get into today's case. There are heavy mentions of essay as well as workplace violence, as well as mentions of self exit. If that is something that might be too much for you, please take it easy.


Take a break. And I will see you in the next one. Additionally, today's case is currently ongoing arrests have been made, but there seems to be questions of who else is involved. The even more complicated part, and the aspect is it's hard to know which information coming out is true and not. For example, in many cases I can tell you, Hey, there was a rumor circulating on the internet, and the police said, no, that's not what happened. Because you know, likely that's not what happened since the police have debunked it. It's a conspiracy theory. But what happens when the police themselves are not trustworthy? Can you believe them when they say something is not true? Or are they saying it's not true even when it is true, just to cover their own asses, every police official, every politician, every hospital higher up seems to have their own motives at play.


So can you even really trust anything they say? Which leads to people gathering information on social media, which for this particular case, I personally feel more inclined to believe what's been circulating on social media rather than the police. But I do agree it can be easy to spread misinformation, which just makes everything more complicated. So the problem is there's a strong confusion on what is right, what is wrong, what is accurate, and what is just a crazy conspiracy, and who and what information can you even trust at this point? As of right now, legally all accused have not been tried and found guilty. So these are all just allegations at this point. With that being said, this is a developing case and this is the information that we have at the time of filming.


Things are subject to change. If there are any major clarifications, new developments and updates, I will leave a pinned comment below. So with that being said, let's get into it. August 8th, 2024. Dr. D is a 31-year-old, second year postgraduate. She's a trainee doctor, a resident if you will, and she's working at the RG car hospital. She's about to work a 36 hour shift. What? Yeah, she's on call for 36 hours. So technically she gets to take breaks and sleep. But 36 hours oncall is a lot. It's not gonna be an easy 36 hours. I don't think any on-call shift is ever easy. But at this particular hospital, there's a running joke.


They say, this is the hierarchy at rg. Car professor, associate assistant, senior resident, matron, nurse, stray dogs, cockroaches and termites that live in the ward. Junior resident, third year, junior resident, second year, and then finally junior resident. First year she's junior resident second year by the hierarchy standards. She's the second to last tier, which means she's gotta take care of the patients. She's gotta run errands for the rest of the higher up faculty. Do their laundry, grab their tea, whatever they need, do personal chores for the professors, get the discharge cards all printed, fill in the gas, in the AC water. The coolers. Give expensive gifts to the faculty if you know that they're gonna fail you.


Otherwise, maintain your good grades, save lives, no big deal. Easy peasy. Now, all of the residents, they, most of them do get hostiles, kinda like dorms, if you will. And they're in these rather not so nice buildings is how it's described by residents that live. There're kind of creepy, they're a little bit further away from the hospital and it's too far to go back to your hostel on your on-call shift to take a quick nap. Some professors, they don't even like their residents using the hospital bathrooms. They gotta run to the nearby shopping plaza to use their restroom, come back and make sure that you don't miss anything important while you're gone. So nobody's going to their hostels to nap. To give you further context on how rough it is, if your family member passes away, someone as close as your parent condolences, thoughts and prayers, you get 24 hours before they put you on another 36 hour shift.


Wow. The female residents who have beaten the harshest conditions of misogyny and all these gender norms to get to where they are, they will be asked for sexual favors by professors when they turn them down. Now they have to work four times as hard to make sure to give the professor no real reason to fail them. They gotta work five times harder on essays to make sure the professor cannot give them a failing grade just because they were rejected. Then they're told, don't get married. Don't get pregnant. It's not gonna be good for your future. In 2023, a study was done in India, which reported that a quarter of doctors were depressed. Now, Dr. D was thankfully not in that percentage. I mean, don't get me wrong, she is not treated well in this hospital.


No junior doctor is, but she's got a strong sense of identity. It appears that she knows who she is, she knows what she's working towards, and which is almost she. She knows right and wrong. That's the vibe that I get from everything that we've researched so far. We don't know too much about her because her identity is protected, but the way that everybody describes her, she seems like she's got a really good head on her shoulders. That particular night, she's got dinner with her junior doctors at around two in the morning. One of them was playing the Paris Olympics on their phone just for them to all zone out and recoup while watching. And around 3:00 AM she decides she's gonna find a quiet spot to rest. Considering she's been on call for most of the 36 hours, it's almost the end of her shift.


Now, to give you some context, in most hospitals in the US and perhaps in most countries, hospitals have separate on-call rooms. Mm, that only doctors and nurses have access to. You need a key card access to get in. It's inside the hospital. And because you're on call, it doesn't mean that you're working 36 hours straight. But it means that if somebody needs you, you're on call, you get paged, you run to that patient. If somebody has an emergency, you get paged, you run to that patient, you're ready to go. So you've gotta stay either close by or on the premises, but you still need to get some sleep. So they have these almost dorm looking rooms in the hospital. The nicer hospitals have single dorm rooms. I've heard other hospitals have resting rooms with bunk beds where you can just quietly get some rest until you get paged.


This hospital does not have any of that. But you can't just stay awake for 36 hours to work, nor should you, I don't want my doctor to be sleep deprived when they're treating me. So it's up to the doctor to find some random quiet place where they can just rest their eyes so that they're, they're treating patients on their A game. That's what Dr. D needs. Just a quick little power nap. Now, there's two versions on what happens next. The first version being she willingly goes to the third floor into the lecture hall where you don't get a lot of traffic in the classrooms at like three in the morning, there's gonna be no patients, no other doctors hopefully, or students running in and out of the room. It's likely as private as it can probably get some sources state that the doctors regularly use the seminar halls as a makeshift call room.


That there's even mattresses that you can pull out and just lay down on the ground on. I don't know how accurate this is, but regardless, it's just a classroom, if you will. That's version one. There's version two of the events, which is that one of the people that she ate dinner with told her, Hey, why don't you go rest in the lecture hall on the third floor? We're gonna make sure that nobody comes in and bothers you because you know that's a big thing. So don't worry about it. We'll, like keep guard. Either way, she ends up sleeping up there and while she's deep in sleep, someone or a whole group of people crack open the door, slip inside, and by the time they come out, she is covered in blood with injuries all over her body.


Dr. D is laying there dead in the middle of her shift as a resident. She had been essayed and killed. But why? The next morning students find Dr. D's body. They find the crime scene I mean the whole room. There's blood on the floor, there's blood seeping out of her body. Her eyes were bleeding. This is not a question of wait, did she pass away in her sleep? What? Did she suffer from a heart attack? Did she have a medical condition we didn't know about? No, it's very clear, just one glance at her, it's clear that she's a victim of a very, very violent crime. The injuries inflicted on the doctor were extensive. It's stated by those who saw her condition, other medical professionals that not a single inch of her body was spared.


She had blood coming out of her eyes, mouth, her private parts. She had extensive wounds to her head all the way down to her neck. She had bite marks. Someone had been biting her all over her face. Deep scratch marks on her skin as well as her face. The autopsy shows injuries indicating that her mouth and nose had been clamped shut and slammed up against likely the wall. Wait, you're, you're saying someone smashed her head, Face into the wall so that the, the wall, so that she could not scream the, it stated that somebody likely did this with so much force slammed her face into the wall so hard that her eyeglasses shattered, piercing into her eyes. So the bits of her eye lenses shattered and they were embedded in her eyes.


That's why she was bleeding profusely from her eyeballs. She has injuries on her stomach, left leg, all the way down to her fingers, even her lips. I mean quite literally. Every part of this doctor was brutally assaulted and injured. Her face had been rammed and shoved into the wall. It's reported that her heel, her collarbone, her pelvic bone was either fractured or completely broken. Her legs were bent and contorted at an almost impossible angle. Now, I've never seen a picture of this. I do know that there are allegations that there are pictures of floating around of this crime scene. I'm not gonna look it up, I'm, I wouldn't advise you to either. But it's stated, from what I can gather, it seems like her legs were bent.


Imagine if you were trying to put your feet up towards your head, but then someone slams down and breaks your pelvic bone. We were trying to reread all the sources. The way that her legs are described in the state that she's found. It seems like they're bent upwards at a right angle, which would be impossible unless your pelvic bone is likely shattered or broken. Now lastly, somebody had struck her private parts with hair clips. Many reports state that the injuries with the hair clip were so bad that it would be on par with genital mutilation. Her body was covered in blood. Her cause of death was smothering and throttling, indicating that she was likely strangled to death and then smothered.


So an example would be someone strangling another with their bare hands and then covering their face with a pillow until they could no longer breathe. This is not a quick, painless process. Someone strangled her to the point that her thyroid cartilage was broken inside her neck. That takes a lot of force. It is likely that whoever did this, whoever attacked Dr. D while she was deep in sleep, was trying to take advantage of her because she's asleep. So when she wakes up, she's fighting back hard. There are wounds consistent with her trying to protect herself. Now, Dr. Raja of the CK Burla Hospital in Calta has described her injuries as probably the most gruesome that he has ever encountered in his entire lifetime and career.


Which again leads to the questions, who did this to her? Why would they do this to her? But also, why would the hospital tell her parents that she's self exited? The KTA police, they start investigating. Now there is no CCTV footage in the seminar hall room, but there are CCTV cameras placed in other locations. I wouldn't even say it's in the hallway from what I can gather. So they look at all these different CCTV cameras to narrow down the list to even know who's in the building at the time of the crime, because that's gonna be helpful. The police start sorting through all this footage. They get a list of people who could have been in that seminar room that weren't seen in other areas. They bring them all in. Now obviously, none of these people are gonna admit, Hey, yeah, I was there alone.


I'm the killer. They do have one piece of evidence. This is the only piece of evidence that the Cota police claim that they have an earbud, a Bluetooth earbud that was left at the crime scene. Whoa. Yes. So they bring all these people in. They initially question all these people and then they decide, you know what? None of these people are confessing. So gimme your phones. If your phone connects to this Bluetooth earbud, we know that you are the killer. That's their train of thought. That's crazy. Yeah. So they take each person and they start fiddling with their phones, trying to see if it's gonna connect. And finally they get a phone and it connects. The Bluetooth headphone instantly pairs the phone belongs to a man named Sanjay Roy, and they start investigating Sanjay because he's claiming that wasn't me.


I didn't do it. I mean that's my Bluetooth earbud, but that's not me. He was seen entering the building at around 4:00 AM wearing a Bluetooth headphone set around his neck. And then 40 minutes later, he exits the building with no Bluetooth headphone around his neck, even though it is literally the next day entirely. The police stated that he's still completely intoxicated. He wreaks of alcohol. So he was likely drunk that night. And all the way up until now, immediately after his Bluetooth connects, he is arrested and they start, they start trying to look into the background of the sky and he's a pretty arrogant person. I will say his background is absolutely nothing to be proud of. He was married four separate times.


The first three wives all left him because he physically abused them. Allegedly he beat one of his pregnant wives. And once she gave birth, there are claims that he kicked her in the stomach causing complications post-birth. One of his other wives, a former mother-in-law, claims that he used to torture and beat up his wife. Her daughter in total married four times, divorced three times because he's abusive. The fourth wife ended up passing away from cancer. His mother-in-law said about him. He used to drink and beat up my daughter. He once assaulted her when she was three months pregnant. She lost a child. We got her married to him because he claimed he worked with the Cota police, which would be a very respectable, honorable position.


Further allegations alleged that he molested a female doctor once and received no disciplinary action. And all of this is made even more alarming by the fact that he's a, apparently a trained boxer. That's his background. So what the hell is he doing inside the hospital? Is he a patient? Is he a relative of a patient? I mean with his criminal background, his history. What is he doing in the hospital? Why was he drunk? What did he break in? No, he works for the hospital. He works for the police. Now, he's not a police officer, but he's a civic volunteer. They're like city volunteers, if you will. The police will send them to do tasks that don't involve stopping or preventing crime. They're gonna help with traffic management.


Disaster response, they get paid. So volunteer makes it sound a lot more honorable than it really is. I mean, it sounds like he's this person that loves his community. But no, it's his job. He's quite literally employed by the police, but he is not a police officer. But it's still crazy that they didn't do a background check. Yeah. What does he do exactly though? Do we know? So at this hospital, he guides patients. This is a state run hospital. So all the security has to be provided for by the state. The hospital is not gonna get a third party private security company. They're gonna have police officers that are there to make sure everything is running okay. And they're gonna need police officers to also jump in sometimes and help guide patients.


It's a very understaffed hospital. Got it. So it's all hands on deck. The doctors are nonstop treating patients. There's a, they need more doctors. So he's like a security slash guide in the hospital. I would say more so a guide. There are more police officers that act more so like security. I don't even know if you can call them security honestly. 'cause they're kind of useless, but they're supposed to be security. He, what he does is you walk in and you're like, Hey, my stomach hurts. He's gonna guide you to where your stomach can get treated. Some doctors specialize in internal medicine. Some doctors are like gastro doctors. Right. So he's gonna Tell you where to go. Yeah, exactly. And then sometimes if a doctor is like, this patient needs to be X-rayed, he's gonna escort that patient to, I don't know, the fifth floor where the X-ray rooms are.


Got it. But there are allegations that he was utterly useless and way more harmful than he was helpful in this hospital. And obviously this is even before the murder that people are saying this, which I'm inclined to believe the night of the incident, I don't know if he already knew these people, but a apparently a patient comes in with their relative. So the patient is seen by the doctor and the relative is just sitting around waiting for their, I don't know brother. Right? And he decides I'm just gonna get drunk with this civic volunteer named Sanjay at the back of the hospital. Sanjay's supposed to be working, I imagine. And so they just get drunk. They watch some explicit videos together. Very violent porn authorities found tons of violent quote, abnormal pornographic material on this guy's phone.


They even went as far to say that he has an addiction to viewing these not normal explicit material. So I'm assuming that it was violent to the point where it was alarming. Are you talking about Sanjay or this random Sanjay? Yes. Now, after a little while drinking and watching these violent, explicit videos in the back of the hospital, the police believe that Sanjay makes his way back in and starts heading for the seminar hall on the third floor where Dr. D is resting after a 36 hour shift. Now this footage, at least to my knowledge, has not been made public, but I do think it would be fascinating to know was he bee lining it up there? Was he running into the hospital as if he's on a mission or is he stumbling about just trying to find something horrible to do?


I don't think it matters in terms of like criminal intent. That's not what I'm trying to argue here, but more so how premeditated the crimes are. Yes, that's what I wanna know. You'll see why this is important. Later, he goes back to the hostel afterwards after 40 minutes he goes back to his dorms that's assigned by the police. So he's basically going back to the police barracks is how people describe it. He went there after a murder, went back to bed. I mean he's not scared. He's not running away fearing for his life. He's not skipping town. He just goes back to his police issued room and goes to sleep. Other than trying to wipe some blood at the crime scene, he made no further attempts to hide his crime.


He didn't even wash the clothes that he wore when he allegedly murdered Dr. D, which I don't think anything is a slam dunk case, but this seems kind of like a slam dunk case. Unless he can offer up some crazy explanation for all the different suspicious pieces of evidence, we can assume that he is at least one of the killers. Correct? Well, this is where it gets weird. It has been reported that Sanjay Roy could not have done this alone. The way that the police arrest and present this information, they don't explicitly state that Sanjay did this alone, but it's almost implied they don't keep saying, we're looking for everybody else. We know there's other people involved. We know there's at least three more parties involved. We're trying to see who was colluding with him.


They're not saying that they just kind of arrest him and they're like, here you go. We made an arrest, but the medicines, they're quick to pick up on this. They're like, no, this doesn't make sense. He cannot be the sole killer. In fact, there's probably more than two. There's probably more than three. Many medicines believe that there must have been at least eight people that were involved in Dr. D's assault and murder. It's been reported that 150 grams of liquid biological fluids semen was extracted from Dr. D's body. Which yes, I do think it is an odd measurement I imagine for fluids, because that means it would've been weighed. Measuring by fluid ounces seems a tad bit more logical. But continuing on this, this train of information that's circulating on the internet, one doctor Dr.


Gwa stated that quantity cannot be of one person. It suggests that involvement of multiple people. Another states the postmortem report revealed several injuries consistent with gang r wording. Some medicines argued that one singular person can only produce about 15 grams of fluids, and that's being quite generous. I tried to look into it. The conversions are confusing and obviously it's quite theoretical. I don't think that there's a firm study or number, it's quite subjective, but it would seem two to five grams of fluid would be produced per each ejaculation. Now medicines have done some similar number crunching and they state that one person can produce approximately five to six grams in that timeframe, even if they expel the fluids two to three times because it's not gonna be the same amount each time.


Typically, the amount decreases as the frequency goes up. Meaning if it were true that 150 grams of biological fluids were found in her system, in her uterus, then there could be as many as eight people that saan killed her. One other thing that have pointed out is it's been reported that Sanjay was in the building for only about 40 minutes during the time of the crime. He was very drunk. Could he alone really have done this all in 40 minutes? Many experts have stated it would require superhuman strength for a single person to perform injuries of that extent in under 30 minutes under intoxication. Hence, there is a high likelihood of multiple suspects because remember, she is fighting back, which okay, yes, then let's just all look for all the other parties involved.


That would be the next step, correct. But many ENTs have started to feel their red flag radars go off about this. Meaning, wait a minute, everything is weird. This is kind of how it starts. Everything is unfolded in this way where the police are like, we investigated, we arrested Sanjay. They don't mention that They're specifically looking for everybody else that's involved and medicines start picking up all these weird things. First of all, why did the hospital try to sell this as a self exit to even begin with? Because this is a hospital we're talking about. Even if it weren't a hospital, there's no way anyone would look at the crime scene and think, you know what? This is a self exit. Or you know what? It's up in the air and the way that the police are treating and talking about Sanjay, it's almost like they have it in the bag.


They got the bad guy. That's it. They're done cases getting closer to justice. How have they not stated that there are likely way more suspects? It seems likely that other people are involved. And if that is the case, wouldn't it be obvious for the hospital and police to just say that? If you look at her injuries, if you look at the timeframe the case, wouldn't that be obvious, but they make no mention of it. And the one thing that medicines can only think about, especially if given the, I guess given the track record of the police in West Bengal, they think that there is corruption. It's already been deeply rooted in the police structure. So there's lots of medicines that don't trust the police with very good reason.


And so they think they must be covering up for someone. An medicine from India comments that seminar hall is very well frequented. Everyone I spoke to who has worked there, beliefs, it's impossible to commit a crime at that scale without immense amount of political backing. It's just not feasible. They're saying it doesn't make sense. You can't commit that type of crime. People are gonna hear you. People are gonna find out. People are gonna say something unless saying something is more terrifying than not saying something. Wow. And typically in places like West Bengal, they're saying that, yeah, that exists. Sometimes it's more dangerous to say something. Right? In addition to that, a lot of medicines question, how was her body not found the entire night?


Nobody heard any screams. Sure, the killer, likely the killers smothered her, pressed her face against the wall so that she couldn't scream. But it's so clear, judging by her autopsy, judging by her injuries that she fought back hard. Nobody heard a struggle. Nobody heard anything suspicious. On top of that, it's reported that Dr. D's parents were not allowed to see their own daughter's body for hours that day. And it's not like they were performing an autopsy during that time. It just felt like they were stalling. Now, there's two ways that people have theorized what's going on. One group, I would say a smaller group, think that Sanjay is a scapegoat. He's completely innocent, not innocent as a person, but innocent in this crime. They think that he's a very shady, bad character that's easy to trick and manipulate.


They probably got him drunk. He doesn't remember anything. They left his Bluetooth there. Perhaps they even asked him to do nasty things to the corpse and then proceeded to just frame everything on him. But most people think that rather than a scapegoat, he's just one of the many parties involved and he is just being thrown under the bus. It's alleged by insider sources. And I. Don't know how much of this has been verified, but there were some high profile powerful people that have connections to politicians that have flown outta the country right after Dr. D's body was found. So they're saying some of the students, some of the other doctors might have very powerful parents and they've flown out of the country after this, But those names are not Released.


I saw some names circulating, but I don't know anything about these people. Right? Yeah. And I. Don't think most medicines do. Now, one medicine who seems to have some insider knowledge posted online, we are suspecting it is the work of an intern. The intern has a high political background. His family members are of very high status, and I'm not gonna be able to say his name, but I think that's what we're all thinking. Wow. The authorities report. There was no reason for Sanjay to be in the hospital at such an odd hour. So again, everyone on like on the internet, all the medicines are thinking who else is involved? Who else is involved? Meanwhile, the police are like, Sanjay is very weird, you guys. We've arrested him, but we're telling you he's very weird.


They found scratch marks on Sanjay's body during the arrest that matched the skin and blood samples that were taken from Dr. D's nails to which they claim, he responds with a lot of, just hang me if you want. Like he seems rather arrogant. Sanjay's mother said about his arrest. If he has agreed, then what should I do? If people pressure him, obviously he will surrender. A lot of people stay there. I too have spent the entire night at the hospital. What can I say? Like in terms of why are they asking why he was at the hospital still? Because it seems like he wasn't working during those hours. Wait, so he said, hang me if you will. Like he's admitting to to the crime. He's saying that he does not admit to anything and he is just like, whatever.


Do whatever you want, Huh? Yeah, and his mother keeps continuing. He is my son, but if he has done such a thing, he should be punished. He would never tell me anything regarding his work. Most of the time he was not home. My other three daughters are married.


I just need to tell you about this audiobook that I've been listening to recently. It's like the only thing that I have been thinking about because the twists in it have me so strapped in and ready to go for the ride. It's the House made by Freedom McFadden. The book follows Anne as she takes on this whole new job with the Winchester family. It's supposed to be a good job. She's part of the family. She gets a free room even if it's in the attic, except soon Anne finds out why there's only a lock on the outside of her door because one day she can't leave at all. Let me tell you, I was listening to this audio book everywhere that I went. I mean. That's the great thing about Audible. Audible makes it so convenient for you to listen wherever you like, whether that's on the train or if you're trying to pass the time in traffic, Audible is there for you. Even if you're not in the mood for a thriller. Audible has thousands of titles available to you. I almost always have a new favorite title every single month because they just have so much to offer. It doesn't matter if I'm looking for a romance or even if I'm looking for a little bit of a thrill. Audible has it all, no matter what you're trying to listen to. Audible has you covered from podcasts, guided wellness programs, theatrical performances, and so much more. My favorite thing I've discovered is their words and music original series. It's features musicians like Mariah Carey and John Legend who give us personal sneak peeks into how they bring their magic to life. On top of that, they give exclusive performances on words and music just for their Audible listeners. So no matter where you are or what you're doing, listen to Audible for the newest and best selection of titles available. Audible members can keep one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash rotten or text rotten to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash rotten or text rotten to 500. 500 to try Audible free for 30 days.


My dog Mango has been with me through some really crazy times in life. I mean she's been with us for the past 10 years. If you guys dunno, mango is my little French bulldog with half hair. Okay. She is fuzzy only half the time, and she is literally the glue of my family. I have quite literally named an entire podcast in a YouTube channel from my dog Mango. She is the reason that these channels exist. But three years ago, mango was diagnosed with this autoimmune disease and she was always at risk of excessive bleeding. Her fur was falling out in clumps. It was, it was a pretty stressful time in my life. I was constantly emotional about Mango being in pain, and then I would be get so stressed out every time I started going over the vet bills. Every time we took her to the vet, it was like thousands of dollars because her condition was so difficult to treat. And I am just so thankful that we had savings to cover it. I wish I had known about Spot Pet a few years back. It would've just eased so much of that stress. Our partner Spot Pet Insurance is here to share a message today on how they are a secret weapon against the unexpected. Because with Spot Pet Insurance, you can get up to 90% cash back on eligible vet bills. Our dogs are always there, For us during our hardest times, and we need to be there for them too. Go to spot pet.com today and get a quote instantly. Visit spot pet.com. Pay dad from SPOT Pet Insurance Waiting Periods, annual deductibles, co-insurance benefit limits and exclusions may apply. For all terms, visit spot pet ins.com/sample. Policy insurance plans are underwritten by either independents, American Insurance Company or United States Fire Insurance Company and produced by SPOT Pet Insurance Services LLC.


So after this, the CBI gets involved. The CBI is essentially the government. It's like the FBI instead of the state local police taking care of it. The FBI gets involved. It's escalating. You know you've got more people coming in. They're coming in with forensic experts, they're coming in with investigators, and one of the questions the CBI has is was the hospital involved, which is a crazy, crazy question when you initially think about it, but here, let me give you some information. It's a state run hospital, meaning government funded AKA funded by taxpayers, but this hospital has been known for being shady. According to the times of India, RG car Medical College was known to scam sick patients.


Apparently, if a patient really needed help, they could pay their way in because like I said, it's understaffed. There's not a lot of doctors. People need to wait to get treated. Most of the patients, they can't even afford the care to begin with. But what can you do when you have to save a loved one's life? You'll borrow money, you'll do whatever you can, and the higher up at the hospital, allegedly, they took advantage of that. They're basically extorting money outta sick patients. You wanna see a doctor pay me cash under the table on top of all the legitimate medical fees, which even that has been alleged to be falsified. It stated that if two people needed the same test done, They would have one of the patients pay more to be the first one to get that test done.


A post starts circulating on the internet. It reads, there's no way to know what actually happened in Dr. D that night. I've tried to piece together a draft from bits and pieces of leaks and clues. I don't know how much of this is true, so you can consider it speculative fiction if you like. By now, everyone surely knows that a downright unethical broker syndicate is at work. So there's allegations that this hospital is involved in. Either drug trafficking, sex trafficking, Oregon trafficking, corpse trafficking, lots of different types, something, it's a sex trafficking in the hospital, but I believe it's a drug mafia. And by drug mafia, I don't just mean narcotics. I'm talking swapping of hospital medicines for profit.


The main mastermind running the Stark Empire is likely the principle of that college. This is all in a viral post. Under his protection and supervision, all the crimes are carried out with some rising leaders from the huge political party in India, the TMCP unit acting as henchmen. So basically saying the principle of this hospital is running this whole trafficking ring and the politicians are backing him, they're also profiting. Anyone who found out or protested was silenced by threats of failing the college being banned from staying in the hostel, which is effectively getting kicked out because how else can you afford to study or being prevented from taking exams, which again, results in losing their futures. As doctors, this went on until Dr.


D finally protested against what they were doing, and this was allegedly about a month ago. It said that Dr. D started facing extreme harassment. No administrators or departments tried to help her, and at some point, Dr. D realized that it would be tough for her to ever become a doctor, ever finish her residency if this kept continuing. She asked her family for help, what could her helpless elderly parents even do? Then on her boyfriend's advice, Dr. D started collecting evidence on what the school was doing, so that if anything went wrong, she could fight them legally. It said the turning point came when the department found out about this and immediately informed the henchman from the political party. They decided that they were gonna settle things quickly before it got outta hand. Allegedly, everything went as planned.


There was a patient in one of the rooms directly across from the seminar hall. They were moved, patient was moved to a different room. Everything was planned, and the face of this fall guy, Sanjay, was instructed to be seen on CCTV. Then strict instructions were given to the team of henchmen to ensure that no patient, no nurse or anyone else would come near that area during the night until at least eight in the morning. The next day while eating dinner, one of the other residents suggested Dr. D sleep in the seminar room, and then once she fell asleep in come these four henchmen and their primary goal was to silence her so that if one person spoke up, the others wouldn't follow and the cat wouldn't be let out of the bag. But if a calm, non-confrontational, studious, educated woman is suddenly murdered, the motive would be open a question, why would she be killed?


What did she know? Is the hospital weird? Did she know something? She wasn't so, so they sought and took up the old age, old weapon, our word to make people think that our word was the motive and murder followed. There is no way that petite Dr. D would've been able to fight against those four men. And the autopsy report itself shows how brutally she was tortured. Then came the twist that makes one shudder to think about. They call in Sanjay to expel his fluids on Dr. D's corpse so that if an investigation did happen, the DNA from the semen would lead them to Sanjay. He was likely tricked and told that this is no crime because you didn't kill her.


You didn't essay her while she was alive. And necrophilia is technically you're not gonna get punished under Indian law. So this is from a medicine? Yes. So this medicine had gone around and collected all the bits and clues of other zens who have come forward to say, Hey, I go to this school and I'm scared to come out and speak because look at what happens. But these are what I've heard from my other doctors, from our fellow colleagues And how, how do people feel about this theory? I would say that a lot of people believe it now, It explains. Yes. So I think there's a lot of levels to that even. I think the fact that everyone believes it, there must be a reason they believe it.


I mean, I'm sure if it was just the most out of left field crazy conspiracy theory, there would be a lot of people going, guys, we don't even, this is crazy. You guys have your tinfoil hats on. There's just no way. Yeah, but it's the fact that I would say majority of the comments genuinely believe this. And then second of all, even if it's not true, even if this becomes thoroughly debunked later, I think it's a problem that people believe it, because that means the system has already been so corrupt that people not even bat an eye, but they don't question the validity of it, because likely things like this have happened before. Yeah, yeah. So the fingers right now are pointing to the top guy in the hospital, right?


The principal of the hospital. We're gonna get into him because he's a very weird character, and then they left Sanjay's earphones on the ground as if the criminal had knowingly left the most obvious trace behind. Now, there are reports that Dr. D's car had been vandalized after the murder, and the post further alleges that was done to retrieve and destroy those pieces of evidence that she had been gathering on the hospital. Everything else went according to the script. This is how they planned it. So like I said, there are a lot of medicines who believe that the hospital was up to something shady, perhaps drug trafficking, organ trafficking even. But why I mean again, is this just conspiracy talk where we just all sit in a circle and we think about everything?


Well, I don't know, because let me tell you about the history of RG car Medical College. They've had a string of very bizarre, mysterious deaths like clockwork. In 2001, there was a very strange incident, a young man, a student was found dead, suspended from the ceiling. He was found in the student dorms of the hospital and the police. They quickly closed the student's case as a self exit case. But everyone around this young man kept pressuring the police to reopen the case and actually investigate because so many weird things had been happening before he died. It's alleged by all of the fellow doctors that he was close with, that he discovered this huge pornography ring operating inside of the hospital. They would invite sex workers to film these videos, but if they couldn't find sex workers, They would allegedly take other women's faces.


So They would take either their colleagues faces or celebrities faces, and They would grab dead bodies that are kept in the hospital for dissection and learning and strip them down, pose them in all sorts of, all sorts of positions, and deep fake the famous people or the female doctors' faces onto their bodies. In 2001, I would say that the word, it wouldn't be deep, fake, but They would basically edit. So it's not a video. Deep fake would imply. It's more so a video where their mouths are moving and it appears like they're talking, but basically editing to, to the point where you don't know that this celebrity's face had been edited onto the corpse. Whoa. And I'm sure it's not a great job.


It seems like a underground ring where they're just like, Hey, buy this fur X amount of dollars. Wow. Now he threatened to expose it, and one source would say after his death, we all knew about it, but none of us had the courage to challenge it. But when a close friend of his, another medical student was victimized by the ring, they superimposed her face onto the body of another woman, all because one of the guys in the ring tried to ask her out, and she said no. After he found out about that, he could not control himself, so he threatened to out them, and then he was found dead. Some of the anonymous colleagues state that the group was being protected by powerful politicians, but he just couldn't sit and watch all these women get victimized.


But before he could even do all of that, before he could try to expose them, he was found dead, and it's reported that his death just does not align with self exit. Some sources state that he had a handkerchief stuffed into his throat. The door to his room was locked, and it had evidence that it was likely forced open. Recently he was found suspended from a ceiling fan with a very short nylon string. That length was too short for him to do this to himself, like there was nothing, no piece of furniture that could get him that tall up. Does that make sense? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So It just, it didn't make any sense, but it was forgotten about that. In 2003, just two years later, another staff member from the medical college self exits by jumping off the roof of the hostel.


But before he falls to his death, he allegedly pushes sedatives into his own veins. So he sedates himself, then grabs medical scissors and physically goes in and cuts his veins entirely, and then he jumps. People are like, that just doesn't make any sense, Right? He left no note behind. It appears that his close friends and family, they don't think that he would've self exited, which again, I think it's very hard to say who has the, that's why it's so dangerous, because you never really know what someone is thinking in their mind. But these are medical students who think the sequence of events of his self exit just are very unnatural and very bizarre.


They sound very strange. It suspected that he too could have found out about some sort of explicit ring that was operating in the hospital. In 2016, a professor was found dead inside of his home. By the time that the authorities came, his body was badly decomposed. There were bruises on his face and blood stains on the floor of his room. It seems like his death was deemed due to massive heart failure. Massive heart failure. Yeah. People thought it was weird. The bruises on his face, the blood on the walls, and then just heart failure. It's odd. Then in 2020, there was another self exit of a junior doctor who leaked from the building. Then another one in 2020 from a trainee doctor, and then in 2023, just last year, a medical intern overdosed on antidepressants.


Everything is being deemed a self exit, which could be true because this is a hospital that I think nowhere in the world really takes care of their doctors that well, considering the type of trauma that they go through to treat patients and the type of pressure that they're under. But specifically, this hospital also struggles to even give them on-call rooms to provide safe measures for their staff and doctors. So yes, depression is likely rampant, but it's just odd. Everything is odd and people are just bringing it up again because this hospital is not this squeaky clean hospital. Yeah. Another viral post reads, two staff and one intern were running a sex and drug ring in the chest department, which is where Dr.


D was working in the chest medicine department. Dr. D objected and threatened to expose them, and for the last two months, they were harassing her in all the possible ways. Seniors remained silent. The girl complained to her parents that she did not wanna go to this college anymore. On that fateful night, those boys went to the seminar room to threaten her. An altercation leads to violence. They kill her to silence her, and now the four boys have been taken in for questioning, but nobody wants to talk about it. Basically saying, let's see what comes out of this. Another claim further alleges, one of the interns who fought with her and then tied her up, breaking her bones and torturing her and everything, was a woman, a female intern who is one of the guy's girlfriends. She helped the male interns break her bones.


They were stomping on her to crush her ankles so that she couldn't run 'cause she was fighting back then. They strangled her to death, and the men are worded her dead body. Then they washed their hands, clean themselves up in a sink, which is now being broken down during hospital renovations. Oh yeah, we're gonna get to it. The hospital immediately starts, quote, renovating the crime scene room. That is crazy. The renovation is, I would say pretty solid, but the rest of the stuff is not verified. Social media posts, they've just been widely circulating along with some names. So it does appear that whoever started these posts, it sounds like they are from the school, which is not verification in and of itself, but there are names circulating.


So it's not just like random people on the internet, like he, he, this is what's happening. One zen gives even more graphic detail, and again, this is not verified, just another post. They state that Dr. D was tortured for six months straight, that they plotted her murder. She was told to sleep in the seminar hall, and nobody else was allowed to enter. They let seven to eight drunk people enter as well, and they proceeded to grip her hands and feet and stretch them so hard that her pelvic bone broke. They just grabbed all her limbs and started pulling in opposite directions. She was made to lie on her belly, and they stomped on her. They smashed her skull, and the intern girl was also involved. Then after killing her, they went out and told Sanjay, who was very much into violent and violence and sex workers to go inside the hall and essay her dead body, and they wanted his semen to be found inside of her, allegedly.


This post was stated by a professor of RG Carr, and then someone wrote it into a post is what it appears like. Another medicine has been begging for clarification on these posts writing. Please, please, please, if you know anything, post anonymously. If these are true, then expose as much information as you can. If it's just a myth, then at least debunk it all. If you are from RG car, please just anonymously say something and nobody's saying anything. Nobody from the hospital is saying anything publicly. They are publicly saying stuff about how this case needs justice. They've been complaining about the lack of security. They've been complaining about workplace gender violence, but nobody's saying anything about these rumors, which leads a lot of medicines to believe that they are true.


Hmm. And because think about these hospital staff and these doctors. If it is true, if they saw what happened to Dr. DI, I don't know if I would post I'd be, because it's so, it's right next to you. It just happened. The fear is probably running rampant now. If it's not true, you could easily come out and say it's not true. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The hospital is not evil. Trust you Guys. Yeah. Or like, yeah, there's stuff wrong with the hospital, but like, I don't really believe this. Like obviously guys, this is taking focus away from the real problems of the hospital, which is security and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I feel like that would be very easy for somebody to do. Right? So the fact that nobody's debunking it says more about the validity of these rumors then, you know.


Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Which is why I'm including it in this episode again. 'cause it's, it's very hard to trust the authorities for this case. Now ENTs have again found it odd that nobody's speaking up. Some ENTs have even stated that it's because the people who work there, they all tried to speak up before. Look at what happened in 2001, a few years later in 2016. Look at all these instances. Dr. D's father states efforts are on to hide the truth. I do not understand why the hospital authorities were delaying the initial investigation. We want justice. So even the parents are being a little bit cryptic, which leads Edisons to believe what's going on. Things are weird.


Yeah. That's crazy. Like this hospital, there's must be like, it's a hospital, school, hospital. Hundreds of people. I don't know how many people's in there. Like It's a lot of people. And not only that, but this hospital is known to be understaffed. So there's a lot of patients usually waiting around. Hmm. Demanding to see doctors. So there, there's a lot of activity. And that's why the medicine who posted this is a pretty busy hospital that makes it suspicious. Someone who blatantly commits crimes like that in such a busy area, they usually have some sort of powerful backing. Right, Right. It's not the work of some street criminal is how they're implying. Yeah. Yeah.


Now let's talk about the principle. The principal had a role in stopping the investigation, allegedly even by initially telling the parents that it was a self exit. So when the principal Sandeep, gosh, was asked about the murder, he just asked why did the girl go to the seminar hall? Was there really no other place? Didn't she know not to go there at that type of time? What? Yeah. That was his initial response. And then to make it even worse, in India, they prefer not to release the names and photos of the victims unless their family expressly wants to. But allegedly, the principal of the school decides he's gonna make that call. I, from what I can tell from our research, it seems like he's the one that initially released her name. 'cause her name is out there. We're not using it, but it's out there.


Wow. It stated that he was the one that revealed the student to the general public. The hospital itself also released a statement, I'm sure under his watch and his direction and advisory is what they called it for women in their hospital and school to read and to follow the instructions. Which is already frustrating because a woman died in the hospital. Women don't need advice. Women don't need input. Women need protection and women need men to follow the rules. But the advisory urges women to avoid situations where they are alone. This isn't a workplace, by the way. Wow. You don't really get to make that decision. And that sh first of all shouldn't even be advice generally speaking, but imagine you're at work and your manager is like, Hey, go down to the stock room and grab some more supplies.


And you're like, actually no, I can't be alone. You would get fired. They further advise the woman to quote, graciously interact with the public so that you do not attract unnecessary attention of ill-intentioned people. They state that the female employees and students should act, quote, composed, and quote, interact graciously. This is real. Right? This Is real. So just another reminder, Dr. D was graciously taking a brief nap after catering to and saving lives for 36 hours. If that's not graciously interacting with the public, saving their lives, then I don't know what is. Wait, this is after the murder?


Yes. They put this out there. Yes. After the murder. Crazy I mean who authorized this statement. The rest of the advisory goes on to recommend that female doctors, students, and staff should avoid isolated, poorly lit and unpopulated areas inside the hospital, inside their own workplace. As if that's a choice they even have. Again, patient is dying. You think a doctor's gonna be like, sorry, it's poorly lit and not many people over there. I'm just gonna stay here with my buddy. 'cause it's a buddy system. The doctors are further told in this advisory to refrain from leaving their hostile their rooms during the night unless it's absolutely necessary.


Again, what I mean, first of all, not even advice you should be giving, it's backwards. But second of all, these doctors are on call. They're taking night shifts. What do you mean? What do you mean you're, you are saying, Hey, don't do anything I tell you to do, but if you don't do it, I'll probably fire you. It's like saying, come to work, but try not to get raped and killed. Yeah, no, that's exactly what they said. Yeah. Yeah. The advisory is all sorts of victim blaming. It's your standard. What were you wearing? Why did you drink alcohol? Why were you out so late at night? I mean, which is already heinous, but on top of that it's irrelevant because it doesn't even apply to this case whatsoever. Like, first of all, that should never happen. Second of all, what are you even talking about right now?


Dr. D just finished a 36 hour overnight shift at the hospital where she works as a doctor saving lives. She did not leave the hospital. She, she went to the seminar hall to take a brief rest because there were no dedicated spaces for doctors to recoup from, you know, saving lives. She was not acting ungraciously either. And if they're implying she was in a poorly lit, isolated area, then again, all of this sounds like a them problem. It sounds like the killer's problem and the facility's problem, the advisory was ripped apart the minute it was released. I mean, why are we still implying that women are responsible for preventing acts of violence towards themselves? One that is in rote, their advisory should be for the men and not the woman.


Another that is in rights. How can any female doctor, student or staff member ever feel safe in their workplace ever again When they read that, this statement is from their bosses and there's a saying, don't throw stones from glass houses. A lot of allegations start circulating about the principle that he would fail students for no reason at all. If he just didn't like you. He would invite students over to his guest house and supply them with alcohol, which is just creepy. And he needs to be fired for that. And there's really no studying being done at the school. That's the allegation that all these students, they worked their whole life to get to this school. And it's alleged that the professors will give you a passing grade if you do everything that they want you to do.


Which usually consists of running their errands, doing their quote bitch work, if you will. I mean things that have nothing to do with actual learning. And guess what? The students have to do it because their parents likely put everything on the line. Like this is their only hope for their family. Like they have to become a doctor. The allegations only get worse. There was allegedly an investigation into corpses that the students were practicing on. 'cause you know, most medical facilities, they get medical corpses, cadavers to practice autopsies on. Well, some of the parents of the body stated that they never gave permission to the hospital to take their loved one's body for these dissections. And it became this whole investigation into the chain of command and into the chain of possession.


And nothing really came of it. Principal Sandeep GOs was the key figure that keeps haunting this medical college because an allegation will form, he will be suspended from being the principal. Then he'll be reinstated almost immediately. And guess who's reinstating him? The people in charge. The politicians, because this is a state run hospital, so there are likely some strong connections he has to politicians because yeah. How does he keep getting reinstated? Yeah, but the most insidious rumor being that Mr. Sandeep was running some sort of a legal ring out of the hospital that Dr. D found out about. It seems that most people agreed that it was likely drug related. So swapping out the hospital medicines, crazy pain relievers, swapping them out with stuff that is not a real pain reliever, and then selling those, it's alleged that he has close ties with politicians in that area.


And in the end, he resigned after three days after the murder, he stated that he cannot take the humiliation and criticism on social media. He believes all the comments are falsely accusing him of things that never happened. He said, I'm being defamed on social media. They've been talking rubbish things about me. That's the reason, you know, I'm resigning. And the girl who died, she was like a daughter to me. He states as a parent, I decided to resign. He more or less pouted. And if that's how they feel about his lifetime of work and dedication, then fine, I'll just quit. That's genuinely the energy he was giving. And he immediately resigned and within four hours got a brand new job as the principal in another medical college state run facility in the same city within four hours.


He takes his position. He did not resign. No. He just transfer. Transfer out of the problem. And it actually is a better college, from what I can tell that is online. Crazy. A lot of medicines in the area are saying it's actually more of a promotion than anything. Yeah. And he's like, I'm, I'm out. Like I'm not taking care of this. No, don't come for after me. Yeah, yeah. But again, political ties. Yeah. Because if this is how much fire he's under right now and he's still being transferred to a new hospital. Yeah. That means whoever politician he's involved with, they're probably very powerful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. And we don't know who. We don't know who.


And even if they're powerful, that's not enough. He must have something on them too, as the implication by a lot of medicines. Yes. Because yes, if these politician friends of his are very powerful and he's in hot water, guess what? They'd probably turn around and be like, okay, sorry, I don't know how to help you be. Yeah, I don't wanna be involved. But if they're transferring him, it's likely a show of I'm I gotta help you out. Don't say anything. Yeah. So let's, let's protect each other. I mean a lot of ENTs are saying he can't even protect his students at this school. What makes any establishment feel like he's capable now? He's already failed spectacularly. Why give him any benefit of doubt? Thankfully, the students at this new school are not just accepting this at the new college that he was assigned.


They have barricaded and locked his office door so that he cannot get in. One comment argues, the principal is supposed to be the guardian of the doctor in the building. If he doesn't even show empathy, who will? He should be at home not working elsewhere. Why does the state government protect him? Something feels like it's missing here. Yeah. It also does not help that He's quite dramatic. He's doing the whole woe is me thing. Gosh. Goes on to request protection from the Calcutta High court claiming that his life is under threat, which has led to a lot of conspiracies because again, why would the hospital initially even try to push the self exit angle to the parents? It's unbelievably dumb that it doesn't even make sense to go with that.


It almost begs the question of why. Why push a ridiculous angle like that? Unless you have something or someone you're trying to protect. If someone has no bias in this case, no sinister motive. I just can't see anyone with any sort of mental capacity beyond the age of two hours old that They would believe that this is a self exit. It is also alleged that when the parents first approached the police officers to demand answers, they were offered a monetary settlement. They were told to quickly cremate their daughter's body. And it was strongly implied to them that they should not dig into this matter any further. One thing that's important to note is for this case specifically, had this case not been mishandled, nobody would resort to trying to learn information on social media.


So this is a case where I mean people have to go to social media because they can't trust anything that's being put out right now. Mm. It's not a bunch of ENTs who are like, Ooh, let's try to sensationalize this and make all these conspiracy theories. It's no, truly, you cannot trust anything that's coming out. And I will say the way that the information is being is being spread on the internet. It doesn't feel disorganized. It feels like a very collective measure by a lot of people trying to get the word out there, which speaking of a tweet starts circulating with a video of some sort of construction work being done. And the caption reads, tampering of evidence started in the name of renovation in the chest department of the RG car Medical College at nearly 20 meters from crime scene.


Question mark. What is need of renovation at this time? Question mark. Reconstruction work, painting work has already started. It stated that they have started remodeling the seminar hall specifically in the chest medicine department. The timing, it feels like they're trying to get rid of evidence. I mean. Yeah. I don't know how valid the tweet is. I believe it, but it's just, it doesn't make any sense why They would even do that. Why? What are you doing? And sure, you could argue, what if they need to use the room? What if they need to save more lives? This is a seminar hall. It's not in the middle of the emergency department where there's equipment hooked up that you cannot move. You need to save patients.


This is a classroom that they're not even gonna need to use. In fact, because many of the students and the doctors, not just from this hospital, but all around India and even across the globe, there was a whole, there was a protest in Times Square in New York City. They're trying to strike. They're trying to protest what's going on. Female doctors are saying that all the younger girls are coming up to them asking, is this even the right path? Why? You see there's a protest at Times Square. There was, yeah. There was a gathering in Times Square about this case. Yes. Wow. So it seems like a global organizational effort because I mean this is such wow. Now young girls have been coming up to female doctors asking, is it even worth it?


Like, do you know how hard it is to be a doctor? Period? Do you know how hard it is to be a doctor, a female doctor in India? It's so hard. Why go through all of that? Why give up everything so you can get essayed and murdered in your workplace? What's the point of doing that? It doesn't make any sense. So now all the doctors have decided to strike a lot of the male doctors as well. Their demands have been, and they're not even really demands for anything spectacular. Their demands are for safe environments so that doctors can, and staff can focus on saving lives, which is not even really a demand. It's not a crazy thing to ask for. One doctor said the hospital has always been our first home.


We only go home to the hostels or anywhere to rest. We never imagined it could be this unsafe. Now, after this incident, we are all terrified. Speaking of women make up nearly 30% of India's doctors and 80% of the nursing staff. A study also showed 75% of doctors in India have faced some form of violence at work. There's basically no security in hospitals, which is dangerous for all the doctors, but more so for female doctors. Another female doctor in Licata said, it's really bad. There are no resting rooms, no separate toilets either for female doctors. She said, I use the patient's bathrooms or the nurse's toilets if they allow me when I work late, I sometimes sleep in an empty patient bed in the ward or in the cramped waiting room.


But she can never really rest. She's always got one eye half open, one ear half listening, because a few years ago she said she was resting in between a 24 hour shift when some random men barged into her room and started touching her body to wake her up. They're like shaking her as if she's their wife or something. Shaking her leg, shaking her arm her, get up, get up. See my relative, come on, my relative's sick. It's not that they're urgently waking her up. That's not the problem she's having. Just to clarify, it's not like, Hey, please, you like my my family friend is dying. You gotta help hurry. It's the fact that they just walk in and feel like they can touch her wherever to wake her up. It's not a light tapping on the door.


It's not a knocking on the bedside table like, hello, please. I'm so sorry. It's an emergency. It's not a please, you gotta help me. It's the fact that they're just touching her body as if she works for them, belongs to them, not works for them, but like you get what I'm saying? Yeah. Like she's their property or something. And I'm sure she felt extra vulnerable since she was asleep. Technically, they could've done other things and she would've been taken off guard. She said, I was completely shaken by the incident we never imagined. It would come to this point though, where a doctor would be essayed and murdered in a hospital. Another female doctor reports that she was alone in the ICU when three men came in aggressively forcing their way into her face, demanding a controlled substance, a drug she refused.


But they kept throwing around very powerful politicians names. And they were so aggressive. She analyzed the situation and knew that her patient's safety was the most important. So she gave in, she gave them the drugs and just wanted them out of there. Another female medical student at RG Carr said that her dad would come to work with her because she didn't feel safe. He wouldn't just drop her off. He wouldn't just pick her up. He would come to work with her and sit in the waiting rooms. And then when she needed a break, she would sit down next to her dad and fall asleep on his shoulder and he would keep guard. No freaking way. Even the school housing was dangerous. She said. From dusk, a group of boys would gather around the house, make very lewd sexual comments.


As we went in and out for emergencies, They would ask us to check their blood pressure. 'cause they just wanted us to touch them and for them to touch us. And They would peek through our broken bathroom windows. There are some police officers stationed at the public hospitals, but they're quite useless. It appears. She said, once a group of drunk men passed by me and created such a ruckus, one of them even started groping me when I ran to the police officer to complain. He had fallen asleep with his gun in his hand. Many doctors, healthcare workers shared the sentiment of medicines, which is she was our sister. We cannot let her blood be wasted. Groups have rallied on the streets to peacefully protest. They called it reclaim the night.


They marched shoulder to shoulder. And this is the eve the night before India's Independence Day. And a lot of male doctors even said, we don't want independence. We just want security. Like this is so ironic. It's happening. The night before the Independence Day, they were marching not just in Kta, but also in the capital of New Delhi. Many doctors immediately stopped working across most departments that did not need to treat life-threatening patients with life-threatening conditions. So the emergency departments, they're still open. There's doctors working, but for anything elective, they're striking. One news reporter states, it happened inside the hospital premises.


It's a medical college. It's a big deal. If you look at it from the perspective of safety and security. The victim's father stated, those who are protesting right now, they feel like my own sons and daughters. They feel like my own children. Hundreds of doctors took to streets with signs. Justice delayed is justice, denied. No safety, no duty. Let doctors heal, not deal with violence. We want justice. Doctors save lives. Let's save theirs. Hands that heal should not bleed. One doctor said, doctors who work for 36 hours to take care of the patients. It's a very shameful thing to see that such a thing has happened to them. Another protestor said, night duty is not an uncommon thing at a stretch.


If a doctor is doing 36 hour duty and taking a five minute break to rest, and this kind of incident is happening to that person, it is horrendous. It needs to be condemned. Another protestor said, it's a girl who has been raped and murdered in her own safe space. This is not okay. So first it starts with this candlelight protest by women and men all holding candles, protesting, seeking justice, demanding answers, young people seeking answers from the government. And it's, I do wanna mention, there's so much going on. I think the case itself would've caused outraged had it happened anywhere. But you also have to remember that we live in a society, even in the US where it's like, Hey, get a good job as a woman.


Get a career. Don't depend on men. Make your own money and you'll be safe. And then this happens in the workplace. Everything that has been told to women has been built on a lie is the feeling. Yeah. You told me if I don't hang out the hang out with the wrong people, you told me, if I only study, if I wear these types of clothes, all I do is go to school. All I do is become a doctor and then I get a job and then I can feed my family. Then everything will be okay. And it's like, no, nothing is okay.


Knowing how to speak and understand a new language can be an invaluable tool when traveling, meeting new friends, or just even a master new skill. But it's not always simple when you're bogged down by textbooks and structure classes. That's why so many people trust Rosetta Stone. Rosetta Stone is the most trusted language learning program available on desktop or is an app. It truly immerses you in the language you wanna learn like Spanish, French, Italian, Chinese, and more. You won't just be studying English translations. The Rosetta Stone intuitive process helps you pick up a language naturally first with words, then phrases, then sentences. Don't put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now to get started. For a very limited time, listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash RS 10. That's 50% off, unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off at Rosetta Stone dot com slash RS 10 today.


Okay, you can do this. I know, I know. Carvana makes it so convenient to sell your car. It's just hard to let go. My car And I have been through so much together. But look, You already have a great offer from Carvana. That was fast. Well, I know my license plate in Vin, my heart and those questions were easy. You're almost there now to just accept the offer and schedule a pickup or drop off. How'd You do it? How are you so strong in letting go of your car? Well, I already made it my mind and Carvana's so easy. Oh yeah, true. And sold. Go to Carvana.com To sell your car the convenient way.


There were candles everywhere until there weren't. About 2000 people storm in and they storm into RG Carr near the protest and they destroy the hospital. 2000 people. There's not a direct number. It seems to be about 2000. Some reports say anywhere between a thousand to 2000 men primarily come in. They break up the protest storm into the hospital. They, there's videos, smashing chairs, tables breaking windows, flipping over, police cars, ransacking the entire emergency department of RG car.


It's really bad. Literally nothing is left unturned. Everything is smashed. Police come in, they tear gas the whole place. The mob destroys the emergency department, the back staff rooms, the changing rooms for nurses, the pharmacy. They also destroyed a big portion of the seminar hall where the crime took place. Allegedly, almost all the CCTV cameras were broken. Now this is where it gets weird. Okay, who are these people? Yeah, what are they doing? It doesn't even make any sense. So who's Organizing that? Exactly. That is the question that people have. Everything that all these doctors and students have organized. Everything is a peaceful protest. And you also have to think about the group that we're dealing with.


We're dealing with hospital staff and doctors. They have taken oaths to not harm. They're not gonna go and harm the property. That saves people's lives. Yeah. They're not gonna ruin their own hospital. It doesn't make sense. All of their organization were peaceful protests to get attention to organize global efforts to spread the word about this case. That's how they're trying to get help, right? Yes. This mob comes in, there have been eyewitness reports that stated that the mobs came in in trucks. Like you see these, not even like pickup trucks. They seem like military trucks. You know the trucks that you would move big garbage bags in like dumpster trucks and the backs are open. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you could fit probably 10 couches in there.


Right. Stacked on top. They're just coming. There's videos of them coming into the city. What? So somebody is organizing this. Okay. So they came in, went straight to the hospital, start destroying everything. The police came tear gas. Yes. Now the police, there's multiple reports that are odd about the police. Okay. So one eyewitness report stated it seemed like the police made way for them. Whether they were scared or whether they were told to, we don't know. What do you mean? They made way, they practically let them in to the hospital. That's what an eyewitness said. Now we don't know if that means they made way because they're like, you know what, that's a lot of people. I'm not getting involved.


Don't look at me. This is just my job. This is above my pay grade. We don't know if it's that or if the police were told to just let these people in. Okay. So thousands of people. Yes. It should be so easy to arrest a bunch of them. Yeah. There have only been 20 arrests, 20 something arrests so far. Nurses that were working the hospital that night said police were hiding in the bathroom. Yeah. They asked us for space to hide in our nursing quarters. What? Yeah. And when one nurse was trying to get a police officer to stop, because there's patients, there's, you know, there's hospital staff here. The police were like, your safety is your priority.


What? Yeah. He's like, you worry about yourself. I'm gonna worry about me. Doctors and nurses have been injured by the mob. So now there's multiple theories circulating online. Right. Which is that this mob either came in to destroy evidence inside the hospital because it would be very suspicious. All eyes are on this hospital right now. If the hospital starts destroying evidence, doing things, overturning stuff, getting rid of papers, getting rid of the medicine that's been swapped, allegedly, then it would be very suspicious. However, if you have a thousand people coming in, even if you find medicine that's been quote swapped, then you could be like, yeah, well the chain of command has been broken. We don't know who's touched that. Anyone could have touched that.


Anyone could have come in and done that. It could have been one of the one to 2000 people that came in. So it seems like many medicines believe it wasn't an effort to destroy evidence. And the second part is now the politicians are pointing fingers at each other. Yeah. So you've got the party in power. Now I'm not much of a politics person. I, I find it very hard to grasp, especially when it's not in the region that I live in. Right. Because it's, it's always a little bit harder. There's so much nuance. And then you also have to know which news outlets are biased in India to which political party, like in the US the news outlets, they all like one political party. Right. So I, I couldn't, I can't tell you too much confidently, but it seems like the party in power of West Bengal right now is alleging that the opposite, the opposing party sent in the mob to make their government look even worse.


And then the opposing party is alleging that the party in power set in the mob to destroy evidence or to break up the protest and give a bad name to the protestors so that they can, you know, they always wanna give a bad name to protestors. That happens in the US as well. Wow. This is so just everything is so complicated. Yeah. Yeah. And this is just what I know. If there's anything you can clarify for me or additional information, please leave it in the comments. It, it was really rough because we kept thinking, okay, which ones are biased? Nothing can be really confirmed. 'cause a lot of the developments are on social media. Everyone wants to remain anonymous for their safety, which is so understandable.


So it's just been very difficult. And a high court chief justice questioned the state government. So the current party in power on how they could let this happen. How they could not protect the hospital or its workers during this mob. After Dr. D's murder, they asked at this point, how are doctors gonna try and work without fear? The government in power, the people in power pushed back saying that they had all these barriers in place to prevent vandalism or a mob. But suddenly about 7,000 people came storming in. They did what they could. They fired tear gas. Police officials were getting injured. They high, they tried, but it's 7,000 people to which the high court pushed back. If 7,000 people were able to enter and do this, it's hard to believe that state failure wasn't there.


The argument being that maybe it's more acceptable if 15 people slipped through the cracks. But if you're talking 7,000 people, the organization that would be required to even get to the location. You're telling me no police officer saw them coming in? Yeah, they're saying it's just a lack of security entirely. Which I will say it doesn't seem to be 7,000 people. Most sources that I could find said anywhere between one to 2000, which is still an insane amount of organization. The police commissioner made a statement for the mob as well. This is the ADA police commissioner. If you say it is a failure of assessment, the entire protest was supposed to have been a very peaceful protest. That is my understanding. There was no such intelligence.


We also made an assessment on the basis of whatever is available. We deploy our resources and try to see what that law and order is maintained. So the assessment failure is not the first time it has happened. Whether in calta or elsewhere. They do happen at times. There's adequate security and we are committed to it. Now, I will say that most Indian medicines, they're not trying to get political. They're not trying to say, I defend the people in power. I defend the opposing party. They're not even putting their political biases. I would say across the board, most Indian medicines feel like everybody in power is just messing things up. They're so corrupt. Most of them are corrupt is the sentiment I'm getting. So they're not saying no, this party is arguing this party.


They're like, no, we hate all of you. We want justice. We don't care about your political party. It seems like everybody's just trying to play the blame game right now. If one politician is asked about the situation, like the one in power right now, they'll respond. What about you? What about sexual violence in your state? Another politician who's part of the ruling party, he hit back. Tell me one state where rape has never happened. Difference is in other states. Nobody took action, but we did. So yeah, regardless of political affiliations, that's kind of a wild statement to make. So as for where we are now, it seems that a total of 20 plus arrests have been made so far in regards to the case, though it does appear most of them have to do with vandalism rather than the initial crime or some sort of trafficking ring, which makes it seem like the CBI is coming in and making an arrest.


But A CBI agent stated, we are looking into data by Sanjay's phone to ascertain whether Or not he made any video or internet voice calls. They further state. The parents told us they suspect the involvement of multiple people behind the essay and murder of their daughter. They have given names of a few interns and doctors who worked with her at the hospital. We have identified at least 30 suspects and have started questioning them. The police are also now seemingly backtracking on everything they say. We never said there was only one person. We said, we are waiting for scientific evidence. It takes time. They also express their frustrations with the public. They argue that the public just wants them to arrest people. The police commissioner states he can't just arrest people willy-nilly. He said, I'm angry. I'm extremely angry at what has happened.


We have not done anything wrong because of this malicious media campaign. The police have lost the trust of the people because of this. They also accused the public of spreading misinformation. I don't know how trustworthy they are so far. I personally would take everything the police says with a container of assault without the backing of doctors from the hospital or the victim's parents. I just am hesitant to believe anything. But the police has stated that there was a rumor circulating that there were at least three separate men's biological fluids left on Dr. D's body. They argue it is impossible to distinguish semen from three individuals with the naked eye during an autopsy. Some ENT have taken this statement as a fact to show that maybe there is false information spreading about multiple parties being involved or like the way we've gotten there.


So they're saying, yeah, maybe there's multiple parties involved, but you can't really say it's because of the biological fluid. But other ENTs have picked apart the wording saying nobody was really saying that there were three separate individuals. They said it's probably more than just Sanjay. So you gotta arrest the rest. Three is a very specific number. Additionally, nobody was arguing that you could distinguish it with the naked eye during the autopsy. They were saying that one person probably didn't do this on their own. Then the police said, Hey, the 150 grams of semen that's been circulating on the internet, that's not true. They're arguing that her uterus weighed 150 grams and someone misread the postmortem account and it's just been spreading like wildfire. Most ENTs are skeptical of the police about this because they're like, first of all, that's such an odd rumor to be spreading.


And second of all, even if it's not true, we still don't like you and we still feel like there's more than one person involved. The end result is what matters. Like all this in between doesn't really matter at the end, the zens are saying likely more than one person is involved. So go get them. But the police are doubling down, stating Zens are spreading scientifically and legally impossible information. Police officers further claim that Dr. D's collarbone and pelvis were not broken. They state no broken bones were found in the autopsy. But ENT have argued either that is a flat out lie based on witness statements that they believe to be much more credible than the police. Considering it's a hospital, there are probably junior doctors, resident doctors that are had seen or perhaps she had fractures to her bones, which again should not be considered suddenly less severe.


Like what are we arguing here? That the, that the crime was a tiny bit not as bad as we think it is. It's still one of the worst crimes we've recently talked about. What do you mean? They also argued that 'cause you remember the parents were offered compensation. They argued, no, no, no. We're not trying to shut them up. We're legally obligated to provide compensation for families who have victims of murder SA and acid attacks. So I mean we had to but Zens, they either believe and they argue that's not the point. And if that is the case, why didn't you make that clear to the family of the victim? Clearly they felt like you were pressuring them for some reason.


maybe you didn't explicitly say it, but you could have just told them, Hey, do whatever you want with Dr. D's body. Cremate her, don't cremate her. Do whatever you feel you need to do for justice. But we are required to give you this legally because you are a family member with a victim of a violent crime. This is the law. This doesn't stand in your way of justice, but the way the family felt, it felt like if we take this money, we're not gonna get justice. Probably is v Yeah, is true. Yeah, I think so too. They also blame the media for the actions of the mob that vandalized the hospital stating that the mob was a result of wrong and malicious media campaigns. They're saying like the mob was formed because the media was talking about all of this in such a way.


Yeah, the Kata police commissioner has stated, my deputy commissioner who is protecting the boys is unconscious. And what has happened here is because of the wrong malicious media campaign, which has been going too far as the Kata police are concerned, what have we not done? We have never said that there was just one person. I cannot arrest any persons on the basis of rumors. We have been transparent. The case has now been transferred to CBI, but the media campaign has put kata police in poor light. I'm telling you, from the core of my heart, we have not tried to protect anybody in this, which is an accurate statement. Honestly. They're not trying to protect their civilians. They're not trying to protect doctors or nurses or anybody or Dr. D, but it continues. In this case, they have done everything.


And I'm saying everything under my command. My men have worked day and night to collect evidence. They have collected the best evidence. The main accused has been arrested. How ironic that he's crying about his reputation. Like he is so bothered. Yeah, by his reputation right now. It's like the principle. Yeah, yeah. So now we still have the questions that the CBI are apparently investigating, which is was the doctor Essayed by one or many was the accused alone? Was Sanjay alone in this crime? Was evidence destroyed after the crime? Why was the murder first reported as a self exit? Was the hospital involved and why were the cops only informed the morning after the doctor was murdered?


This case, I think it's angering because it was completely preventable. That's the frustrating part. First of all, all SA and murder is preventable. They are not accidents. Someone is deciding that this is okay and someone has decided that is worth the consequences. And in many cases, especially for SA alone, the consequences barely exist for perpetrators. Now side note, regardless of whether Or, not people believe Sanjay to be the scapegoat or just one of the many assaulters and killers, his former mother-in-law states, he was a violent person. He did not care for consequences. And then he was hired by the police after doing all of this. It just, then he's hired by the hospital. The hospital just takes him in. Nobody does a single background check.


Nothing I mean. This could have been averted. The mother-in-law states, had he been arrested for beating my daughter or lost his job for beating my daughter or faced any sort of action for beating my daughter, he might not have been involved in this. He might not have killed her. Whether you believe he's the one that killed Or, not. It's just another situation of like, really we're doing nothing to protect anybody. Many people have been comparing this case to the bus rape incident where a young student was gang essayed and murdered on a bus. Yes. But also a lot of people are comparing it to a few other cases that have happened. And, I. Don't wanna say compare. I don't think anyone's sitting there like, let me compare which one is worse.


It's just a reminder of when this happened, we all thought it would never happen again. And here we are. It has happened again. To be more specific, Arun Shaba was a nurse at a big Mumbai hospital. She was in the hospital basement changing clothes when a hospital custodian snuck in, attacked her, choked her with a dog leash and essayed her. He strangled her so brutally that oxygen was cut off from her brain resulting in a brainstem contusion. Her cervical cord was injured as well as she had complete loss of vision. She was left in an unresponsive state. She died from severe brain damage and paralysis. Her attacker only received seven years in prison when what he was released, he went on to live a very full life, got married and still had a job as a new, as a custodian at a new company.


What he also mentioned that he did not like her because she was his superior. A woman was his superior. I think that's the part he didn't like. Then there's Ven das, a 23-year-old medical intern who was stabbed with surgical scissors by a drunken patient. She was killed. So it feels like the doctors are told to save everybody, but not a single person tries to save or protect them. And right now the demands are obviously justice swift, painful justice to all perpetrators. But also they want an official written apology from the hospital, which I'm hoping could serve for a lawsuit by the victim's family. A judicial investigation and compensation for the victim's family.


Many citizens have commented the CBI taking over the case should not lead to it being quietly buried. The urgent need of the hour is swift justice and the harshest punishment for the culprits. No one who committed this barbaric act should be spared. One comment reads, the best way to survive in society is to be a criminal or someone with power being a commoner. Very dangerous. They make it seem like it was her fault that it's her parents' fault who have lost their only child to such brutality. Why? Because they're not rich, because they have no political connections. Because Dr. D was an honest, hardworking woman. I'm beyond saddened. This could have been anyone. It could be anyone. This is the sad state of our country that we call home. You may think that rape is a sexual act, but no, it's a power act to show a woman her place until women are safe.


Half of India is not safe at this point. It's not just a doctor issue anymore, it's just inhumane. We keep unlocking lower levels of inhumanity. Year after year. Fools were those who even hoped there would be reforms after all the other cases. It's been 12 years. Nothing has changed since the bus rape incident. I saw some Instagram stories saying it's a crime to be a doctor in this country. No, it's a crime to hope in this country. Another one reads hell is empty because all the monsters are here. The victim's family have stated that everything that they and their daughter have worked so hard for all their lives, them working hard to give their daughter a chance to succeed in this country, in this world.


Their daughter who all she did was give up her whole life to become a doctor. All that was washed away in a night, just gone. And now all they want is justice. They said till they get justice, their daughter's soul will not be at peace. And that is the current ongoing case of the Calta doctor incident. What are your thoughts? If you have any clarifications, if anything was mistranslated, miscommunicated, or any additional information that you have, please leave it in the comments. If there's new updates, we're gonna try to pin a comment, With, all of that. But it's just, yeah, what are your thoughts? I'd love to know and please, please stay safe and I'll see you in the next one.


Bye.