
Ramble Rotten Mango is sponsored by A-D-T-A-D-T spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours because a lot can happen in a second. Like one second, your baby can't walk. Then suddenly they can. With a DTI don't have to worry about what could happen in a second. A DT offers 24 7 monitoring that helps me feel safe and secure in my home. I used to feel so anxious over the idea that if a carbon monoxide leak happened, I wouldn't even know. I would constantly check to make sure my oven was off, that my gas stove range knobs were all positioned all the way, but that doesn't even account for things that I can't really check, like a gas line leak. The idea that I could just be inhaling the poisonous gas without even knowing. It used to make me double check everything. But now a DT helps keep track of that for me. They can help detect carbon monoxide leaks if a burglary happens or if a fire breaks out. It's why I can't recommend a DT enough because the second is enough for anything to happen. One second. You're questioning if asking that guy for his number with the right move, and in the next second you get a text message from him. The next second you're married to. Okay, that's just me. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, even if something does happen, you still feel safe thanks to a DT. After all, A DT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on a DT. Visit adt.com today or call one 800 A DTA sap.


Bad, bad. In a hospital room in the emergency department, there's a college student just laying on the hospital bed staring up at the ceiling. She doesn't have her shoes on. She's got her hands on her face. She looks very stressed. Someone is in the room with her recording her. That's how we know this. She's rubbing her face. I'm gonna have such a long day tomorrow. Oh my God. I'm not gonna answer anyone's Snapchats. I'm not gonna answer anyone's questions. The person recording her does not respond to her, does not even try to comfort her or anything, just records her in silence. She slowly turns her head over to look at the camera man briefly while she's laying there.


Well, you're too quiet. I'm gonna start singing now because I hate the quiet. He still doesn't respond. Not much of a response. So she just starts singing, laying there flat on her back on the hospital bed. I mean clearly. She's not that injured. She's singing, moving her arms around, doing the finger guns. Eventually she needs to get up and put more effort into this performance. She sits up in her hospital bed, takes off her socks, sits crisscross applesauce, and starts singing. You know those cute little tiktoks that are me at 3:00 AM pretending to be performing on my tour? It's kind of like that. She's cupping her face. She's flipping her hair. She's singing. She's singing Intentions by Justin Bieber.


The lyrics go picture perfect. You don't need no filter. Gorgeous. Make him drop dead. You are a killer shower. You With all my attention. Yeah, these are my only Intentions. She's like whipping her head around. She's staring straight at the person, quietly filming her. Oh yeah, you never answered me about my car. I have school tomorrow. How do I get my car here tomorrow? A very low man's voice is heard behind the camera. Your car is totaled. It's what it's totaled to. Totaled, totaled, wrecked. Okay, so how do I get to school tomorrow? You don't?


So I don't go to school tomorrow? Is that what you're telling me? No, ma'am. you want me to be honest with you? You are going to jail. You don't have a bond. You killed two people tonight. That's what's going on. So yeah, no, you are not going to school tomorrow. That man filming is a police officer. Is she going to high school? Middle school, College. College. Okay. This is the case of Stephanie Melgoza, the college student who killed two people and proceeded to complain the whole time of how this could happen to her. She would ask about emailing her professor and sing songs at the crime scene.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support Kayleigh Mills Foundation, a nonprofit established to encourage people to drive responsibly. They help rebuild families' lives after experiencing loss and hardship from fatal or non-fatal car crashes through individualized financial assistance, grief counseling, and emotional support. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango growing team, and we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. There will be two separate cases included in today's episode. So one problem that we've been struggling with is we get a lot of requests for cases that are either ongoing and developing, or we just haven't been able to find much information on enough to do this full comprehensive deep dive And, since we only post twice a week, we thought this would be the best way to bring you those stories in this format.


So if you ever have any case suggestions, let us know in the comments or at Rotten Mango podcast.com. So with that being said, let's get started. 10:16 PM authorities are called to the scene on 2208 Main Street in front of a bar called Full Throttle. Literally right in front of a bar there's been an accident. Right when they get there, they see this Dodge Dark car parked in the middle of the road. It's red and there's pretty substantial damage to the front of it. There's this massive, large dent to the front hood. There seems to be what appears to be blood splatter. A girl named Stephanie, Mel Gza is standing off to the side and she seems relatively uninjured and honestly not even in a state of shock.


The officers approach her and she tells them, I call it, as soon as this shit happened, I go to Bradley. The university nearby, it's actually a top ranked private university. So just keep that in mind. This is in Illinois. I go to Bradley. Why would this shit happen to me? The officer asks her if anyone took her information and she starts pointing at him. Her finger is pretty close to his chest. Your friend took my license, your friend took my license. The officer asks her, were you leaving the bar or were you I, I was. I was coming here. It's a little strange how comfortable she is right now. The way she's talking to the officers. It reminds me of how someone would talk to their mom. When a mom tells you, why did you do that and you almost half wine, you told me to, I was doing what you, I was coming here.


I was coming here. I was coming here. You know, I'd just gotten my night started. Do you have anything illegal on you? Yes, I have marijuana in my purse. Oh, have you had any marijuana tonight? No. Is it illegal there? No. Oh, completely illegal? Yeah. Wow. He has her put her purse on the hood of the cop car, and she's still holding some items in her hands. He asks her to put them down and she says, my vape too. She later asked I mean, I graduated in four weeks. Is this gonna affect anything? She gets a full pat down before they put her in the backseat of the cop car and the police, they don't wanna ask her more questions. Right now. Right now, their priority are the two people because near that red car that's Stephanie's car, there are two people laying covered in blood dead on the ground near the car right there at the scene.


There are contorted bodies. Even though her car is red, it's pretty easy to see how much blood has splattered all over the windshield. And the front bumper of her car, there is blood quite literally everywhere. There is a woman laying about 30 feet from the red car, which is quite far, but her leg, part of her leg has been completely severed and is attached to the front of Stephanie's vehicle. It's stuck on the front bumper of the car sticking out the front grill. There are photos, it's blurred, but there are photos of this leg. There's another man laying about 90 feet from the car, and the officers are seen trying to perform CPR in their bodies, but they're not moving.


Their bodies are in a really bad state. It stated that at least both of them had partial leg amputations as well as full body blunt force trauma all over. And she knew that she's looking at it, right? She's, yeah, she's at the crime scene. She sees this, she sees the two people's Acting completely. She's like on face. I called 9 1 1 right when this shit happened. Hmm. Paul Pro went and Andrea Ritz, they had been at the full throttle bar, and since they had a drink or two, they wanted to be safe. They started walking back home. I don't think that either of them were quite drunk, but I think even a sip, you shouldn't be driving. So they're being extra cautious.


They don't wanna put themselves, they don't wanna put others at risk. It's 10:00 PM It's not that dangerous of a road until Stephanie. Mel Gza starts driving and it's very clear from the get go that she is so intoxicated. She tries to make it seem like she was heading to the bar. She's heading to full throttle to quote, get her night started with the officer. They read her her Miranda rights and ask her, are you open to explaining what just happened? And she's sitting in the seat of this police car at the scene and she's like, yeah, I was coming to the full throttle. And I was almost here, as you can see. Were you driving this way or that way? I was coming here and suddenly one person, she sticks her index finger in front of the police officer.


One person walked out in front of me and my car got hit. And I called you? As soon as I got hit, My car got hit. Yes. You called 9 1 1? Yes. I called 9 1 1. She's nodding her head up and down also the whole time, like I freaking told you how many times, I have to tell you, I called 9 1 1 as soon as something happened, and then someone said, oh, someone else is hit And. I was like, oh my God. How did that happen? Okay, so what happened when you hit that one person? I just called you. That's all I know. I called you. Did they fall down right away or did you get out and help them? What happened?


I got out. I called you and then everyone else came out. So I just kind of let them come and take the situation over. But I promise you, I only knew one person got hit and I'm just like, they came out of nowhere because like I'm a safe driver. I get it. I get it. If you had to estimate how fast you were going, I would say at least, at least 40, maybe 40, 45. But at least 40. The speed limit on this road is 30. You think that you were going too fast for this dark area? I honestly don't think I was going too fast because I try to be cautionary about where I'm at, but I just know that one person came outta nowhere.


Did you have your lights on? Yes, sir. So obviously you saw them and there was no time to react, and she almost gets half up out of her seat in the back of the police car, like she's gossiping with friends and they're reaffirming her. No time. That's word. That's word. That's word. Whoa. All right. So where were you coming from? I was coming from Tavern 41 on Sterling Avenue Tavern. 31. 41. 41? Yes sir. And you left Tavern 41 and drove straight here? Yes, sir. Over the course of the night, how much have you had to drink? Like I probably had like three drinks.


What is like three drinks? Are you talking like what? What type of drinks? Just vodka, straight vodka or mixed drinks? Vodka and water. So I was staying hydrated, you know, like right now, if you had me do a test, I think I would pass. Just don't test me, but I think I would. I think I would pass. I'm gonna be honest, we are going to do those tests here in a little bit, but how long ago was your last drink, if you had to say about 40 minutes. So about 40 minutes ago you were drinking and then you drove. Were you drinking while you were in the vehicle or was this the last drink at the bar? At the bar? On a scale of one through 10, one being the least drunk you've ever been and 10 being the most drunk you've ever been, where would you say you'd put yourself right now?


Five. Because I've been very drunk and like right now, I see you, I see everyone. I know the situation, like I'm aware of everything. The police do an eyesight coordination test, which she's gonna follow the officer's light with just her eyes. I think it's wild because she has seen smiling and laughing for even a few seconds of it. And I. Okay, listen, I tend to give people a lot of grace when it comes to nervous, laughing. I'm a nervous laugher. You give me slightly bad news, take me off guard. I will smile because I feel very stressed on how to respond, but nervous, smiling, and laughing in my opinion, do not extend to this level. Like they, they're just minor stressors.


This is, no, no, this is a life threatening, life consequential type of situation. But she's smiling and giggling because it's hard not to move her head, you know? And she's like following the light with her eyes. At one point, she even grabs hold of her face with both of her hands. The whole eye coordination test, which is supposed to test how jerky your eyes are when they move side to side. So when you're drunk, no matter how good you are at hiding it or behaving like you're sober, it's very hard to fake this test. So your eyes are what They jerk. Okay, so for example, right now, if you're sober, And, I, move my finger across the screen. You can follow them very smoothly, even to the corners of your eyes and then back.


Yeah, it's almost like a, it's almost like a train going back and forth. You'll notice that drunk people, it's like three points. Mm. They look straight, they jump, then they jump to the left, then they jump to the right, then they look straight. It's very jerky. And then even when they're looking to the nearest of the left or the right, their eyes will have these jerking movements, almost like twitches, if you will. Wow. Because if you're that drunk, that's what happens. It's very difficult to hide it. At one point, the officer tells her, you gotta put your hands down. And she's like, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine. Like they're playing a game and she broke the rules, and you can visibly see on the camera that her eyes are jerky. It's like a three point, like 1, 2, 3 that she's doing with her eyeballs.


She states the eye test is so hard. She would rather just walk in a straight line for them, which don't worry, she is instructed to do just that next one foot in front of the other. She's gonna do that. Then go back to her original standing position, back and forth, back and forth, and it's, it's likely that she knew that this was gonna trip her because the minute that she does a few feet in front of the other, she just stops, puts her feet right next to each other, and then she's like, oh, lemme try again. Like she acts confused on, wait, where were the instructions again? Hmm. It's very choppy. It's very shaky. Then she's told to balance on one leg. I mean she can barely keep her balance. She looks like a gymnast who is about to fall off the balance beam, so they kick their other leg up to gain stability.


That's what she's doing. After that, the police want her to take a blow test to check her alcohol, and they tell her, take a long, hard, steady blow into the straw like you're blowing up a balloon, and she starts smiling and giggling and asks, blowing up a what? It's almost a sexual joke it seems. And then she giggles before blowing into the test, the other police officers standing on the side, they look so, so, so, so done with her. Likely these are the same officers that were just performing CPR on the two bodies on the side of the road, and now they're watching her making this seemingly sexual joke. She's even seen smiling while being handcuffed and escorted to the back of the cop car.


She is smiling while the other officers, they look depressed. I don't know how else to put it. They just look over it. They look depressed. They're the only ones that seem to grasp what just happened to Paul and Andrea. Both Paul and his girlfriend Andrea, were found deceased at the scene. It was clear that they weren't gonna make it. One officer report reads, Andrea's left leg had been completely severed below the knee. She had a deep laceration to the inside of her right thigh. I observed that her right forearm and wrist were completely broken. She had blood draining out of her left ear. As for Paul, another officer wrote in his incident report, I observed that he was missing his right leg below the knee.


He was not alert and had blood coming from his mouth. I felt a weak pulse and began CPR. My squad started to carden off the crime scene, and a short time later, I observed the firefighters placing sheets over both the victims. I walked over to the front of the suspect vehicle and observed a severed leg and foot with a shoe on it that was pinned to the front bumper of the suspect vehicle. I observed a second severed lowered leg and foot on the ground next to the grass. The officer asked the bartender of the bar, because at this point, all the bartenders, all the bar patrons had run out. They had heard this massive crash, so they're figuring out what's going on. The officer asked the bartender if the victims drove to the bar, she points at an SUV in the parking lot.


She believed that was theirs, which it was confirmed to be theirs, indicating they didn't wanna endanger anyone by driving because they had something to drink. So they left on foot, they did the right thing. They did the safest thing for themselves and for others on the road. But Stephanie and Mel Gza did not. They did everything right and they were still killed. Another officer notes that while at the crime scene, Stephanie was just standing off to the side, just watching while people perform CPR on the victims. These are not the victim's friends, family, these are not, I don't even think they're medical professionals. They're just random bar patrons and bar staff that wanna help. Other people are just freaking out running hysterical.


I mean this is crazy. And this was not on the body cam footage, but the officer wrote in his incident report that Stephanie told him, I'm willing to cooperate with everything and do whatever you want as long as you're not mean to me. She kept insisting And I quote, sir, I can tell you right now that it was not two people. She stated that it was just one person that ran out onto the road all of a sudden, which she is not that credible because the legal limit for alcohol for driving is 0.08. Stephanie, Mel Gaza's blood alcohol level was 0.253, almost three times the legal limit. Typically, that is severe, severe impairment. All mental, physical and sensory functions are severely impaired.


Even just walking is dangerous for the drunk person because that person is likely gonna have increased risks of accidents of false, they have severely impaired coordination imbalance. It's also likely the risk of choking on their own vomit at this stage of alcohol impairment is heightened. And because of that, Paul and Andrea are now dead. Their cause of death were both listed as multiple blunt force traumas sustained as a pedestrian being struck by a motor vehicle.


When I was in debt, there was a time where I felt like I would lose my friends. They would invite me to hang out with them by grabbing dinner or going to the movies, but I just wasn't able to go to these events because I was spending all the extra money that I had trying to ease my debt, trying to get rid of my debt. I thought as long as my debt went down that it would be okay for me to skip out on hanging out with my friends here and there, except even though I was putting all my extra money towards my debt, it looked like my balance would never go down. It's why I wish I knew about PDS debt sooner. PDS debts strives to understand your specific scenario and can help provide alternative solutions to becoming debt free. It's really easy to get into credit card debt and it can feel like you're never gonna get out, but PDS has solutions ready for you. If you're struggling with credit cards, personal loans, or even medical bills over $10,000, I recommend turning to PDS. They can help match you with debt solutions tailored to your financial situation and make sure that your debt balance actually is going down. You don't have to worry about whether or not they'll take your credit score because there is no minimum credit score required. PDS debt accepts bad and fair credit, and everyone with $10,000 or more ineligible debt qualifies. Stop waiting and start saving. Get a free debt analysis right now at PDs debt.com/rotten. It only takes 30 seconds. That's P-D-S-D-E-B t.com/rotten PDs debt.com/rotten.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Whether you love true crime or comedy, celebrity interviews or news, you call the shots on what's in your podcast queue. And guess what? Now you can call them on your auto insurance too, with the name of your price tool from Progressive. It works just the way it sounds. You tell Progressive how much you wanna pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. Get your quote today@progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progressive, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law


When the authorities are getting her ready to be taken to the hospital. Stephanie, Mel Gaza starts talking again. Can I ask you a question? I have an 8:00 AM tomorrow at Bradley, an 8:00 AM class. Will I be able to make it or should I email my professor? The officer seems kind of taken aback and just tells her for the time being they're gonna be together for the next few hours at least. She's like, yeah, no problem. As long as I can text my professor on the way to the police station. She's telling the officer that's driving that she's so embarrassed not because of what she did. She explains while laughing. I didn't think he could hear me, but he heard me. Oh my gosh, that's so embarrassing. I thought I was by myself in the back, but I wasn't alone.


Oh gosh. What is she Talking about? She was singing to herself in the back of the cop car and she thought she was alone, but there was another police officer that heard her and she was embarrassed. The officer just ignores her and starts driving, at which point you can kind of hear her mumbling and singing in the back, and it sounds like she's asking the officer to sing tunes. He responds, sing tunes. I don't think it's the appropriate time to sing tunes right now. He just tells her that they're gonna go to St. Francis the hospital to do a ton of paperwork, to which she responds. I have an internship there next summer. Clearly she's not aware that she's likely gonna be in prison next summer. Do you?


Yeah, when I graduate, I'm excited. Yeah. The Department of Health, they recruited me as an official analyst. Oh, okay. And it's gonna be $17 an hour, which is a good job for starting out coming outta college. I understand. I'm excited. I'm scared, but I'm just ready to work and not be in the food industry for once. You know, eventually they tell her you understand what we're gonna do. First off, I'm gonna let you know that you did hit two people total. I did not. You did? I didn't purposely. Okay. Well, however you wanna word it yourself. That's fine. I'm just telling you, there's two people struck by your vehicle and both are dead.


I did not hit them. Okay. Well, I'm telling you, the two people that they, you hit them with your car. Why would I call 9 1 1 if two people struck your vehicle? I'm telling you, they're both deceased on the scene. I'm just telling you that information. Okay. She honestly looks agitated in the back of this police car. Like he's lecturing her about something that she already knows. They finally get outta the car, they start walking towards the emergency entrance of this hospital and she mentions that she does have blood on her and the police officer, honestly, he's maintaining his cool this whole time. He's very calmly just explaining, well, your whole windshield is shattered, so that's understandable.


I know what I did. And I know what I didn't do, and it's not true. If it were true, I would be crying. You know what I mean? I'd be like, oh my God, I did this. I'd be like, but you, I know what I did. What does she think she did? She thinks that someone jumped out in front of her car and hit her one person. Okay. And then she immediately called the police because she did nothing wrong. And that person has passed Yes. Since. Yes. And that's likely not even what happened. Right? Right, right. And she's very drunk. Yeah, yeah. But still even even so like nobody would be like, Yes. Okay, that's a, that's so weird. That's a very good point. Yeah. Even if her version of events is true. Yeah, her behavior is bizarre.


Yeah. So it's like, you know, like yes, she's under influence and all of that, but even when stated that fact, it's still like, I don't know, it's, it's still really odd. It gets worse. Her behavior gets weirder. So when they get into the hospital room, it's just Stephanie, Mel Gza and the police officer inside the room and she starts rambling about how excited she is about going to Vegas. She literally says, I'm going to Vegas. It's gonna be so much fun. I'm gonna spend at least $500 because I'm gonna start off with two long islands, which is an alcoholic beverage. The police officer turns around because he had been doing paperwork this whole time. His body cam is on, and that's how we know this footage.


But he's been doing paperwork. He turns around, you haven't had enough drinking already. We're talking about Vegas. I feel like I'm in Vegas. You know? Have you been there? He ignores her and he keeps using his phone to which she says, I swear to God, if you're Snapchatting right now, and I'm not, I'm gonna be mad Crazy. According to a few officers, she kept asking for her phone because she needed to Snapchat her friends, and she kept stating, this is the longest she's ever gone without Snapchatting her friends. Later she gets escorted into a bigger hospital room and she's laying on the hospital bed. This is when she starts singing Justin Bieber songs and keeps asking the officer about when she's gonna get her car back because she has classes tomorrow.


And he tells her, and he's so done with her, she's honestly cruel. He tells her she's not going to class tomorrow. She's been arrested for killing two people, but she bypasses all of this information in us. Can I get it Tuesday from my night class? Can I get my car Tuesday for my night class? Did you just hear what I told you? You said, I'm not going tomorrow, but I'm asking about Tuesday. Did you understand the part where I said, You killed two people tonight? I'm just wondering when I can go back to school. Okay, we're done. What we're done, because he dismisses her. He's like, okay, we're done. She rolls her eyes, leans back down to lay down on the hospital bed and the man tells her, you could care less about killing two people tonight.


That's sad. You are pathetic and horrible all at the same time. And he was so composed throughout this whole situation and she turns to him laying down and says, can you say that as a cop? What? Yes ma'am. I can. It's kind of strange that she gets so upset and even questions if he can even say that, if he can even do that to her, treat her like this. Like how dare he when she literally killed two people. Okay, so can I ask when I get to go back to school, should I email my professors that I can't go back to school for a while or what, because I graduated in four weeks. Like I need to, I need to know. I dunno.


The officer is sitting down and she's laying on the hospital bed like it's her couch and she's just chitchatting with her best friend in her living room. That's the position. Even if I didn't have a police officer in my hospital room, I don't think that I would be that comfortable in a hospital room. The way she's laying, it's like, you know when you put your, you bend at your knees and then you almost kind of rest them on top of each other and her legs are kind of spread out. It, it's just very, her body language is just so comfortable. I don't even think that I would lay down like this at a friend's house unless I may be sleeping over, unless maybe I am. I don't know. So close with them. She looks like she's about to binge watch a Netflix show by herself and she's staring at the police officer and he just responds.


To be quite frank, I'm a little bit more worried about the two people who are dead right now. To be fair, she rolls her eyes and repeats, to be fair for a second, she's laying there rather quietly. Well, quietly for her. So I thought, I thought maybe she's done now. Right? But she continues. Oh my God, I can't wait to join the DUI club. All my coworkers have them. Oh my God. All of them have them. They're gonna be like so fucking, oh my God, I gotta text them. She calls it a DUI club. Yeah. Like she's so excited and happy. Yes. The officer reports that throughout the night she kept asking for her phone so that she could text her friends that she finally joined the DUI club.


She continues rambling to herself and she's smiling as she's saying that, by the way, the whole DUI club. She's smiling about how silly goofy she and her coworkers are and finally she sits up at the edge of the hospital bed still talking to, I don't know who it's okay though, because they're taking me to Vegas for my birthday in two months. That'll be fun. We just can't wait. It'll be like partying and she starts singing again. How old is she turning? She's 24, so I assume she's turning well, 25 maybe. Yeah. Wow. And then she starts singing again. She was charged with failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident, possession of cannabis in a motor vehicle and aggravated, reckless driving, resulting in death as well as aggravated DUI resulting in death.


I mean essentially. She went to a bar, got very drunk, and then had a a giant bottle of Tito's vodka in her car and presumably was drinking while driving literally, and then hit them. I think that she just didn't see them because she was so drunk. Are They like on crossing the street or We don't know. It seems like they were just on the side walking like you normally would. That's crazy. Yeah, it doesn't, there was no statement that they were crossing the street or anything. It seems like it was purely, she just almost basically aimed at them is the feeling. I don't think that she intentionally did. Obviously she had weed in her purse as well as that large bottle of Tito's vodka in her car.


Now there's a lot of notable moments from this case. We don't have much information on really anybody. We don't have much information on the victim or how they were walking at which, which part of the road they were walking or any witness statements from Stephanie, Mel Gza at the previous bar that she was at because she would plead guilty. So we didn't need any of these testimonies. There was really no trial. Now, other notable moments from this case include while in the back of the police car, 'cause there's a camera there, she's being driven to the hospital and she starts pointing out the fact that the officer's window is so clean in the backseat that it almost looks transparent. She said, damn, your windows are really clean. I thought it was down. I thought your window was down like dead ass.


Like your windows are really clean. Look, if you were in my position, you would be like, that window is down. You keep your vehicle well maintenanced. She then continues to sway and dance to imaginary music. She also angrily states to the camera that one of the officers is being a dick by accusing her of being drunk. And she says, I've never been more comprehensive or a, what's the word? I guess I don't know. That's about it. She literally says that. Mind you, she's talking to herself and the camera. Then she continues to swing dance to the music, which is a thing that she does on and off the entire night. At one point she starts dancing in the backseat in a way that I can only describe as intense dancing I mean she's mouthing words to a song.


She looks like she's about to grind on the seat making faces like you would if you're performing on stage. She also asks the officer while he's driving, can I hit my nicotine pen please? Ugh, that's all I want. He tells her no, and she goes, ah, fine. I'll just pretend she pretends to suck an air like she's using a vape pen. It's the most ridiculous footage I've seen in a really long time, and she comments feels the same honestly, and keeps doing it. Even exhaling like she's puffing out smoke. She has pled guilty to all her charges and she was sentenced to 14 years in prison. She is 24 years old.


She said in court, I'm so sorry for everything and I'll never ever commit anything like that again. I have not drank since that day. I do not plan on drinking ever again. I wanna try and do something positive to make a difference. Speak out about this and warn others about the dangers that come with drinking, which I mean she was out on bail, but also you're going to prison. So I imagine that you don't really have a choice in whether you're drinking or not for the foreseeable future. So it's not really something to say like, Ugh, look, I've changed. Her attorney also argued that he wanted to quote, pay it forward by using her story to prevent others from making the same mistake. Then Stephanie Mel Gza turned to Paul and Andrea's family and said, I never meant to hurt anyone.


I'm sorry for the pain that I've caused. I will not forget them And. I will live with this every day, which is the most generic statement that you could ever say. One of Paul and Andrea's family members stated, you have destroyed multiple families with your selfishness. You have zero consideration for others. It was her decision to drive drunk and she should be held accountable because you chose to drink, you chose to get drunk and then drive. Our friends and family have a sentence of daily pain and grief that grows greater each and every day. But most importantly, Paul and Andrea have lost their lives. Such precious gifts lost forever. The victim's family stated that it was Stephanie Mel Gaza's decision and her decision alone to drink and drive that night.


They demanded the maximum sentence of 28 years, which they sadly did not receive. She has to serve at least 85% of her 14 year sentence, meaning she could get out in 11 and a half years. She Won't even be 40. She's still in her thirties. Yes, but And I don't think that she's gonna learn anything from this because her dad even came out to ask online trolls to leave their family alone. So her dad states that their daughter is paying for the crime by being behind bars, which is I personally with DUIs. I think it should be treated like murder. I don't think that just because you were drunk, you should get less time. If she had gone out and killed these two people with a knife, she would've gotten life in prison.


And I think that's what she deserved. He states that their daughter is paying for the crime by being behind bars. He says that he and his family have received mountains of hate comments. He writes on Facebook, we grieve with Paul and Andrea's family and we are so sorry for what our daughter did to them. We can't be sorry enough, but this harassment has to stop. He stated that cowards sit behind a keyboard and post pictures of our family and defame our character. He argued that he and the rest of the family should not have to pay for her crime. He argues our daughter did a horrible thing and will pay for it for the next 14 years of her life. The rest of my family did nothing. Hell, her brother is serving right now, I'm assuming in the military.


So these cowards can sit behind a computer and keyboard and post pictures of our family and defame our character. This harassment has to stop though. What? What does that mean? Like what? What kind of defame mean is he talking about? So I saw I mean the case went viral. And I saw a lot of people asking who are her parents? I saw some pictures of their family being released, but most of them that I saw came across. They had the pictures of the siblings blurred. So it was mainly the parents. Okay. Their pictures are out there where they work because he works for the government. He works I think at like a county clerk's office. I don't know if the harassment is just people calling her horrible things because that is what they are doing online for what she did.


I just think it's a very bizarre response. I do believe that her siblings should be kept out of it. I don't think that siblings should be held responsible for their siblings actions, leave them alone. But I also believe if you're a parent, this response is just odd to me. It feels very self-centered. You could argue he's trying to protect his other children, but I personally feel, I think his action is feeding into, if he really want this type of behavior to stop, this response is only gonna make people target him more because I mean, look at it. You are not really the victim here. Yes, I think that's the problem. Some people could argue yes, maybe some of the online trolls have taken it too far, but you are not the victim in this situation.


And the verbiage he keeps using is like, Hey, I do feel bad for Paul and Andrea and their family. Yeah, I do. However, I'm the victim. Yeah, that's the whole tone of it. Like It's unfortunate that this happened to everyone like you, you, you, I don't know. I don't like I I don't feel bad for you. Like Yeah, it's about how they're struggling, how they're feeling, and to even bring up the 14 year sentence, it kind of feels like a slap in the face because it's far too little for taking away two people's lives. It's almost like, give it up guys. She's serving her time. What else do you want from us? I just thought the parents could use this as a time to really question themselves of how they raise their children to end up like this.


But not only that, it gets worse. So what's crazy is she ends up still receiving her diploma from Bradley University. Everybody was so upset at first. Everyone thought that she would even be walking at the graduation because she was out on bail and there was such a huge uproar. Students were threatening to not show up. It was really bad. She was eventually banned from walking, but she still received her degree. The even more unhinged parties, some people actually defend her online stating there is not one person on earth that hasn't made a mistake sometime in their life. Wow. Yeah. To that person, I would just like to say, No way isn't not a lot of people right?


No. This is a small group of people and maybe like they are the mistake. I don't know. Your lack of common sense and good judgment is the mistake here. How could you even say that? One person commented on Stephanie's father's Facebook posts, my heart hurts for you and your family. Stephanie is a wonderful person and you're a great family. I'm sorry for the people who don't understand your situation. I pray for you daily hoping for forgiveness and understanding. One person wrote, it's wild how her boyfriend and dad claim to be victims in all of this. I hate people so much to which someone comments back, how are they not victims in all of this? They lost a daughter and girlfriend to prison and have been harassed and they didn't even do it.


She did it. I'm so confused. I don't think that's the argument. I think it's the way he posted on Facebook. I mean just like a few generic sentences for Paul and Andrea, the victim and their family, and then the rest is about them. It's just bizarre. It's bizarre. But nonetheless, I do think most ENTs do not like her. They feel zero sympathy for her and probably her dad as well. They write, she said, can you say that as a cop about the cop calling her Pathetic. Honestly, that officer exercised an incredible amount of restraint. You can hear the anger and the incredulity in his voice, and I'm certain that officer saw the condition of the victims and her nonchalance would've angered anyone.


She obviously did not give a fuck a weaker person than that officer would've wreaked vengeance. There were some arguments that she was clearly so drunk that her mind likely did not register the gravity of what she had done. I personally have never been that drunk enough to say. But those who have been, those who have been very, very intoxicated before wrote online, even in my most wrecked days back in college, I've never been so hammered as to not care if I've just killed two people being drunk. Just lets the real you show. I bet her true self has horrific disregard for other people. I mean even her sober actions after being arrested and what she said during to the family and everything is just bizarre.


To make matters worse, it's alleged that while out on bail before her sentencing Stephanie, Mel Gza got married to her boyfriend and got pregnant. Wait, before. Wait, how? Why? She gets arrested. I think she had $150,000 bail. So she paid $15,000 of it. Got out awaiting the sentencing, and within that few months span, she got married and then got pregnant and then had a gender reveal. Okay. Yeah. Allegedly the caption to the now since deleted Instagram post posted allegedly by Stephanie Mel Gza reads Through the hardest time of my life, I never thought I would have someone come into my life and become such a big part of me.


Through my worst, I have found someone who wanted to stand by me and help me get through the toughest moments, but also someone to create beautiful moments with something that I wasn't sure would happen again. I truly believe this is what it means to find a lifelong partner. I'm truly blessed to be able to call you my husband. So as of right now, she is in jail for the next 11 years, hopefully 14. I guess all we can do is hope that she does learn remorse in prison because whether we like it or not, she is gonna be free and likely back on the road one day. Yeah. Many medicines have commented that this is the easiest fatality in the United States to get rid of I mean.


What are your thoughts on this one? Because I just don't even understand, I don't understand even her actions afterwards, even if you argue, oh, she was drunk, but no, even her sober actions are so bizarre to me. Yeah. What are your thoughts? Leave it in the comments.


I think it's fair to say that I have a lot of regrets in life. Sometimes I like saving money and choosing the middle seat on a plane wearing such long eyelash extensions that look like Daddy long legs back a few years ago. Or even just buying that awkward red dress that I hate seeing in my closet every time. I could go on and on about how many decisions that I regret. But if there is one decision that I never regret that is working with Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. They are there for you from your launch, your online shop stage to your first real life store stage, all the way to did we just hit a million orders stage. No matter what stage you're at, Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling custom made key chains or friendship bracelets, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. You don't have to sell just your own stuff anymore either. With Shopify Collective, you can curate products to sell from the brands you love, giving your customers more variety and your business more sales. One of the biggest issues we had when we opened up our Shopify store for Grandpa Mango's merch was figuring out how to market, how do we go the extra step? But Shopify literally made it so easy, For us because Shopify removes all the guesswork with built-in tools that help you create, execute, and analyze your own marketing campaigns. Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the US and is the global force behind brands like Allbirds, Rothes, Brooklyn, and and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash rotten, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash rotten now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, Shopify dot com slash rotten


This season. Instacart has your back to school, as in they've got your back to school lunch favorites, like snack packs and fresh fruit, and they've got your back to school supplies like backpacks, binders, and pencils, and they've got your back. When your kid casually tells you they have a huge school project due tomorrow, let's face it, we were all that kid. So first call your parents to say I'm sorry, and then download the Instacart app to get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. All school year long. Get a $0 delivery fee for your first three orders while supplies last. Minimum $10 per order. Additional terms apply.


The next case starts unraveling June 27th of this year. So this is very recent because it takes just four minutes to ruin Linton Wy, Rick's entire relationship. Four minutes. His relationship is practically over four minutes, and now Linton's girlfriend is in the hospital concerned that all of this stress of her relationship being ruined is gonna harm their baby because she has been carrying Linton's baby for the past seven months. Linton is this fitness online coach, quote, personal trainer and musician. That's his bio, okay? And he's usually an okay guy, kind of not really.


He does have a bit of a criminal history for dangerous driving, assaulting a police officer, breaking into a residential home and stealing $82,000 worth of luxury goods. Literally, he took a suitcase nearby, started piling up all the jewelry and handbags that he could find in this homeowner safe. But other than that, he is generally an okay guy. Sure, maybe that's what they say to each their own right? But this time, these four minutes have taken it too far. When she, the girlfriend finally sees Linton again for the first time, everyone that saw this weird awkward gathering said she was walking in towards him in a blind fury. All she could see was probably red. She's beyond enraged.


How could he humiliate her like this? Everyone, everyone had seen the video. Literally everyone. I wouldn't be surprised had there not been some sort of barrier between them that she would've thrown a glass of water at him or something. How is he gonna explain away this one? He's caught on video, cheating on her, and this four minute video is as bad as it gets. It shows Linton standing up while a woman is in front of him, down on her knees, performing things on his body parts. Then she gets up and starts making out with him. Now, the strangest part is this video is not filmed with a camera on a tripod. Someone is holding the camera, walking around, getting better angles. At one point, the cameraman even turns the camera to himself to show himself smoking what appears to be a joint.


He comments, this is a movie in it while he films, the woman getting up, making out, and then they start performing the full on intimate act. Linton continues by grabbing the woman in the video by her neck. He's got both his hands around her neck and then he starts kissing her neck and the cameraman is rushing to get a better angle. And he comments, guys, we've made history. This is what I'm telling you. Then he gets the camera right up in her face where it's clear that both the participants, Linton and this girl, this woman, know that they're being filmed, but they're so engrossed in the dirty deed that they don't even seem to care. Even though Linton has a pregnant girlfriend back at home, nobody cares.


The cameraman then again shows himself and he's smoking. There's clouds of smoke in this room. It does not appear to be an attempt at a professionally filmed x-rated video. I know the word cameraman makes it sound like they're trying to create a high-end film or something, but it's very, it's very weird. It's very homemade, if you will. Linton has his hands around her neck and when they hear someone trying to come in, the cameraman slams the door shut again and says, gimme a minute, gimme a minute. Just one second. And the cameraman proceeds to place his hand over this woman's mouth to keep her quiet. It's a very weird dynamic. So Linton is the one having intimate relations with her.


The camera man is blocking someone from entering through the door and then placing his hand on this woman's mouth to keep her from making noises. There's a lot going on 'cause they're still doing it. Yeah, they're still doing it. And, I don't know who's trying to come in. Now this goes on for four minutes, and the worst part of all of this is the woman he's having relations with in this clip had gone viral before. She was one of the couples from this British reality TV show called The Open House Great Experiment. The show is supposed to be about exploring what it's like to be in a non-monogamous relationship where a bunch of couples in open relationships or couples wanting to try open relationships are sent to this luxury retreat where they're free to explore with other couples.


It's a show about swinging and multiplayer activities under the disguise of wanting to appear very open-minded. I do think that a lot of people can have great, healthy, open relationships. I don't think that's the problem, but apparently the show did not handle it well. There were clearly couples and people that were insecure and did not feel good about what was happening. One Edison writes, I started watching the first episode, I think it's messed up so far. The first couple, the blonde girl and her husband, he admits he lacks confidence and feels like he's not good enough. It seems like he needs therapy rather than seeing his wife get intimate with another man on television. It's very messed up and the guy will probably have lifelong trauma after this, but another medicine rights, you realize nobody forced any of them to participate.


It blows my mind that people are trying to cancel the broadcaster. How are they at fault for broadcasting a series where voluntary couples explore open relationships? It's almost like exploration isn't predictable regardless of where you stand. I do have to say the show really nailed down. The shock value at one point was a 15 person event where they all had intimate relations between 15 people. The girl in the video, the one that's having intimate relations with Linton, she was one of the 15 on the reality show. Wow. Her name is Linda de Salza abr, and she was on the show last year with her husband Nathan. So she's married and she said, monogamy is a social construct that should be dismantled.


Opening up our relationship has allowed us to form a deeper connection with each each other, which I don't know if it's just the editing, but almost immediately after she seemed twerking right up in front of another woman's face and then kissing two people. Hmm. At the same time, just three people making out at the same time. This happened Where In the UK this happened? This case is a UK case. Okay. Yes. So the reality show was released in 2023. This is season two, and then this new video is in 2024. The four minute video, Yes. Where she's having intimate relations with a man named Linton and the whole open house reality show.


It's just a lot. There's a lot of emotion swirling around, and to make matters even more interesting, Linda goes, has that 15 person orgy and talks about how she's been with her husband for nine years and they've been open for three years and they've got an eight-year-old daughter together. So does her husband know that she's being filmed having intimate relations with Linton right now in this four minute clip. Now, like I said, a lot can happen in four minutes. Linton is sitting down at one point and Linda is all over him, and the camera man is just sitting directly in front of them, perhaps two feet away, filming, smoking, turning the camera on him to say there's a movie in it. Gangsters, you know you're a gangster, right?


He's talking to Linton. No one's coming through that door, bro. I will fight them. No one's coming. Do your thing, bro. There's a giant bottle of baby oil on the table next to them and he keeps saying, you know, we are family. This is how we live at Wandsworth. A what? Wandsworth. Wandsworth as in HMP. Wandsworth Britain's second largest prison located in South London. Linton is an inmate, the cameraman is his cellmate, and Linda, the woman that Linton is having sex with is a prison guard in the video. You can hear her radio turn on, and you can make out some of the words.


All stations activity patrols. She's supposed to be guarding the inmates. Instead, she is in their cell having intimate relations with one while his cellmate records it on a phone that's been illegally smuggled into the prison. That's crazy. Some portions of the video are described as the woman's white prison blouse is visible and her belt, which usually contains handcuffs, a baton and pepper spray to control the inmates, is bouncing up and down her waist. Clearly, she's breaking a ton of rules. I mean not just rules put in place by the prison, but also the unofficial rules that female prison officers have set for themselves. One female prison guard writes online about the rules of being a prison guard in a male facility.


She says, welcome to the show. Here's what you need to know first. They're gonna try you. It'll mostly be slick comments that are inappropriate to see how far they can go, or always wanting to talk to you about BS issues. Just to be up in your face and never I mean, never allow this to slide. If you do, they will keep doing it. Any unwanted physical, you order them to cuff up. You have to establish right from the start that that nonsense is not gonna fly and you will enforce the rules. Avoid being alone with inmates, especially off camera. Situational awareness is life or death. Nowhere you are nowhere. Everybody around you is where backup is and don't walk around blindly. Head on a swivel at all times.


This will prevent getting hemmed up or blindsided when your life is in jeopardy. Do whatever you have to do to get out alive, getting choked out, gouge at an eye or bite down on any flesh that you can get in your mouth three or more. Have you cornered, hit the man down button, empty your pepper spray can all the way and pick up anything to protect yourself. I mean this is clearly not what Linda was doing inside that cell. In fact, the inmate had close access to her baton, her taser, her radio. He, at one point or multiple points throughout the video, had both of his hands around her neck. To give you some context, Linda is a Portuguese national living in London. She recently started working as a prison guard earlier this year.


So a few months ago. Honestly, nobody in her family even knew that she wanted to be a prison guard. It just came outta nowhere. She went from being a personal trainer to going on this reality show, the open house, and now she decides, Hey, I'm gonna go inside one of the most understaffed overpopulated prisons in South London. At first, nobody could understand why, but I mean, sure it's a job it pays, but surely there's easier jobs, right? Until she starts her OnlyFans, her username was allegedly Linda from the playroom, or she said you could call her La Madre. The mother. Her bio allegedly read before the account went private.


Happily married sexy Latina that wants to share hot content with you. We believe in authenticity. All our content will be genuine and we will never fake it because we want you to enjoy watching it as much as we enjoy making it. Which begs the question of did she do all of this to promote her OnlyFans account? Linda's sister did an interview with Daily Mail where she confirmed my sister's a swinger. She was on channel four called program called the Open House. I never saw it. It's not the sort of thing I would wanna watch my little sister in. I only found out that she worked for the prison service in January. That's when I spoke to her and said, do not mix your lifestyle with work. Don't be stupid. Don't do stupid things. We're all human.


We all make mistakes and sometimes impulse can get the better of us, but it's probably one of the poorest decisions that she has ever made. Wait, the sister knew this is what she wants to do. No, so she's saying she has OnlyFans, don't mix it with work. So I guess yeah, she has a inkling. Yeah. She's like, don't what? What do you mean? Like who even comes to that conclusion? Like, I would never think about that. That's true. If you have a hobby on the side or a second job, you wouldn't mix it up Like that. Yeah. If I know someone who's the only fan and then they also are prison, like I don't make that connection. That's crazy. Yeah. So crazy Perhaps. Yeah. Wow. It probably didn't help in Linda's case that she tried to, I wouldn't say fe, but she tried to leave the country immediately after the video starts going viral.


She took her passport, drove to Heathrow and tried to fly into Madrid. Wait, wait, wait. So the the, the video was taken by the cellmate And he posted it on social media and at first it went viral in the prisons because everybody has an illegally smuggled phone. Yeah. So she is okay with that. She knew this was taken and she knew this was getting posted. The suspicion here is that she thought it would leak and her name would be everywhere and she could capitalize on it. But I think she discovered very quickly that she broke laws and she was gonna get arrested. She didn't know she was breaking laws. I guess not.


That's seems to be the case. That's the only thing that makes sense for a lot of medicines, that she wanted to do this, to make a lot of money to promote her. OnlyFans is the theory, but then once it's done, she realized she broke a bunch of laws. Maybe the video starts going viral and everyone's like, Hey, actually this is so illegal. And she maybe starts freaking out and decides, I'm gonna not flee, but take a little vacation. I'm assuming this is one of the biggest thing they tell you, like on the employee's manual, like this is what you cannot do. Yes. And it seems like it's been happening more frequently. I know that there have been a few higher profile cases of female prison guards that were fired for having intimate relations.


I believe one had gotten pregnant with an inmate's child and another one had tattooed the inmate's name onto her thigh, and some of them will even go as far to tattoo the inmate's cell number, which feels very temporary. 'cause I feel like they could get moved to a different cell. Hmm. Yeah. Wow. But it, it's, it gets very serious. We're gonna get into the seriousness later, but Okay. Yeah. So it sounds like she got the job. Do you think she got the job for this purpose? That's What a lot of medicines belief, because her family said it was a little random, just kind of outta nowhere. Nobody knew that she was interested in becoming a prison guard. Yeah. It seems like there were likely more ways for her to make better money perhaps considering she had gone on that reality show.


She was a personal trainer. Right. May so maybe perhaps she thought the video would just stay in private like only van paywall. Yes. And perhaps she thought maybe people would think it's a hoax. It wouldn't become like this international thing. It would get just enough attention to her account perhaps where she would blow up and make a ton of money. Hmm. Got it. I See. Because this actually, when this video first came out, it was briefly debunked. It was briefly like, oh, that's not actually a prison. It's not a real cell. Like a fake video. Yeah, it's like a wannabe set.


I see. Yeah. Wow. So she called her boss on the way to the airport letting them know that her husband is gonna return the rest of her work equipment and she's not gonna be returning to work ever again. She technically states that she's gonna visit relatives in Madrid. She was arrested at Heathrow Airport in London. She's facing life in prison. Oh yeah. Wow. How For misconduct in a public space, like misconduct in a public agency? 'cause she works for the government. Wait, she make it life in prison. It's highly doubted. She'll get life in prison. But I think that this charge, there's no specific charge for the specific crime that she committed.


So this is the overall charge that it could fit into. Ah. So that the max is life in prison. But I highly doubt she's gonna get max in prison. Other female guards that have been found having intimate relations with inmates, they did maybe like 3, 3, 4 years on average. Hmm. Okay. She might get more because she filmed it. Yeah. But she is, she is out on bail, but she came onto Instagram to post. Hello. Once again Instagram. I hope you can appreciate this is gonna be a very awkward and uncomfortable conversation for me to have. I just thought I really needed to come on here and clarify a few things. First thing being, there have been a lot and I mean a lot, a tremendous amount of fake profiles of me that have been monetizing off of my misfortune and scandal that the entire world has somehow managed to be involved in.


I have not monetized one fucking bit at all. This is my only social media platform. And I only just activated it again. So if you come across fake profiles of me asking for money, please don't fall for it. There have been a lot of fake GoFundMe and a lot of fake OF accounts that are not me. I do apologize if you have fallen from it from the bottom of my heart. I apologize. I really wanna clarify that. This is my only social media account. And I just came back on. On the topic of impersonation. I thought it'd be very important for me to address this very distasteful subject of OnlyFans creators impersonating me. So after this video went viral, a lot of OF creators started doing prison videos, but not actually in prison.


Like on sets. Some of them would look like Linda or try to dress like Linda and act like that was Linda's full unreleased. Wow. Okay. Yeah. She said, pretending to be me and recreating the scenario of said scandal, which I am involved in very, very distasteful for you to monetize or advertise yourself as me for OF content. It does interfere with my trial. But furthermore, it is incredibly, incredibly distasteful. Please, if you are an OF creator, refrain from tagging said prison. We all know the name of the prison. Please refrain from tagging HMP Wandsworth on your stupid videos. There are other jails in the world. You don't have to pretend to be me. It is very distasteful.


The fact that she's calling people out for distasteful activities. Yeah. This is crazy. Like she feels like Tag someone. Don't copy my idea. Yes. And so that's why a lot of people think that she did this for the purpose of promoting her only fans because she seems very upset. Yes. That other people are monetizing and she wasn't able to because at this point she's knee deep in legal troubles that there's no way she can monetize. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. She says, and lastly, I wanted to tell you that all of you do not know my side of the story. The media has a great way of getting the narrative, twisting it for their benefit. The media love any story to be salacious and sensational. They sensationalize everything.


You don't know my side of the story, and we will leave it at that for now. I think other only fan creators making money by acting to be you is probably the least of your concern at this point. Yeah. When you're facing life in prison, like who cares? And this is what most of her rant is about. So she's like, we'll leave it at that for now. But then she comes back with another Instagram story and she says, whilst I'm here, this also has to be addressed. Whilst I'm here, you don't know who has you. You don't know who are your friends until shit hits the fan. Honest to God, family, friends, you need to pick them very carefully, very, very carefully.


There have been people going behind my back. The media have been following me everywhere. I can't go anywhere without being packed paparazzied. It's very annoying. And a lot of the time it's people who you thought had your back and they just don't. And that's been really heartbreaking on top of all of this, on top of everything. So that's just advice for everybody to pick very carefully who you have around you. She later states that she agreed to film the video because she's claiming the inmates had found out about her other explicit videos and they were gonna make it known to the other inmates that she was filming. Those types of videos, which normally I might be able to understand this type of motivation and feeling of being blackmailed.


There have been reports from other prison guards, female prison guards specifically, that if you give any bit of personal information or if inmates find out about it, they will try to hold it over you. They will try to hold it over you to get sexual favors, to get you to smuggle in phones, drugs, whatever it may be. They'll try to blackmail you and try to ruin your life. You feel trapped. But I'm not sure that this was that situation at all. She was on the show open house. I'm pretty sure her OnlyFans was pretty public. I think everyone knew what she was doing in her free time. Hmm. If the inmates find out, I don't think it's some crazy secret she needs to keep, I dunno how that interferes with her job because what are they gonna do?


I'm gonna tell your husband, she was on the show with her husband, I'm gonna ruin your life and tell everybody what? What do you mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. She didn't say that she was forced, by the way, that's not the verbiage that she's using, but just so she felt compelled to have intimate relations with this inmate so that They would keep the secret. Her other argument is that she was generally just having a hard time at work and her marriage was not going well. She, yeah, she has pled guilty to misconduct in public office. She faces a life sentence, but also she states that she found God. Yeah. Which is, she says a great source of comfort for her. A very close friend of Linda States.


Linda was going through a very hard time at work. She was having lots of problems in her marriage. She's absolutely devastated by what happened and is clearly full of remorse. It's just devastating. And she's trying to rebuild her life. They're a lovely couple and working hard to save their marriage. It's not been easy for them. People are trying to make out that Linda is some kind of sex monster, but that's not the case at all. There's a lot more to the story than people think. Some of the prisoners got ahold of Linda's personal details. They knew her address, her husband's name, and that she had an OnlyFans account. She was put under a lot of pressure and there was a lot of coercion involved. It wasn't hard for the other prisoners to get ahold of Linda's personal details and everything. And she's just a very kind and caring person who made a terrible, terrible mistake.


We all get things wrong in life and people shouldn't be so quick to judge her, which is, I do agree though. I see a lot of comments like, if this were a man in Linda's shoes, this would be the most unhinged statement. So I think it should apply in this case as well. The prosecutors do judge her. In fact, the prosecutors do not believe Linda's version of events. They state this was a shocking breach of the public's trust. She was clearly an enthusiastic participant who wrongly thought that she would avoid responsibility. There is no excuse for any prison officer who conducts themselves in such a manner, and we will never hesitate to prosecute those who abuse their position of power.


So not only is an abuse of power, but I will say there's that power imbalance. Others are pointing out that at one point the inmate had his hands around her neck, her baton and taser were just right there free for them to grab. It was a clear violation, but also a huge safety risk for other guards and the other inmates in the facility. Right, right, right. It also puts a clear target on female officers' backs. A lot of them have stated, when stories like this come out, it almost furthers the quote commodification of female officers as meat. The way that these male inmates already see female cos like correctional officers, is they want to do sexual things with them.


And once one of them gives in, they feel like it could happen to them. They just need to try harder. And it makes these workers' jobs so much more difficult and it borderline sexual harassment and assault in some very dangerous cases. Yes. There's also a lot of questions about how she was even hired, considering she allegedly had a public Facebook post with a caption that read. What's your type for me, bandits, outlaws and criminals. There is an investigation being held. It's likely that the prison was incredibly understaffed and that's why they hired her. And this is just not a good look for HMP Wandsworth. So a few months ago, September, 2023, well, I guess not a few months ago, but not that long ago, an inmate named Daniel Kif was in prison for charges related to espionage and terrorism.


He allegedly planted a fake bomb at the Ministry of Defense, which is kind of a big deal. And he tries to gather, allegedly tried to gather useful information for enemy states, enemy countries. Now, he was in prison awaiting his trial, who's a relatively good inmate. He secured a job at the prison's kitchen until he didn't. 'cause he created these very strong ropes. I think he used cloth-like materials, and he used it to tie himself underneath a food delivery truck. He escaped from one of the largest prisons in Britain. He was on the run for 75 hours. Huh? Yeah. So yeah, you could say it's understaffed. Things do slip through the cracks.


At HMP Wandsworth, according to a lot of news publications, Linda's father-in-Law. So this is her husband's dad. He was kind of the spokesperson for the husband. Nobody knows what Linda's husband is doing. Is he staying with her? Is he not staying with her? We don't know. They have a child together. That's all we know. But the father-in-law stated this was something that happened where she was on her own. She was the person in charge and she was the one who needs to take responsibility. As far as I'm concerned, her husband, my son didn't know what she was doing. She's an idiot as far as I'm concerned. As for the inmate in the video, his mom also commented. So Linton's mom stated, if they're offering it on a plate, then the guy's gonna take it.


You know what I mean? She goes on to state that while her son deeply regrets his actions, the fault lies alone with Linda, the prison guard, his mom also states that he used to have dreams of playing football and starring on Love Island. The reality show, before landing himself in prison, one net is in suspects that Linda and her husband were both in on it because it just, it doesn't make sense. One comment reads, this is all a grift on their part. She's an OF model and swinger getting notoriety for doing a bad job while doing spicy things, does nothing but drive traffic to her page. Another one comments, it doesn't matter. She definitely thinks that saying a man will get her a light sentence because she's a woman.


I hope the judge proves her wrong. While some citizens, they just didn't take it seriously at all. One of them comments, this makes me wanna get sentenced. Which again, is not good for female cos because it, yeah. And then another person comments. She's dealing with a hardened criminal. She is currently out on bail. Conditional bail. So she's being heavily monitored until her sentencing in November where she does in fact face life in prison. And that is the case of Linda Salza. And those are the two cases we are covering in today's episode. What are your thoughts I mean?


I don't even know. I don't even know what to say about this case. It's just such a, I know that a lot of people were taking this case very lightly because it's he, he ha shocking. Right? But when you really think about the ripple effect of what it's doing to all the other female CEOs, to what it's doing inside the prisons and the fact that this even happened in the first place, and what if it wasn't Linton? What if it was somebody else that decided that they were just gonna get rid of Linda and try to break out or escape or let other inmates out? I mean this could have really been yes, very bad. Yeah. On so many levels. What are your thoughts? Let me know in the comments and please stay safe. And I will see you in the next one. Bye.