
Ramble Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 2025 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected, and both Camry and Corolla are available. With all wheel drive giving you the control to go beyond quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Baring. Baraboo. There was this rumor going around in the K-pop world. If. you want your favorite artist to do well, you have to buy their albums from these two specific retailers. It's like a hack, a loophole in the system. One album would count as more albums only if you purchase from these two retailers, which yeah, I mean this is kind of important because if you support an artist, why would you not want them to be at the top? It's like streaming somebody's content, their video or their songs. Now, one of these retailers was called ADA Records. If you're unfamiliar with them, they were much larger back in the day, mainly because they were able to sell K-pop albums at suspiciously low prices to the point where it just didn't make sense.


Sometimes everybody has a market value. Everybody has that market price. How are they selling new albums at sometimes allegedly 20% less than other retailers? It just doesn't make sense. At one point, RA's newest store was the biggest of its kind in the entire country. They had one of the nation's biggest k-pop record album stores, At their height. It is believed that RA had a 30% share of the record market volume, likely due to the fact at how aggressive their prices are. Yeah, you could get your K-pop album somewhere else, or you could get it from Shenetta for 20% cheaper. Where are you gonna go? They're able to land these big distribution deals with large music agencies, and even to this day, Shenetta is still around.


They've been operating for decades. They run an online marketplace for international K-pop fans to purchase albums from. They used to do more fan meet and greet events. So They would work with the agency. They would work with the artists, and then They would have fans come in and purchase these albums, get them signed by the artist. But that department seems to have slowed down a lot. A lot of people, especially foreigners, thought the name of the distribution company Ra meant, oh my God, like Ra excited. I'm so excited. Is that a Korean word for something? Nessa is, I'm so excited. Ah, and like sometimes you might say Ra, like it's so exciting, but it it's not as commonly used.


They thought it had something to do with the word excited, but in reality, RA means New. Nation. The New Nation was being created by a woman, the founder of Shera Records, and she was creating a nation for her followers. This woman was allegedly forcing young, healthy men to line up outside her door to wait for their golden chance, golden opportunity to be essayed by her. The woman who started RA was tried for the torture and murder of a five-year-old boy. This is the story of the Baby Garden cult and how they made millions in the K-pop industry without anybody knowing.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, also known as ncmec. They're a private nonprofit that focuses on recovering, missing children, the prevention of child abductions and providing services to combat child sexual exploitation. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team, and we'd also like to thank you guys, our listeners, for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. Before we get into today's case, a few disclaimers. We worked with our international researchers for this case alongside professional translators, and we were able to actually interview the prosecutor that worked on this case. Prosecutor King, he was the main prosecutor. He's also written a book on this, the mulberry tree and the pig feces.


Now, the woman involved in today's story has filed an injunction to prevent the publication of this book, as well as she has sued the prosecutor for defamation, which the courts ruled partially in favor of this woman. The book itself is currently out of print, but we were able to not only get our hands on it, but have it translated into English for research purposes. We wanted to be sure that nothing was lost in translation. However, if you feel that anything was ever misrepresented, miscommunicated, please let us know. Doubt in the comments. Some statements have been shortened for time, and there are a few speculations opinions, zen theories that remain unconfirmed and are simply just zen commentary that's included in this video.


A few content warnings for today's case include mentions of cult activity, quite graphic descriptions of injuries and violence, a brief mention of essay and ca resulting in death. Now, I do wanna mention that a lot of major k-pop agencies have stopped promoting their album sales with Shenetta records. No artist should be blamed in any of this, but the agencies themselves have also found themselves in a sticky situation where they can't really not sell through RA even if they don't want to. But we're gonna get into all of that later. But just putting that out there. And one more side note, cults have an interesting sensitivity to being called a cult. The word cult is rather subjective, what some might view as a cult.


Others may just see a very passionate group of people. Therefore, the usage of the word should be taken as an opinion rather than a fact. Many mainstream media outlets have described these group of people as a cult, but as always, please do your own research before coming to a conclusion. It is in my personal opinion that they are a cult. With that being said, the cult in question is always more than welcome to send a lengthy angry letter through their attorneys with the likely intention of scaring us to take down this episode. It would not be the first time we received letters like this from powerful. Well-funded organizations and our attorneys are always ready to engage in friendly discourse. Maybe we can have them all framed in the back one day. But as a disclaimer to keep in mind, nobody in this case has been found guilty of murder.


Any allegations of involvement in murder or the killing of anybody is purely an allegation as of right now. So please do your own research. All of this is available online. We are not on boots on the ground journalists. So with that being said, let's get started. I know in the states we're pretty big on zodiac signs. We love astrology, but there's also Chinese zodiac signs that a lot of people in Asian countries go based off of. It's actually quite fascinating. So the Western Zodiac signs, they go based off the stars, while Chinese Zodiac signs go based off the rhythm of the moon, if you will. So instead of being based off the time of the year that you're born, like the month, it's based off the actual year that you're born.


A lot of parents in Asia will even plan their family planning their pregnancies around specific years to have, let's say a dragon baby, for example. So let's start with the basics. There's 12 zodiac signs and they're all animals. Each one is an animal, and they all come from this legendary race that was organized by the jade emperor where the animals had to cross a river and the order in which the animals came in in the race is the order of the Chinese zodiacs. Each Zodiac sign is known for a few characteristics. So let me know if these apply to you. The first in the race is the rat. Surprisingly, the rat actually tricked the cat to make sure the cat would not even attend the race, which is why it said that cats have this long fateful hatred for rats and they chase them around as retaliation.


This is their revenge. But the rat comes in first in the race, and the rat encompasses those that were born in the years of nineteen sixty, seventy two, eighty four, ninety six, and 2008. The rat is a quite cunning, quick witted person because they're a rat. They have this interesting ability to explore these very tight places and spaces. So think business niches. They're also hoarders. They hoard resources very well, making them very successful in business and finance. They're also known to have what's called a silver tongue. They can change people's minds just by yapping. Some would be very quick to call the rat a clever little devil. The quick wit of a rat can actually hurt them.


You might become too carried away in your own adventures and your own winnings that you can be seen as very manipulative in relationships, which makes people lose trust in you. In the original race, the story of the race, you know how the rat comes in first. The rat not only makes the cat not enter the race, but the rat doesn't even really race. The rat jumps onto the back of the ox, the cow and jumps off right in front of the finish line coming in in first. It doesn't even do most of the work. So yes, be careful if you're a rat because sometimes people might perceive you as a little bit too manipulative. The ox comes in second. The years are 19 61, 73, 85, 19 97, 2009, and 2021.


Oxes are known for their insane work ethic. You're not gonna find someone who works as hard and as long as an ox. People say, think of a mountain. Can you move a mountain? You cannot move a mountain. It is unmovable. It is reliable. That's what an ox is. They have the patience of Mount Everest. You cannot sit there and have a staring contest with an ox. There's this crazy inner strength determination, but also that could be their downfall. Oxes are known to be incredibly stubborn. These are people who like their routines, they like their ways, and you should rather fight an alligator than try to change an knox's mind. They might also be prone to holding long grudges against those who have wronged them.


The tiger comes in third years, 19 62, 74, 86, 98, 20 10, and 2022. Think about a tiger standing in front of you. It's a predator. Every step it takes. You can't help but respect the opponent. They're quite charismatic. It's said that they have these magnetic personalities and maybe it has to do with their insane courage levels, but that also means sometimes their boldness is borderline just straight up dangerous and reckless. They often engage in quite risky behaviors that can ruin their health. They make impulsive life decisions without proper thought or planning. Coming in forth is the rabbit years, 19 63, 75, 87, 99, 20 11, and 2023.


They're gentle. They're little rabbits. They're kind. They're cute little creatures that just hop around the grass. They're very graceful. They're full of sophistication. They're refined. They're actually very similar to a diplomat. They have the ability to navigate all sorts of social situations. They're quite creative as well. Art fashion usually so easy for them everywhere they go, social harmony, they don't like stirring the pot. They like peaceful solutions. They're very conflict avoidant, and that means they can also procrastinate on very important decisions, and They would sacrifice their own needs to keep the peace. Coming in at five is the year of the dragon, which actually this year is the year of the dragon as well.


But if you're born in nineteen sixty four, seventy six, eighty eight, 2000, 2012, and 2024, congratulations, you are the dragon. People have been planning for years to conceive and give birth this year. In the year of the drag, it is one of the most popular Zodiac signs, and it's fascinating because the marriage rates get higher in China a few years before the year of the dragon because it's all part of the family planning. People are like, we gotta get married. We have to enjoy our married life together before we then have a child who's gonna be born in the year of the dragon. It is the only fictional creature in all the 12 zodiac signs. It's a symbol of power and wisdom. The dragon is almost always associated with great emperors.


You're born in the year of the dragon. You're practically destined to be rich and successful, but if you live in a country where the animal zodiac signs are a big deal, maybe don't have a dragon, your child, because a lot of parents are having children that year, it's gonna create a lot of competition in the job market. It's actually a double-edged sword, but if you're already a dragon, you're basically on fire. You're not to be messed with. You're always ahead of the curve. You have this natural authority that everyone wants to follow. It's similar to the tiger, but on steroids. So the tiger is quite reckless. They're a little bit crazier. The dragon is quite arrogant. That could be the biggest downfall of the dragon. So be careful never to overestimate your financial abilities and dismiss constructive criticism coming in.


Next, do you have what some people like to call the small dragon the snake Years 19 65, 77, 89, 2001, 2013, and 2025. They move in silence. Like you know those people on Instagram, they move in silence. They attack with deadly precision, and most snakes seem to behave older than their years. Like you always think that they're a little bit more mature. They act like they have some sort of secret ancient knowledge and their intuition, it almost makes you feel like they can read your mind. It's creepy. They're quite hypnotic. They have this sensuality that people really gravitate towards, but snakes need to be careful. They need to make sure that their intuition does not head straight into paranoid, suspicious territory.


They can constantly overthink someone else's motives and hold onto resentment or become way too secretive. Then you have the year of the horse, years 19 66, 78, 90 2002, 2014. You're wild. You're like a wild horse. You're just galloping in the field somewhere and you like freedom. You have endless energy. You're constantly looking for something else to do. You're quick on your feet and you're considered a high performer. But the biggest problem is you might love freedom a little too much to the point where maybe you're a little irresponsible. Horses might be the ones that constantly job hop without a long term career plan and they neglect commitments. Then you have the goat or the sheep, if you will, years 19 67, 79, 91, 2003 and 2015.


You're like a gentle creature just grazing peacefully on the hillside. You are very creative. You see beauty in things that other people cannot see. You have this nurturing heart. You're very graceful, and you tend to have a very unique perspective. But these are the people that are gonna get misconstrued as being weak, and they might sometimes pursue artistic life challenges while completely ignoring practical aspects of life, like how to pay rent. Then you have the cute little monkey, 19 68, 80, 92, 2004, and 2016. They're little clever mischievous creatures. They have sharp, quick minds that can solve complex problems with ease.


They adapt easily to almost any environment, and they have this wild curiosity that will not go away. They're also quite funny, but they need to be careful not to use their wit to just worry about their own personal gains. They also tend to get easily bored and neglect deep emotional connections. The rooster comes in next years 19 69, 81, 93, 2005, and 2017. The rooster is a very punctual creature with an attention to detail that you cannot fool. They do not miss a single thing. They've got a strong sense of justice. They like to stand up for what's right. They're also quite confident, but they're too perfectionistic. They're also too confrontational. They like to set unhealthy standards for themselves and then everybody else around them.


Second to last is the dog years 19 70, 82, 94, 2006, and 2018. The faithful, loyal companion who loves all their friends and family. They've got a strong, probably the strongest sense of justice and fairness. They're quite honest creatures, quite protective. Sometimes that loyalty can be given to someone who doesn't deserve it, so be careful. These are the ones that might find themselves in toxic relationships out of misplaced loyalty and neglecting self-care because they're worrying about everybody else. And then last but not least, you have the pig years, 19 71, 83, 95, 2007, and 2019. Pigs are just happy to be here.


They're good natured creatures who are generous. They love to share what they have. They're quite optimistic. They're very sincere and trustworthy, and they do have an appreciation for the finer things in life, particularly food, which means they need to be very careful. Sometimes pigs are too optimistic and trusting. They might be too quick to trust unworthy individuals with personal information and over indulge in food and drink or spending. So please let me know which Chinese zodiac you are, and if these sound like you, I'm kind of intrigued to see if this resonates more or the Western Zodiac resonates more with you. Hmm. Now some people take it a step further. Some people date or form professional relationships based on their signs and other people's signs because like the animal kingdom, some signs just don't mix well with each other.


For example, some notoriously bad fitting signs, rooster and the rabbit. A rooster is very direct, very outspoken. A rabbit likes to be very sensitive and conflict averse. If a rooster and a rabbit are planning a vacation together, the rooster is coming up with strict timelines and they're gonna be outspoken about everyone needing to follow their cutthroat plan. Rabbits. They're dying on the inside. They prefer spontaneity, but they're too stressed to bring it up because they don't like confrontation, and it could lead to a massive blowout between the two. The roosters are more direct and they make the rabbit feel like the roosters have no eq. While the rooster feels like the rabbit won't voice what they feel, but just wants everyone to adjust to their vibes and small social cues.


And another bad mix romantically are tigers and oxes. You need to be careful if you're a tiger and you're dating an ox, or vice versa. For example, tigers like to be on the go. They like to do things without much planning. Oxes like stability. They like routine. So if they're dating, one might decide, Hey, we're gonna do an impromptu weekend road trip with no plan. We're just gonna go down to Florida and see what happens. While the other one wants to stay home, follow their morning routine, do some vacuuming, and then catch up on work again, it's just zodiacs. Don't dictate your whole life around it. But when it does come to marriage, those should be wary of tigers and monkeys. Both are too strong-willed leads to endless power struggles, dogs and dragons.


Can you guess why? No. The dog has a dying need for loyalty and the dragons love freedom. Dogs and horses are a little bit better of a mix because they can run wild together, but still, horses might love freedom a little too much for the dog. Hmm. Pigs and snakes notoriously bad mixing, apparently very different life priorities they say, but again, it's just zodiacs. Don't take it too seriously. But in South Korea, there is a woman named Kim. Clearly, she takes it very, very seriously. It's said that she realized that as she's living there in her beautiful oasis, one of the people that lives with her is the year of the dog.


And she's sitting there thinking, but I'm the year of the rabbit. So according to my calculations, which this is not true, by the way, it's said that she believed dogs will always eat rabbits. There is no evidence of this. In fact, people say that dogs and rabbits are considered to have neutral to positive compatibility, which she's so dead set, she does not agree. Maybe she saw a dog rip apart a rabbit before she feels endangered, which means the dog's gonna eventually kill her. Maybe the dog is weak and small right now, but eventually the dog is gonna get bigger, more powerful. And then what? She's just a little bunny in the field. What can she do? Well, maybe she's gotta kill the dog first.


Isn't that what that means? I mean? Who knows what's really running through this woman's mind. Perhaps she demands the people that are kneeling by her chair bring me the boy. Or perhaps she goes and looks for the boy herself. But regardless, this boy's gotta die before her. Her who cares if he's just a five-year-old boy? He's a dog and she's a rabbit. Their fates are not meant to be.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Whether you love true crime or comedy, celebrity interviews or news, you call the shots on what's in your podcast queue. And guess what? Now you can call them on your auto insurance too, with the name Your Price tool from Progressive. It works just the way it sounds. You tell Progressive how much you wanna pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. Get your quote today@progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progressive, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law.


I've been watching a lot of Chinese dramas lately. I say it's to improve my listening and pronunciation skills. When it comes to learning Chinese, I'm gonna be honest, I dunno how much I'm really learning through these sea dramas, but the one thing I hate when watching Chinese dramas is that I feel like a lot of meaning is lost in translation. Translators will try their best to give a quick description of the idioms that are being used and what they mean, but I still need to pull over my husband to give me a deeper explanation of what they're really saying because sometimes the play on words is the best part. So that's why I am using Rosetta Stone to improve my Chinese, because I don't want anything lost in translation for me, Rosetta Stone is the most trusted language learning program out there. They help you learn the language fast because they immerse you into it. It's built to teach you the language intuitively. They will teach you the words, phrases, and then the sentences, and it's designed so that you can learn to speak, listen, and then think in that language. They are like my personal trainer for my accent because they have this built-in true accent feature that gives me feedback on my pronunciation. I love that. I can use Rosetta Stone anywhere, whether that's sitting on a plane or buy a pool. I can just pull out my phone, open up the app to learn, and they do have a desktop version. But I love how convenient the mobile app is. Rosetta Stone offers courses in 25 languages and has millions of users. It's why they've been the trusted expert for 30 years. Whether you're learning Korean and Chinese, Spanish, Arabic, Rosetta, Stone has got you covered. And if you're big on traveling, Rosetta Stone offers a lifetime membership for all 25 languages. Don't put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now. To get started, Rotten Mango listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off at Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. Today,


A middle-aged man is walking through the empty quiet streets of South Korea. In the middle of the night, there's nobody around, and he is dragging this heavy cart behind him. Rice cakes, sticky rice cakes, buckwheat jelly. Everyone is in their homes, but he is screaming. After each round of screaming, he waits, and then there's silence, and then he starts screaming again, sticky rice cakes. And then he waits. Finally, a sound. Someone screams back sticky rice cakes. He listens to where this scream is coming from. He's gotten so good at this, really good at this. He might pause for a second before he realizes where the sound is coming from.


He runs all the way up to the apartment where the resident had shouted out the window for sticky rice cakes just a minute ago. He makes the sale, he runs back down to his cart and repeats this whole process down these small neighborhoods all over again. This man gets four hours of sleep a night. He barely rests. All he does is scream sticky rice cakes. Sometimes he's so tired from screaming all night. He takes a nap on the sidewalk. What is sticky? Rice cake. Oh, it's like street food. Oh, and he's Just spicy rice cake. Yes. Okay. And he is just screaming, and sometimes he'll just take naps on the sidewalk. He doesn't even lay down. He just closes his eyes. There's probably way easier jobs out there for him.


He's getting older. There's probably less physically demanding jobs out there for him, but he's doing this for baby. He will do anything for his baby. Baby is not actually a three year old baby, even though she tells everyone she's three years old. Baby is actually a middle-aged woman that hundreds of people call Aya baby. She's like a baby. She cannot sin. She can do no wrong. She's baby. Anything she does is pure and wonderful. If she does something wrong, it's an honest mistake because babies cannot sin. Babies cannot be malicious. Babies can do no wrong technically. Those who all knew her, who knew baby They would say, she would tell everyone, my name is baby aga.


I'm a three year old baby, because you have to be a baby to come to this world. She would go around dancing in these frilly gowns. They look like really intense wedding cakes with their dresses like a tiered cake, sometimes three, four tears, ballroom style gowns with these elaborate gloves. It's a very, it's a spectacle of a dress. And baby dances with a group of three to 400 people who fall to baby's feet, calling her the precious baby who's gonna save them all. And then at night, like clockwork, almost every single night it is said that she has a line of these young, healthy men standing outside her door, the same ones that were dancing with her earlier that day, waiting in line in front of her bedroom door at night, to be able to have the chance, the opportunity to spend time with baby.


They desperately want to be allowed in so that they can see her in those thin sheer pajamas that always show off her cleavage and the chance to place their mouths on her chest is all they want. That's all they want. Wait, wait. How old are these men? It seems like all of them are of age, but maybe young twenties. And she's Middle aged Like 40 fifties. Yes. But she claims she's three, which makes it even more sick, right? Yeah. Or she allegedly claims she's three. She wouldn't choose any other type though. Okay. She has a type baby likes young, healthy, handsome men.


That's it. You can't be old. You can't be not handsome. You can't be unhealthy. She has her favorites, and they all wait for the spot to be chosen by her. One of the people who lived in the same house said, whenever guys went in there into baby's room, They would start grunting and making these weird noises. So I figured that they were all doing it, you know? And others would just wait. Outside guys were just going in and out of her room. A guy would come out and tell another guy, Hey, it's your turn. Go inside. And after being called, the other guy, waiting outside would go in. And when they all came out, their faces were all red, all night long. Young men were trying to go in, but there were men who would wait all night long and not be able to enter.


From what I know, she didn't spend a single night alone. And when she was done indulging in her desires with them, she would hug these men, pat them on the back and tell them it was good. They did good. The feeling they said at the time was euphoric to be told that they did good, that baby approved of them. It would make them feel so much happier than they could ever even explain. Even if they knew that she might be probably responsible for the death of a five-year-old boy. Does it really matter? Because when else do you have the chance to have intimate relations with God? Because she is baby.


She is God. She can do no wrong. She is love I mean. Who else can say they made love to God? What is going on right now? She's a baby and she's a God. Yes, she's 'cause when you're God, you can't sin and babies can't sin. It's weird. I think her, her whole concept doesn't make sense. She's baby, she's God. She's love. She says She is love. Oh, she is love. And you can only love her because you can only love God. She's love. She's baby. She's God. And she's the Savior, but she's also the founder of Shera Records. So there you go.


There's a lot going on. She's a multifaceted, evil woman. Hmm. Now a man walks into a police station in South Korea and he looks like he's seen some better days. If we're being honest. He looks a lot older than he actually is. Life has been tough on this man. The police ask him, how can we help you? I would like to file a police report. I am a father who deserves to die a thousand deaths. My son has been murdered. There's something very wrong with this place. It's called Baby Garden. Baby Garden. At first, the very wrong place was called The Garden of Eden, which has biblical connotations, but eventually it would be known as Baby Garden.


That's literally what they call it too. It's not even just like a, what the press calls it. Baby Garden is not just a strange eerie name either. It's an actual garden, like an agricultural garden that resembles more so an agricultural farm, a profitable business. There's farmland, there's greenhouses lined up next to each other, not the aesthetic kinds, the commercial kind buildings. They've got these long warehouse looking buildings that serve as massive pig pens, unfinished land, dirt roads, connecting from the different buildings. There's housing compounds built into the center of this farm, and they look interesting. It's said that most of the housing compounds were built by the people who have never built houses before.


And it houses three to 400 people that all live communally and they work on the farm. Wow. So she's running this like big record business, k-pop record distribution business, and she's running a farm. She starts with the farm, and in order to come into the farm, you have to give up all your land and assets to baby. Baby starts the farm. You're essentially allegedly forced to work for free on the farm. And then baby was like, wow, I have so much money in the world that I don't know what to do with. It starts ADA records and that has some of the people work for Hinata Records.


It's alleged that that's how they got such crazy pricing when they first started their company, because they didn't have to pay their workers. Whereas all the other record companies, they had to pay their workers allegedly. This is all alleged. These are all just stories. Okay. Now this place houses three to 400 people, and they all live communally. Now the guys are all in one separate military style room. The women are in another section of the compound. Even when there's married couples living on the farm or whole family unit, sometimes there'd be a mother, a father, and three kids. They don't sleep together. They don't share space together as husband and wife. In fact, they don't even call each other husband and wife.


They don't call their fathers dad or brothers or sisters or anything. They call them by their government names. Because on this property, everyone is equal. They are not attached by earthly connections. There is no mother and daughter or father and son. There is only baby. And your relationship with baby. Every once in a while, all the members of the garden will get together and make these massive parade boats. I don't know, maybe they purchase them, but it looks incredibly homemade. They'll create these massive floats on wheels. It looks like a house sized tiered wedding cake with fabric hanging out. And on the boat, there's just a chair. It looks like a throne.


It looks like someone plucked off the Victoria's Secret angel wings, the fluffy white ones, and then tried to create a white feather throne. And this house sized float only has that throne on top of it. That's it. And it's massive. It takes 10 people to drag it across this massive green grass lawn. And there's hundreds of garden residents just standing outside in matching ceremonial attire, long yellow dresses, colorful frilly dresses, waiting to dance in a circle. It is reminiscent of the cult movie midsummer, at least in my opinion, but maybe more colorful. Really? Yes. Wait, so they're doing it all on a grass field? Yes. Like in circles, like They all dance together.


And that's why if you go to ADA records website, it says the land of song and dance, they don't mean k-pop. Wow. Allegedly, everything is either slathered in frilly fabric, in bright colors, or these pastel colors. There's flowers everywhere. It looks like a children's summer parade. I don't know how else to describe it. They would start singing songs. The Door of love has opened. It has opened Chase love. We need to love, we must love my brothers and sisters and compatriots who are wearing these ceremonial robes. My sisters and brothers who received babies, blood, baby, please allow us all to love. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven to baby the king of love.


We offer baby glory and praise. Our king of love, ruler of love. We dedicate our laughter, singing and dancing to You baby. And sitting on that white throne is baby aga, baby Kim, the middle-aged woman who looks older than her years. In my opinion, people will say at these parades, this is love. This is proof of love. In order to enter the kingdom forever, you just have to love. The answer is love. God is love. Baby is love. One person said, it was like heaven on earth. I thought everyone who lived there would die there and live eternally. We would live happily ever after with the people that you love when the world ends, because love saves.


Clearly things are very strange. In the baby garden, it's run by baby, and it's been reported that if baby ever calls you to her room, you should sit and kneel at her feet in a thankful position. She sits on a chair while other members kneel in front of her baby. Garden is supposed to be heaven on earth. That's what everybody was told the motto and meaning was supposed to be. Here in Baby Garden, we are all brothers and sisters. We are all one family. Here is heaven on earth. One former member of the baby garden says, baby Garden. Looking back now, I was living in the Devil's Garden. Kim allegedly had a big pet peeve.


When all the mothers in the baby garden were out working, there would be these little kids out there grabbing onto their mom's skirts. Mommy this, mommy that. Mommy, can we do this instead? Mommy, I'm hungry. Mommy. This the way they clung their mothers, the way the mothers would stop working and pick up their child to talk to them, it said that it made her very unhappy. One former member said she could not stand the sight of that. Thus, here are the three rules of the baby garden. The first cut all ties to compassion and earthly connections. It does not matter if that is your husband, child, or your mother. Compassion with earthly connections makes your connection with baby weaker.


It makes you weak, so get rid of it completely. Couples in Baby Garden, even the ones that have been married for decades, they have children. They're now not allowed to even call each other. Honey Babe, love anything. Once they join the garden, even your own children, they should just be seen as fellow members of the baby garden. They should call you ma'am, not mother. One former member said, I worked day and night not realizing my body was physically breaking down, but no matter how much I miss my mom and dad, I had to cut off all emotional ties with them. When it became too much, I would just sit in the bathroom and cry. Longing for some sort of feeling of home. Another former member who actually was brought into the cult by their family members said, we all live separately.


We never slept as families. The woman lived with women. The men lived with men. And every morning we had to work. As soon as we got up, thinking back on it now, we were insane. I must have been crazy. I don't know what I was doing there. Second rule, cut all ties with material goods. One member said, we did not live to pursue worldly pleasures. We will all go to the eternal kingdom. This place was heaven on earth. Last but not least, perhaps one of the most important rules is cut all ties with sexual desires. You need to let it go. It is okay to love God, to love baby, but other than that, it should not be allowed. It is a sin for men and women to date and love each other.


If you do, it's actually considered cheating adultery against God. One former member states, men and women were strictly segregated from a young age, and of course from their spouses, family members, and even relatives, familial ball, and were not recognized. There were only rooms where men gathered and rooms where only women gathered, and it was set up so that anyone with any individual thoughts could not survive. Whether it was between spouses or strangers, any sort of romance or love, or even anything similar between women would, and men would immediately lead to a terrible tragedy. One would either die or face near death. Group violence, be treated as a slave and begin a life worse than a human, unlike anywhere else on this earth.


The woman and men in Baby Garden were just both servants to God and baby, and she would not treat them as adults or humans, but like servants. When was this happen? This was mainly in the eighties and nineties. Eighties and nineties. But she is still very active. Hmm. Yes. So 80 nineties like this, how long does this whole thing lasted? Like these decades? People? Decades. These people were in it for decades. Yes. There are some people who were in it for decades. Wow. Yeah. There were some people who were born into it, and they're old enough to form these very traumatic memories from it. There were young kids who were brought into it at a young age, and they finally got out as adults, and they grew up in this.


Wow. Yeah. If you even had a so-called Feeling of Romance towards anyone, you would have to keep your head down forever, like a criminal, only staring at the floor. One former member who is caught having emotional feelings towards another member said, I used to work with this guy. I began depending on him emotionally, and eventually I started to like him. I was having a really hard time because of my feelings. But when Kim baby found out, I started to be treated like a servant, like a slave. They would only let me wear clothes that were incredibly old, and they were like rags. I had to work while others got to sleep at night. And from then on, beatings were also very frequent.


There were others being beat to, you know, some people were being beat with things like bicycle chains. They tried to hit you where people couldn't see, to not freak everyone out too much, which this whole thing is ironic considering Kim baby had lovers every single night just waiting outside her door. And she's a married woman. Her husband lives in the baby garden, and he is also allegedly assaying a bunch of women. So what is he? He's just part of baby's family. They have three sons as well, and they're all treated like baby babies can do no wrong. They're the baby family. They're all babies. She's the one mainly called Aya, which is baby. But all of them are supposed to be on the same level as her, like a little bit lesser, freaking same.


So they can't sin, they can't do anything wrong. They're all babies. Everything they do is correct. That is crazy. Yeah. And her husband is out there just saying, young woman in the cult, and she's essaying young men. Wow. And it's not like she tries to hide any of it. In fact, everyone thought, well, they're just all making love to God. And the Holy Family, I guess is how they might consider it. People didn't think anything of it. In fact, a lot of the women in Baby Garden were upset that they were unable to love Kim the way that some of the younger, handsome men were able to. One former member said we were all jealous, not of her being able to have intimate relations with men, but they were all these men were experiencing her love, which I mean.


We were born women, so we couldn't experience her love in that way. So we were all really jealous of the guys. Wow. Yeah. One former member said, whenever she called for me, he was a young man. When he was part of Baby Garden, she would lay on her bed in her pajamas. That always showed her cleavage. Then she would say things like, you wanna look? She would show me her breasts and tell me to touch them. And she would say, are you shy? But I'm love. Remember, take off your clothes. Come on, pull your pants down. Just show me. He said, that's how she essayed me. He told Netflix, I don't even wanna think about it. It makes me wanna throw up.


Honestly, looking back, she was playing with me very strategically. She was taking advantage of these young men's naiveness guys like me, got a taste of that and thought of her as a love interest. So we started working really hard for her. And the fourth unspoken rule is laziness is not allowed. Now, one interesting aspect of Baby Garden in comparison to other cults, if you will, is that they don't focus on recruitment. They're not evangelizing the world. The leader baby always said, only the chosen few may enter the Kingdom. So they were actually quite satisfied with their three to 400 members. So all these other cults, they focus on expansion so that they can take more people's money.


It's, it's more profitable. But for Baby Garden, they decided that the profitable aspect were the hundreds of members who will sell off all their material possessions, give it to baby. But also, once you're part of the cult, you work for Free for Life. Allegedly, they work 16 hour days every single day to provide labor for whatever business or whatever work they're told to do. Right, and they're making a lot of money. Yes. With the cinar records, right? Yes. I mean, I think At, their height. One year they were bringing in like $50 million a year, At their height, so they're Whoa. They're one of the, yeah. Wealthy folks, And they kept it all like, that's her business.


None of the cult members are shareholders. None of them received money. I mean most of them. Now, these victims, they're facing poverty. Most of them don't have educations. No work experience. They have PTSD, they have all this physical trauma and nothing. She's just a multimillionaire suing Netflix, suing prosecutors for talking about her. Is she free still? Yeah, she's free. She's alive and she's suing everyone. So here we are. One member said, I just wanted to give her everything that I had, but we didn't have any money. My husband's family was very poor too, because we didn't bring any money. She told us to make it up with our bodies, so we had to get up early in the morning and go out and sell fish cakes, prepare and sell these lunch boxes and sell little rice rolls, ke pops.


We went to work every single day, even if it was pouring rain, we never skipped a single day going, I don't think I've ever worked harder in my life. Sometimes you're up in the morning selling tempura or rice cakes or keap. Other times you're forced to fix rubber buckets that people cook with. It was just a lot of work. One former member says, I could barely sleep. Honestly, I barely slept during that time. Allegedly, members were only allowed four days of rest a year, and those four days were just like celebrating baby. It's like you're off work to celebrate baby. They're not allowed to access their phones, allegedly. Newspapers, TVs, nothing. They were completely isolated, cut off from the world.


They couldn't talk to their family members on the outside. They didn't even have access to their bank accounts. Not that there would be much left inside anyway. Even the elderly members had to work. Nobody was allowed to be lazy. Laziness was not allowed. Even a regular work-life balance was not allowed. Kids were forced, allegedly into labor. They would be forced to put these really ragged clothing pieces on, forced into the subway stations to sell cheap gum and chocolate to passengers. Typically, nobody wants to purchase a warm off-brand chocolate bar from a stranger on the subway. But because these kids look like they really need the money, adults would purchase it. It said Baby Garden would even teach the kids which ones to target, which adults look like.


They'd be willing to purchase from them. This is what the kids did all day. For years, most of them dropped out of school, which is actually a very big problem because like I said, even after they've been freed from the cult, a lot of the members, they report issues of extreme poverty and inability to find jobs. They have no education. They have no work experience. Children were told to drop outta school. They were told, you don't need to learn anything. You're living in God's world. Education is unnecessary. Soon, professors, doctors, highly educated people will kneel before us and serve us like kings. Why go to school when the world is gonna end?


Yeah. On top of that, a lot of the, allegedly, a lot of the guys that would reach military enlistment age, Huh? Right. She did not want them to leave because that's two years of labor gone, allegedly. And maybe there was a concern that They would leave. Figure out what is going on inside a baby garden? Why is the military so much easier than baby garden? Wait, maybe that's not a normal experience. What's happening? Maybe I should tell somebody about it and because maybe they didn't want that happening. Nobody really went to military enlistment. It's alleged that she would force starve them right before their health checkups, and if they were severely underweight or had too many health complications, they wouldn't have to enlist.


Wow. And what do they get in return if they're gonna work to the point of breaking their bodies down, they don't get money. A former member says, back then, we didn't even get to go to the hospital. Only special people could go to the hospital. Normally, people took care of themselves At the garden, you have to be very special. You have to have like a severe illness to go to the hospital. When our arms hurt from work, she told us to use Moxi Bustion. Moxie Bussin is a Chinese traditional medicine where you take dried mugwort. Mugwort is a plant, so think of I mean. I would say like sage, think of it like that. It kind of has a similar sage like scent. It's edible, but it, that's not how it's being used in the medicinal practice, at least not this one.


You take the stick of dried mugwort and you start burning it very close to the skin surface. Sometimes you want it as close as possible. It stated that the heat from the burning of the mugwort will help improve blood circulation. It stimulates the flow of Qi as well, which is vital energy and just maintains overall health. If not done properly. One of the most common side effects are burns. A lot of the burns can lead to blisters ulcers, secondary infections. A lot of severe cases of mug wort burns result in permanent skin damage and scarring. Obviously, nobody at Baby Garden is that skilled with performing these traditional medicine procedures. And, I'm sure they're just trying to do anything to ease the physical pain that they're in.


Some of the former members were left with massive fist sized scars from the Moxie Bustion giant scars all over their stomach, which resulted in them having infections, even more pain. One former member said, when you get Moxie bustion, the area starts oozing from the burn, and then it gets so itchy while you're working. I mean, I couldn't stand it. There were a lot of side effects. Every day I felt like a squid on top of a fire. Another former member said, yeah, it's like a squid shriveling up over the fire. Pain during birth was painful and horrifying. This was worse. This was worse than that. I have giant scars that are still there all over my body, but if you don't do a good job, if you're not working as hard as God wants you to do despite your injuries, you would be beaten first.


God would instruct your family members to beat you first. There were even children who were forced to beat their parents. This is actually surprisingly and unfortunately not a unique practice to Baby Garden. Another alleged Korean cult that operates in Fiji, known as Grace Road They would beat the sin out of each other allegedly. Maybe we'll do an episode on it 'cause I'm collecting letters, but the psychology stands. It's supposed to break down all family bonds and attachments when kids are forced to harm their parents and vice versa. It just breaks down the protective relationship between parent and child. It hammers in the fact that you think your family bonds matter. No. The only thing that matters is the cult. They've got power and authority over everything, even more important than the most fundamental human relationships, parent and child.


It also makes it harder for parents and children to get closer to one another because the trauma, the humiliation associated with beating each other and seeing each other get beaten by all these strangers in front of the whole congregation, if you will. It's hard to even look at them afterwards. You have this strong sense of guilt and shame. One former member of Baby Garden said, how can a child hit their own parent? Well, in order to live my older sister, And I had to hit our mom. Kim said that my mom was going crazy. She was possessed by a ghost. She was in a possessed state, found a man, hugged him and made love with him, had sex with a man. She told me and my sister that we had to beat her up, so they did. To beat the ghost out of her, they were taken to a quiet area away from a lot of the members.


Kim was there with a few of her right hand people, and that is where Kim allegedly told them, hit her. The former member said, when my sister, And I started hitting our mother, all the other members joined in and started beating my mom too. It just creates this atmosphere. One member says, you never really know who's gonna rat you out. Everyone is spying on each other, including family members. That's why I decided to try and run away from the baby garden. I was in the fifth grade when I tried running away, but before I made it out, some of the adults found me and dragged me back. That's when Kim would really start beating us. More later, the same young former member would write to the court. I'm writing this letter with a sincere desire to live in the same roof with my parents and younger sibling, even if it's just in a single room, before becoming involved with the pseudo religious group, baby Garden.


I was just two years old. Both of my parents were teachers. We were one big happy family, but eventually they started attending a local church and then somehow sold all of our grandparents' land to give to the church, nearly $150,000. Then at Baby Garden, my parents would spend all morning cooking leave to sell their freshly cooked rice cakes around 3:00 PM and would not return home until after midnight. I just remember crying, just feeling truly miserable. I remember as I got older, feeling conflicted about not being able to call my father, father, or my mother or mother. I tried to run away. However, I was caught, brought back to the baby garden. And. I was then dragged to the leader's room where I was severely beaten with a Branch from the mulberry tree and a metal pipe from midnight until 4:00 AM There were bruises all over my body and the back of my cals were bleeding.


I spent sleepless nights crying, resenting my parents and fearing the leader's anger. Since then, I've suffered from stomach pains that feel like gas buildup, but when I would tell them instead of proper medical treatment, I was just subjected to alternative therapies, like having dozens of acupuncture needles inserted into my stomach, having to lie still for 30 minutes to an hour, and even now, I occasionally suffer from stomach pains that feel like being stabbed with a knife. After school, I would have to return home and work at a cassette tape assembling factory till midnight every day just to set production targets. Yeah, For the K-pop tapes. Yeah. I would get beaten by Kim.


I was beaten to the brink of death. I'm not lying when I say that. Every inch of my body was bruised. She did not miss a single spot. When asked later, where were your parents during this? He just responds. Well, to be honest, it's not like they could stop it. If they tried, if they tried to confront her about hitting me, there would've been bigger problems. They would've beaten us all up. My mother couldn't say anything, though. She must have been really worried about me. She must have been hurting, but she couldn't say anything. You can't say anything unless you can defeat Kim, which is just impossible. In the Netflix documentary, there is a part where a former member starts introducing herself. She states that she's 5-year-old nag one's mother.


She's sitting there. Clearly, she's not smiling. This is not a good moment. This is not a happy show, but she starts the interview with, well, I can't call myself a mother. I can't say the word mother because I'm such a horrible bitch. I'm so horrible. I wish somebody would just stone me to death. I'm really such a horrible fucking bitch. And I don't deserve to live, and with each word and phrase, she's slapping herself across the face from the left side to the right side, left side to the right side. The producers eventually have to stop her and her cheeks are bright red on both sides and the way she does it. Sure, some people argue maybe it's performative for the documentary, but regardless, the way she slaps herself does not appear to be the first time the way she slaps herself is almost on beat to the way that someone does something on autopilot muscle memory.


It's as if she's been drilling herself. In this method, the producers end up icing her face with water bottles when she tells them, I just can't forgive myself. What is it that she can't forgive herself for? Maybe it has to do with the fact that her son, five-year-old nag one was killed in the baby garden.


My dog Mango has been with me through some really crazy times in life. I mean she's been with us for the past 10 years. If you guys dunno, mango is my little French bulldog with half hair. Okay? She is fuzzy only half the time, and she is literally the glue of my family. I have quite literally named an entire podcast in a YouTube channel from my dog Mango. She is the reason that these channels exist. But three years ago, mango was diagnosed with this autoimmune disease and she was always at risk of excessive bleeding. Her fur was falling out in clumps. It was, it was a pretty stressful time in my life. I was constantly emotional about Mango being in pain, and then I would be get so stressed out every time I started going over the vet bills. Every time we took her to the vet, it was like thousands of dollars because her condition was so difficult to treat. And I am just so thankful that we had savings to cover it. I wish I had known about Spot Pet a few years back. It would've just eased so much of that stress. Our partner Spot Pet Insurance is here to share a message today on how they are a secret weapon against the unexpected. Because with Spot Pet Insurance, you can get up to 90% cash back on eligible vet bills. Our dogs are always there, For us during our hardest times, and we need to be there for them too. Go to spot pet.com today and get a quote instantly. Visit spot pet.com. Pay dad from Spot Pet Insurance Waiting Periods, annual deductibles, co-insurance benefit limits and exclusions may apply. For all terms, visit spot pet ins.com/sample. Policy insurance plans are underwritten by either Independence, American Insurance Company or United States Fire Insurance Company and produced by SPOT Pet Insurance Services LLC.


To be completely transparent with you, I am still at that stage in my life where if you tell me me, Hey, something's gonna make you feel better or something's gonna make your skin clear, I'll probably be like, give me the clear skin. But growing up is realizing that you can have both. And. I have made it a habit to implement things in my life that let me have both. Did you know that your gut health really impacts your skin health and not just skin? Apparently, your gut health can impact your immune system, your energy levels, even your mental health. That is why I've now added my favorite probiotic from SymbioticA to my morning routine. It sounds weird to say, but Symbio Attica's Health supplements are now part of my skincare routine almost. If you guys don't know, SymbioticA is a supplement company that only uses clean premium ingredients in its formulas, no seed oils, no fillers, no additives, no natural flavors, and no artificial ingredients. Symbi Attica also formulates all of their supplements for optimal absorption. For example, I love their vitamin C so much, which is also really good for your skin. If you didn't know everybody loves it. I mean it's probably the most popular vitamin C amongst all of my friends and family. We love SymbioticA. Their vitamin C is formulated with liposomal technology, which basically means the vitamin C is delivered to the part of your digestive track where it can be optimally absorbed. And I just love throwing one in my bag on the go, especially when I'm traveling. SymbioticA makes it so easy to stick to a routine, not just because of their supplements being great and tasting great and making me feel great, but also because they get delivered monthly. That means I never have to worry about refilling my supplements or running out, and it's just so easy to pause a delivery or add a new supplement to my delivery. With SymbioticA, I've really noticed an improvement in my skin health, but also I feel like I have more energy and mental clarity. Symbio Attica has countless high quality supplements that you can choose from. Sleep supplements, cognitive supplements, anti-aging supplements. If you're not sure which supplements would be best for your specific needs, you can do a short quiz on Symbio Attica's website and they'll recommend what you could benefit from this year is your year. Are you ready to feel the results? Head over to symbiotica.com and use Code Rotten for 15% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order. That's symbiotica.com and use code Rotten.


There are three, at least three mysterious deaths in the baby garden. One of them is the death of a 21-year-old girl. Kim actually has children before she starts the baby garden. like I said, now the baby has babies of her own essentially, but I'm sure at this point they're adults or practically adults. She's got three sons. They're probably adults and there's not too much information about them out there, but it's said that the Kim's sons, they lived like royalty. They got to study abroad while nobody else's children are even allowed to go to public school. She allegedly purchased three separate houses in Seoul for them to live in the future. They hired nannies, bought expensive foreign cars, private tutors to take care of these sons.


They got everything that they ever wanted and sometimes that includes other people. There are a few versions of how everything happened, but this is what you can find online. And again, the events are alleged, but this seems to be the one that a lot of the former members agree on. Allegedly. Kim's son really, really liked this 21-year-old girl named me young. She was brought into the baby garden by her parents, so not by her choice. Everybody in the garden loved her. She's pretty, they said she's like stunning, idle, pretty exceptionally pretty. They said, not only is she pretty, she has such a gentle soul. Unfortunately, it said that one of Kim's sons took a liking to her, allegedly requested to his mom that me young work in their house on the property to cook and wash dishes.


Now, instead of working outside in the baby garden or for RA records, she would be like a housekeeper of sorts. It's theorized that he essayed me young. She wanted to self exit after that. Words started spreading because she was having mental breakdowns after the alleged essay that people started finding out, and Kim spun the story allegedly that Mi Young had seduced her son and she could not live with the guilt and shame. She allegedly said, my son would never do something like that. She seduced my son. This is all her fault. She made Mi Young's parents beat her first before dragging her into one of the empty warehouses. She grabbed a bunch of sticks and allegedly ordered everyone to beat me young with it.


There was another young girl nearby that was also brought in to be beaten, but it seems like all the anger was focused on me young, and she remembers hearing Kim telling me young, all you bitches are the same. You broke baby's heart, so I'm gonna kill you and make sure nobody finds your body. She's saying, you broke baby's heart. Who's the baby? Is she referring to her? Oh, she's saying, you broke my heart. Yeah, Kim orders me Young's own mother to beat her with a stick. And there was this one moment, according to the other member, one last look where Mi young looks up at. Kim stares her in the eye. And I. Guess that really unsettles Kim. And she allegedly freaks out and starts screaming you fucking slut, and orders her to be killed, and they just unleash hell, they beat her until she's no longer there.


The other witness states it was like a scene out of chaos in hell. My mind went blank As I watched all these people beat that poor little girl. She was such a small, frail, weak girl. They're calling her all sorts of names. They're cursing at her. It was completely heartless. By the end, she could no longer cry or scream or beg for anything. She ended up passing out and urinated all over herself. That was the last time she would be seen. The worst part is other members have reported that Mi Young's parents thanked Kim for their daughter's death stating that she needed to be punished for rebelling. One former member stated they were practically raised in the cult, so this is a different death.


So for most of their life, they didn't even call their parents mom or dad just by their government names or ma'am. And sir, even between siblings, they had a level of coldness or else Kim would be very upset. But regardless, the former member said their family was going through a rough time because their father, but they can't call him. Father was constantly getting yelled at by Kim for not growing the apple trees correctly. Kim did not like the way that he was doing his job. A few days later, he vanished. His children are called into Kim's room and she just tells them bluntly, your so-called Father passed away, self exit. He drank the pesticide, but it's okay because I'm gonna let you live here forever. That would be the best, wouldn't it?


Kim would not let them see their father's body. They didn't even know where his grave was. Kim just allegedly went around telling everyone, well, it was only a matter of time. He had a bad temper. He mistreated all of those around him and he drank the pesticide. Once he realized how wrong he was and how guilty he was of raising the apple trees the wrong way, one former member would later state. Looking back the 15 years I was there, my life was filled with nothing but emptiness, believing in an absurd fiction that no one else in the world would believe wasting my life away. I believed And, I respected baby as an absolute being, and she trusted me as well. Therefore, I was able to live each day with the sole intention of being loyal to my death, even in an immoral, inhumane lifestyle that betrayed human ethics, which nobody else could understand.


Life there was rampant with illegal activities, lies, violence. It was a group where one could only live and die for baby. Another member went missing, and they were told that that person just left, but some believe it's more likely that they were killed. We don't have too much information on them, but it stated that he suggested to his wife that they should leave, and soon afterwards, he was forced to drink some sort of herbal medicine and he quickly vanished after that, allegedly. Then there's 5-year-old nag, one nag. One's mom said five-year-old nagan did not understand what was going on. He just knew that his mom and dad were working all day long. He wasn't allowed to see them.


He wasn't even allowed to call them mom and dad. And anytime he did anything, even remotely quote unquote bad, he would be beaten by Kim. His mom said he just dismissed his mother, but he wasn't allowed to see me, and he didn't know how to express his frustration for that. So he pooped and he smeared it on the window frames. Like think about how mentally disturbed a five-year-old has to be and how traumatized they have to be to poop and smeared on the window frames. Like at this point, the amount of trauma that this baby has faced already is probably very extensive. The mom states he got frustrated. He said he hated Kim because Kim would beat him, and whenever he saw Kim, he would start screaming out of fear.


Kim would tell the others, A demon has possessed that child. The evil spirit is trying to harm me, using him as the vessel. If we don't do anything, that evil spirit will try to kill me. Do you want your God to die? Is is what she allegedly would say in Korea. Some people believe that one's name can determine their future. This comes up sometimes in crimes where mothers bless them because they can't understand why a violent crime has happened to their child. They almost start blaming themselves, and sometimes you'll even see in these crimes moms who say, maybe my name was wrong and it brought bad luck to the family. Obviously, that's just the grieving brain trying to make sense of the senseless. But some Koreans do hold that belief that your name can determine your future.


Some focus more so on the hanta, which is the meaning behind each symbol. So for example, something can sound like a regular name, but the meaning can be bright princess, but it sounds like Susie, right? Other Koreans focus on a mixture of that Inju, which is Korean astrology. They say it's important for a name to be harmonious. Now, Nagan arguably has a very, very good name. The Hanza, the traditional symbols for his name means two things, happiness and paradise, a happy paradise. It almost has the connotation of heaven. But how can someone who hates Kim so much who is so terrified of Kim be paradise?


If he's paradise and he's terrified of her, what does that make her? Well, it would make her the devil, wouldn't it? But she can't say that I mean, could she? Right? So she changes five-year-old nag, one's name to Nki. He, the symbol means ghost. She just renamed this kid ghost, and she said, the new name now symbolizes go away, ghost go away, spirit. And from there, the torture begins. He gets taken into the pig pens on the property. Baby garden, like I said, has these massive buildings for the pig pens. And when you walk inside these pig pens, it's like an artificially lit warehouse, just a long container like building on both sides.


You just see these individually sectioned pig pens filled with pigs. And no matter how well maintained a pig pen is, if it's this size, it's not gonna be a pleasant place to be. No matter how much someone spends on the ventilation system when you walk in, it's an invisible brick that just hits you the pungent aroma of a public restroom in the humid underground subway stations that has not been cleaned in years mixed with this chemical scent of ammonia that just pierces through your nostrils to the point where it feels very raw and painful. In places like this, you don't wanna be able to smell. You'd rather be oblivious, but you can't because the ammonia just opens your nose right up. And when you walk in, your eyes are watering and the humidity is the worst part. It feels like you're in a sauna where someone has gotten this big pot of pig sweat, pig feces, and has started steaming it until the whole air is foggy.


That's where 5-year-old Nagan is brought in to the pigpen where he is tied up in one of the pigpens. He is stripped of all of his clothes so that he's sitting completely nude and his hands are tied behind his back. His aunt, who is also part of baby garden, his blood relative, his mom's sister comes in and Kim explains, according to the aunt, he pooped and smeared his poop all over the walls. He's possessed by a spirit. We need to discipline your little nephew, but his father is gone and his mother is at work, so you take her place and you need to beat your nephew. There were others there too. And the aunt looked around and they're nodding. Naqui has been possessed by a Satan.


The baby said, we can't just let the devil be. We have to exercise the devil. He should try the feces, feed him the feces. I don't know why the aunt listens I mean. I know why. I guess logically speaking, she's indoctrinated to the point where her morals are like second place to her beliefs. But like I don't know why. She grabs a fistful of pig feces from the ground, starts kneading it up into small balls with her hands, with her fingers, and tries to shove it into her nephew's mouth. Each time he would just push it out with his tongue, and eventually they just get frustrated. They start scooping the pigpen feces into the shovel and grab a stick to smother the stick with the pig feces, and then force feed it into his mouth. They start shoving the stick deep into his throat, and when that's not enough, they're ordered to beat him with the sticks.


The aunt stated that she believed in that moment she was helping her nephew get the spirit out of him. They all allegedly did. They're all standing in a line waiting to beat this little boy up with these hard smacking sticks, and They would scream, leave him be Satan. How dare you come here. Satan, if one of them was a little softer on beating him, They would be accused of disobeying and still having human relationships and attachments, or being on Satan's side. God forbid they'd be forced to hit him even harder. When Nagan would start crying in the beginning, she would tell them that the spirit inside of him is stubborn and refuses to leave. The aunt realized that there were these nails embedded into the stick that they were hitting him with, so he was bleeding all over the place.


She never untied her nephew. She never took him to the hospital. She just leaves after beating him. Another member who was tied up in the pig pen, he reported seeing little nag one there for at least multiple days. He said the worst part of it all was they didn't give him any food, not even water. The only water that you can get is from this tap that the pigs drink from, but you have to press it where you get the water and there's no cups there. So I would press it, gather as much water as possible in my palm, bring it over to him for him to drink, but he could barely drink it. He had no energy. He was so badly wounded at this point. The other member said while he was trapped in that pig pen, one night he woke up and realized that five-year-old nagan was gone. He had undone his ties. He's gone.


He had run out. He ran all the way to the dining room, and it's actually quite a far distance. Most of the adults, they don't even seem to walk themselves. And if they do, it's a long process. So this is a massive farm. It's not like, oh, I'm gonna walk to my neighbor's house. It's a long journey, and it's not flat paved road. The member said he probably went there hoping there was some food left. I mean he must have been starving to run all the way there. You know when he finally gets to the dining hall, he finds an adult and he asks, is there any food left? And the adult immediately goes to Kim the baby, and tells Baby I mean we gotta do something. It's been reported that the adult tells Kim something along the lines of I mean he hasn't had anything to eat.


He hasn't had anything to drink, and he ran all the way to the dining room from the Pigpen to the dining room. He really must be possessed by some sort of spirit indicating you can't do that if you have no food and water and you're a five-year-old Wow. Nag one was taken right back to the Pigpen without even a single sip of water. From then on, witnesses said he would get beaten by Kim and her little associates. He couldn't even scream. She would beat him, but nothing. He had been beaten so many times. His body was too frail to even fight. Some said the worst part was in situations like this, you would expect a five-year-old to scream for their mom or their dad or their aunt, but nothing.


It's like he knew they weren't gonna come and save him, and his eyes were just wide open staring at Kim. He wasn't glaring. I mean he could be. Who cares, right? But he wasn't glaring because the witnesses said He's just such an innocent baby. He was an innocent baby that he looked like he didn't even know why he was there. After days of torture, NGU finally passed. He had died. Prosecutor King gets a report that there was a death at Baby Garden, but he gets this report 10 years after the death. The father of Ngu takes 10 years to come and report the death.


He's in there for 10 more years, but before, I guess he snaps out of it and then goes to report it to the police. Prosecutor King decides to take on this case, and at first the prosecutor, he thought, yeah, there's no way that these reports from Baby Garden are true. They run a massive K-pop record business. They're reputable all around the country. They have a farm. It's like a community lifestyle living, right? But there's no way it's a cult. Prosecutor King starts going through all the reports that former members had managed to escape and had filed. Now, there had been multiple mysterious deaths, AKA, they believed to just be straight up murders, which isn't as far fetched. When you read some of the victim statements, one victim wrote, I was beaten with a mulberry, Branch and metal pipe from midnight till 4:00 AM with bruises everywhere.


Another writes, I felt that if I stayed there any longer, I too would eventually be beaten to death. But even if this is true, this is gonna be one of the hardest cases that he ever takes on in his entire career. And this is when he's just starting off. He's so young. He's like a baby prosecutor. His higher ups practically tell him, yeah, it's just gonna be you on the case. Nobody else is gonna help you. I mean. Yeah, you've got all the investigators, the police, but they're not not going to trial. You're the attorney, you're the prosecutor. So it's really just gonna be you when you're gonna put the trial together. We don't have the manpower in this district. And not only that, prosecutors don't really like to go after religious cults. How do you convince victims that their victims, when they think you the prosecutor, are the perpetrator?


And on top of that, Colts have a lot of financial power, especially in places like South Korea. They've got influence. They have money and sway to make prosecutors' lives a living hell. Regardless, prosecutor King decides, I'm gonna go full force, straight into the Devil's Garden. Wow. In the middle of one of Kim's services, she's up there on the podium, probably spewing more nonsense about baby this baby that being baby I am baby. It's kind of an odd fantasy if you think about it. She looks older than she actually is. I don't know what compelled her to come up with this train of thinking, this type of logic, her very bizarre obsession with being a baby and called baby. Anyway, she's up there, a three year old baby with a bunch of wrinkles, giving full blown lectures on how to serve me baby.


When the doors to the auditorium that the baby garden members have built by hand, slam open detectives, 50 detectives swarm the place and a voice is just booming through the room. You are completely surrounded, surrender. Everyone just breaks out into a full blown sprint. Everyone is scattering like bugs that just got raided. There's people going that way, this way, that way. People are full on fighting, attacking the detectives, tackling detectives to the ground. Oh, they're fighting. They're fighting. Some are. They're not running. Some are running. Most are fighting. Wow. In the chaos, Kim and her right hand woman managed to escape conveniently into a passageway that leads underground.


So I'm assuming someone planned for something like this to happen. Eventually, Kim manages to escape off the property and into the woods. They lose the queen bee. That's how they refer to it. It is a huge blow to the investigation because she's someone who has the funds to stay missing. When they open up one of her safes, it was filled to the brim with cash calculating inflation. It was filled with nearly half a million dollars in cash, just in the safe. One of her safes. The investigators noted the living situation was bizarre. The members are all living in these horrendous military barrack style rooms. While Kim is living in her little palace with a personal sauna, her bed is a special custom clay bed.


Even her speaker system for her room alone calculating inflation is estimated to be a quarter million dollars. Oh, why do you need speakers that expensive? But now she's gone. They lost her. She got away. Prosecutor King says, we lost the Queen Bee. The search and seizure was a complete failure. I felt a huge sense of shame. Of course, we put her on the wanted list. We also tried to track her down her vehicle. We tried so many other things. We revealed her face to the media. But she's not a stupid woman. She's a very smart, very wealthy woman. She's gonna stay well hidden. The whole cult goes into lockdown. They keep operating and working as normal. Clearly, they're getting instructions from somewhere. But anytime Prosecutor King or any detectives would come around, They would avoid answering the questions.


They're all protecting their queen bee. Where is Kim hiding? I'm not sure what you're asking. And. I don't have anything more to tell you. I have no idea where she is. Where is your leader? Leader? There's no leader here. This is a cooperative farm. You don't know what you're talking about. Another member has asked, where is your leader? Our leader, she's this intelligent leader who guides us. She's not a religious leader. So in a way, our relationship with her is more like friends or like sisters. She leads us in business and life and finances like a why sister. So where is she right now? I have no idea. I wouldn't know. So Nobody is ratting her out, like everyone's still very loyal.


Yes. Another cult member just responds. There is nobody here forcing us to work. What kind of coercion would it be, huh? Where? Who's forcing us? Everyone likes it here. I'm very satisfied with my life here. I'm content. I'm happy. And yes, it's a little noisy because there were a few people who left and messed it all up, and they claimed to be victims or whatever, but they didn't suffer any harm at all. In fact, they were receiving help when they left. Ugh. Another member says, look, the content being reported to the media is vastly different from the truth. We're not being shaken about this though. Among the people who have been living here now, not a single person has left because they're disturbed by this incident breaking out. We are steadfast.


At one point, one of the former members that left tries to go back to convince everyone to save themselves. They went with detectives and they said, come on guys. Wake up or else you're gonna suffer for another 15 years. Wake up. Someone screams at her. Our hard work is worth it. How is it worth it? You left us, so don't bother us. Shut up and go live your own life. One guy is pointing at his teeth and he's bragging, look, I needed dental treatment for thousands of dollars, and Baby Garden was willing to pay it for me. It's likely that he's been working for them nonstop ever since. He joined, perhaps for over a decade for free, and all he got was a few thousand dollars in dental treatments.


They argued that Kim is such a great leader. She's just creating a world where everybody is fair. That is all. So people are now either looking for Kim or they're actively hiding. Kim, none of the prosecutor's work will matter if they can't find her. How do you find someone with hundreds of people devoted to her and tens of millions of dollars at her disposal? She could be on the beach of some remote island right now, but she's not. She's in the prosecutor's office turning herself in what her attorney's told her, that if she turns herself in, they will hold her for three days to question her. They will get nothing out of it, and after that, they will release her. But instead, the prosecutors slap her with murder charges and they're going to trial.


During the interrogation of Kim prosecutor Kang states, she was not emotional, not even in the slightest. He states she's very calm, calmer than expected. She stayed composed while saying what she wanted to say. She was never swayed. Even when the investigators turned up, the heat made her feel pressure. She did not get provoked. She did not fall for any leading questions. She's not only experienced, but she's very well prepared. The only thing she was firm on is that she did not murder anyone. She denied at all everything she said. I don't know what you're talking about. I have children of my own. How could I ever harm a child? There might have been other violent people in the baby garden that tried to punish victims, but if that were the case, I never knew anything about it. I never ordered such a thing.


The prosecutors there having to listen to Kim deny everything, whilst also talking to LAN's mom, who vividly remembers everything. She explained that even when she found out that her son was dead, she was on her knees, practically bowing at Kim's feet. When Kim said, NAIA is gone. He's dead. When he died, his face looked like a cat that was twisted because he was the devil. If he grew up, he would've opposed this place. All of us, me, we have to demonstrate to the other children that they must be loyal to our cause. Since your family joined last and lacks faith, it would've been hard for you to continue here without sacrificing na. But now, with the sacrifice of NA's soul, you'll receive the blessing of heaven. So be cooperative on this matter.


You just have to do as you're told, she was forced to sign a paper that stated that her son died from a genetic heart disease. She says, even though my child was tortured and beaten to death, I was forced to sign that document. But because he was cremated, there is no evidence that he was tortured to death. They tried to find the bodies of the other alleged murder victims. They brought in excavators all over the property. Nothing, nobody, A former member who was close to Kim at the time, alleges that Kim said, don't worry. They're not gonna find anything. The prosecutor says, trying to find the truth in a case where there are no bodies is very difficult, but at least they have testimonies from previous members, and maybe they can save the others.


Save them from believing Kim. Get them to see the truth. She has. No God. So one of the biggest parts of trying a cult leader and getting them to trial and getting them even charged is getting them to admit that they're not God. It helps the members realize this person is a phony because only regular people are scared of the authorities. Only regular people are scared of prison. Kim is no God. She's just an evil old lady. She's not baby. She's a wrinkling, middle-aged woman. That's what Prosecutor King is trying to get everyone to see. He asked her nonstop in the interrogations, but aren't you? Aren't you, God? And she would have to say, because it benefits her case, I'm not God. And he would just have her say it over and over and over again.


Wait, it helps her case because, Because if she's running a cult, Ah, And you can't, you know, if you say that you're the coming of God, coming of of Christ, the Messiah, the prophet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you're running a cold. So he's making her say that, and then I'm not God. And then she will, he will play this to the, to everyone In, in. Yes. Wow. Yeah. He made her repeat over and over. I'm not God. I'm not God. I'm not God. It's alleged that Kim is no first timer when it comes to rather extreme religious organizations. Though apparently before she started Baby Garden, she was part of another church that was nicknamed the Shaving Church, because members were forced to shave their heads.


But most notably, the church was allegedly involved in naked dancing practices where the church leaders would encourage the congregation to get naked and dance for God, which would be more on par with, I guess, a fun strip club rather than a church. So I'm not really sure what the messaging they were trying to push here is allegedly. All we know for certain is that before she started Baby Garden, she was just a very ambitious housewife. It said that those who knew her before she started Baby Garden, she was a nobody. She had nothing. Her parents weren't established. She didn't have good support. She just ends up marrying the son of a pastor because she had no other choice. It doesn't seem like she loves him much. Yes, but she, they said she always dreamt of glory and honor.


She wanted to be somebody she wanted respect. So once she brands herself, the Queen of love as the second coming of Christ, one former member says, it's how humans are. When you see someone as mighty as if they're God, everything they do seems beautiful and lovely. We all thought she was God. So everything about her at the time seemed beautiful. We couldn't find anything wrong with her. But when it comes to trial, everything is hanging on by a thread. There's no bodies. All the witnesses, the former members, they start slowly pulling out one by one from testifying. Either they're terrified for their lives or they've received financial benefits from Kim to stay out of it. Allegedly, the only person they really have is Ngu, one's mom and her moving testimony.


Hopefully it's enough. During the trial, the woman who were forced to beat Ngu testified stating they were ordered by Kim to do it. But finally, NGU, one's mom takes the stand and she looks at the judges and states, her son, her only baby, her baby boy died from a heart condition. He was not beaten. He was not tortured. He was not murdered. Wait, The mother, Yeah, in that moment, Nagus father said, I wanted to kill her. In that moment, that crazy deranged woman, she lied. I told her, wake up, you crazy woman. Listen to me. Our son was beaten to death, but she didn't listen. What happened? Some reports state that she might have still had a weakness for Kim.


Some reports state that she feared for her life because Kim was threatening her. The prosecutor, prosecutor King, saw his entire case just fall apart right in front of his eyes. But what else could he do? In fact, he almost just felt worried for nag one's mom. He said, what must have they done to her? What kind of wicked things must they have done to get her to lie about the death of her precious son? At that point, it wasn't even anger. It was just heartbreaking to watch this. So-called maternal love get completely trampled upon. In the end, Kim was found guilty of six charges of tax, evasion, embezzlement, and assault. She was sentenced to four years in prison and a fine of, if you calculate in inflation, a fine of $8.9 million that she paid like on the spot, pretty much in cash.


Like liquid. She was liquid, yeah. But she would later be acquitted of the murder charges due to lack of evidence. Now, years later, NGO's, mom states, I sincerely regret taking a child to a place like that. I was foolish to do something that would break my own heart. I have nobody to blame but myself. I wish somebody would just stone me. I wish somebody would beat me, and she starts slapping her face. I wish somebody would just beat me, just beat me to death. I just wish somebody would stone me to death. I wanna apologize. I wanna say that I'm sorry it would be shameless to ask for it, but I wanna beg for my son's forgiveness. I wanna tell him that it's my fault and that I'm sorry. What do I do now? Someone please beat me. It's my fault. What do I do? I wish I could die, but I can't even do that. To which some people felt really uncomfortable by, there's two episodes in the Netflix documentary in the name of God, holy betrayal.


So obviously people are uncomfortable that she's slapping herself, but because they noticed a few things, the first being that she doesn't shed too many tears. She's just slapping herself to show grief, and maybe you could argue that the grief is so big that the tears are not flowing anymore. But the weirdest part is she still refers to her son as na. She doesn't call him Dagan. One in, yeah, one that is in comments. Why are you to this day calling your son by the name that referred to him as a demon and not his actual name? I mean? It's very strange. I think she's just mentally not there. But it's hard for me.


This is what the EZ and writes, it's hard for me to feel sympathy because she betrayed her son to the very end. She let her five year-old get tortured and murdered, and then testified that he died from a disease to protect the cult leader. And then she still calls him Nki, just no words. Kim is now 83 years old. And, I. Think it's really freaking weird that she called herself baby, and not once did she ever even look a year younger than her actual age. That's all I have to say about that aspect. It has also been alleged that one of the main reasons that Shera, like I said, was able to dominate the record selling industry was so quickly was because of their free unpaid labor.


It said that as recently as 2021, according to one article, their sales were in the near 50 to 60 million ballpark. I don't know how accurate that is, but I imagine it's safe to assume that they're raking in a lot of money in profits. One former member said that when they started Shenetta Records, there was just so much money, cash, specifically, they had just stacked it inside of Kim's room. She said her room is about 1500 square feet. That money, we brought it in, and about two thirds of her room were filled up to the ceiling. What? Yeah, it's unclear now if the employees that are employed wishing that records is part of Baby Garden, but the current CEO is allegedly was one of her right hand people during the operation of Baby Garden, What happened to Baby Garden?


Still technically operating? She's still owns a ton of farmland. Yeah. Wow. Now, I would say it's still just not the best company to support, in my humble opinion, because I'm sure those employees are not getting the bulk of the profits. It's all allegedly going to Kim. The music agencies that have been able to make the choice to stop working with Sheta have chosen to stop promoting sales at Shenetta. So most notably, Starship Entertainment, the agency that you might be familiar with that signed, ive as well as a bunch of other massive k-pop groups. But specifically for Ive, with their recent comeback, they did not list shenetta as a record seller. So every time K-pop albums are released, they list a whole group of reputable distributors, like verified retailers.


Mm. Sheta was not listed. However, they do sell i's albums because they can't pull their albums from sheta for legal contractual reasons, it seems. Wow. But they're not advertising them. Right. Okay. So If I'm not mistaken, 17 has also excluded Shenetta records from their album release press releases. So technically you can still purchase them from sheta, but the artists themselves have stopped promoting them as distributors, which again, nothing is ever the artist's fault. So even if there are artists that are promoting on their press releases, it's not like the artist has control over that. It's the agency. Right. And again, I'm sure every K-pop group out there, if they had that type of control, they don't want their albums sold there.


Dispatch interviewed reps for most of the top music agencies in South Korea about this issue, and even the agencies seem to be in a pickle. I'm not excusing agencies. They clearly have more power in this than the artists. But even the agencies have stated it's not very simple. If it was just a contract between us and RA like a one time deal, it's possible to just say, Hey, don't send the album to ra. However, agencies and distributors and sheta have been intertwined through contractual obligations for a long period of time. So they're saying if you pull now, it's likely you have to pull every past group from this agency, all of their records. And then sometimes people have different contracts with different groups.


Yeah, I see. They stated, yeah, they stated in an interview, to put it simply, they can't forcibly remove the albums from Sheta. It's not even directly between Shenetta and the agencies. Apparently a lot of the agencies have a bunch of middlemen that sign with Shenetta. So what the agencies seem to be doing that is in their control is excluding Shenetta from their official announcements. And thankfully, this is a situation where consumers have the power. I personally will be boycotting ra, and if you've purchased with them before, knowing all of this, don't go and like throw your stuff away or anything. Just now you know for future consideration, because there's just so many other places you can purchase albums to support your favorite artists. It's not like RA is the only place, and allegedly, this is what Kim told her followers, the one who escaped from Baby Garden.


They have no money and are uneducated. Nobody will listen to them. I have plenty of money, lawyers and prosecutors and judges who all love money, so they're on my side. Even if someone brought me a lot of money, I'm not gonna give them a single cent back. I would rather spend millions with lawyers than give 10 cents to those who left. Huh? Okay. Interesting. One of the former members says, now we understand why she always boasted so loudly about the media, lawyers, prosecutors, judges, and even the president, for being on her side, for being her servants. She claimed she could never be found guilty of anything, and that if someone came at her through one hole, she could escape through 10 more. We've come to realize how very true her words were.


Another former member penned almost like an open letter to Kim, and again, this is just one person supposed feelings and memories. This is not me saying this is what happened. Do your own research, but they wrote, you arranged grand weddings for your three sons and let them have children. You gave your husband sons and relatives who never did any manual labor or street vending positions as chairmans presidents and directors at Shenetta affiliated companies. You distributed Aga San, which is baby gardens, assets to them, bought them luxury homes and foreign cars and let them spend money recklessly. You claimed they were exempt from any wrongdoing. In 1981, Tang J, the 8-year-old, youngest daughter of OL had sold his house and farmland to join.


He sold everything, was diagnosed with a brain tumor and hospitalized this 8-year-old. But you said cancer patients would die anyway, and it would just be a waste of money. She'd only be useful for experiments. You had her discharged from the hospital and that young child died just 15 days later. You made even elementary school children work in factories making bamboo salt and farming without letting them go to school. When a 20-year-old was in a traffic accident while selling goods outside, you said even $2,500 in settlement money to bail them out was too much. That young man was sent to prison to pay with his body. This hasn't been proven, but this is just what's out there. And, I personally will not be purchasing anything from Sinah.


Kim and her associates. The Baby Garden Church did file an injunction last year to prevent Netflix from releasing episodes on their organization. Same with JMS, which we also covered. Netflix released a series titled In The Name of God, a Holy Betrayal. The series as a whole covers multiple different cults, if you will. JMS, we covered, we, we covered their, they're connected to this Hill ferry. We covered that one. And Baby Garden has two episodes dedicated to them. They like the other organizations, tried to stop Netflix from releasing the series. Baby Garden Stated, Netflix's depiction of them was fictional and misleading, which a lot of people were nervous about considering Baby Garden had filed an injunction against another massive Korean media house as SBS, and they did not release their episode.


Really, this Was a while back though. Early two thousands. So it had worked in the Past. It worked in the past, and even the producers were a little bit nervous. Now, the injunction was thrown out, meaning Netflix was free to release the episodes to which the director of the series stated, I hope many people watch those episodes to see just how cruel and scary religious cults can be. I will say it's not over. Then Baby Garden files a lawsuit against Netflix for good old defamation, demanding them to pay nearly $10,000 per day that the episodes were available on the streaming platform with the total amount, at that point being a quarter million dollars. The lawsuit took place in Korea, from what I can see, and essentially it was thrown out by the judge.


Now, I will say, if it gets thrown out in Korea, it doesn't even stand chance in places like the United States, like even the SBS injunction. I wonder if it was taking place in the United States. I don't think that Baby Garden would've won. Right, right, right. Yeah, so it's It's very interesting how that's done. But according to some sources, baby Garden was also allegedly ordered to pay for the other party's legal fees, but she did sue the author of the book, the Prosecutor, working on the Case, the one that we were able to interview managed to get $17,000 in damages from him. But that was the least of his concerns. According to our interview, it seems like Kim used a lot of her money and influence to get him, technically, I don't wanna say out as a prosecutor, but basically made his life so difficult that it would be hard for him to continue down his career trajectory, or at least that's how it felt to a lot of people.


We asked the prosecutor if he ever regretted going against Baby Garden because clearly it impacted his career. He said, as a human, I can't say that I have regrets. I did suffer a lot of damages. Sometimes I can't lie. I do wonder, did I have to go that far? Did I have to take it that far? But if I think about it, if I went back to that time, would I make that same choice again? Yes. Because if I can just save one person from Baby Garden, I would feel a great sense of accomplishment. So the losses I suffered, it's not that big of a deal about the trial process. He said there was no one helping me. And I was being systematically harassed, handling that case with limited people and conducting all three trials alone.


I just felt very lonely. No one was helping me, and instead people were trying to bring me down. That was the most hurtful thing in the end. Looking back now, it seems like I was too ambitious taking on a case like this. It should have been handled by a larger office. But when the victims filed complaints with other jurisdictions, with larger DA offices, nobody wanted to take it because the baby Garden influence was that large. No prosecutor wanted to do it. I was young. I was naive at the time. I just had this sense of justice, I guess. And, I recklessly jumped in And. I tried to fight as hard as I could. Oh my gosh. When victims of the baby Garden had thanked Prosecutor King for his work, he said, every time I hear those words, I feel choked up with emotion.


And I realize once again that the sacrifices made were not meaningless. They were worthwhile. He now has his own private practice, but he does say this about Kim. That woman is truly evil. She is an evil woman that is extremely clever, a victim said about the situation. It's not enough that Kim received a light punishment compared to her evil deeds, but also after her release, she is enjoying her wealth as if she's mocking the world. It has now been reported that Kim is suffering from dementia and is receiving treatment in Seoul. Yeah, I don't think that's karma enough.


Yeah. What are your thoughts? Let me know in the comments. Have you heard of Baby Garden? And please stay safe. And I will see you in the next one.