
Ramble updating your fall.


Look, give your smile a glow up at 10 Dental this season. Now's the time to use your insurance benefits before they expire. Tend offers easy online booking and soothing, relaxing studios Designed to put you first. A free cleaning covered by insurance. That's something to smile about. Go to hello tend.com/dc podcast. That's hello. TEN d.com/dc podcast to book your appointment.


Badabing Bad. What would be considered a normal reaction to have? When detectives come to your door and they tell you the other woman that your fiance has been seeing, she's dead. It's nighttime. The hallway of the apartment complex is not well lit. It's pretty dark. But the two homicide detectives, they don't have time to waste. They knock on the door to Daniel's apartment until it swings open. And instead of Daniel standing there, they see two women. One of them is definitely older, she's 27, her name is Anton. She clearly seems like she's the one in charge when she opens this door. The other girl, Janine, she's 17, and she has this energy that's that's similar to those side girl in the movies.


That one follower of the mean girl who just follows the main character, mean girl around smirking in the background while she's bullying other people. That is the 17-year-old Janine's Aura. Annetta leans up against the doorframe. Janine, the side character is like behind her, leaning up against the wall. Her hip is popped out on one side. Hey, I'm Detective Carter with the county police. Are you Annetta? Yes. Hi. We know that there was an incident that happened earlier. Yeah. Has anyone called you about it since? No. Was somebody supposed to? Well, we just got another call about it. So I guess the girl, the woman her fiance was seeing went to the hospital.


Okay. And she died. She died. Both of them are quiet for like a moment. Janine, the little follower girl, her hand is still propped up against the wall. She's not even faced. She doesn't even change her position. She has the reaction of someone telling her that a random person on the other side of the world is dead. Actually, less reaction than that. The officers continue. She's dead. And we know that there was an altercation that happened before. Yeah. And that was mutual. She came here. Yet we understand that. Yeah. I mean I wasn't gonna kill anybody. I'm not that person.


I get it. I get it. Yeah, I get it. But because of that, we have to kind of talk to you guys and get a bit more of a formal statement. Sure. Okay. Wow. I'm so sorry about that. That was not my intention. I've just been mentally going through a lot lot. I have bipolar depression and I'm just going through a lot right now. And you know, I came up here from up north with my fiance. I came here with my fiance to start a new life, buy a house, everything like that. And I just never expected him to basically cheat on me with someone at the workplace. You know what I'm saying? It was not the reaction most people were expecting.


When Antonette is told that her fiance's love interest is dead, especially when she's the one responsible. We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the national network to end domestic violence. A nonprofit organization dedicated to creating a social, political, and economic environment in which partner related, workplace related and stalking violence no longer exists.


This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now, with that being said, let's get started. What does one do when they find out that their partner is cheating on them? One person said that they held a mock funeral for their relationship to mourn the death of their marriage. They went and they buried all of their photos together. They held eulogies, With, all of their friends for what the relationship was like in their lives. And then they walked away to grieve. Another person said they just immediately started throwing everything out of the house. That was the only appropriate response she felt in that moment.


She just wanted to get rid of everything that had to do with him. Gone go away. There needed to be a new space that was untainted by their whole relationship. Annetta, on the other hand, had quite a unique reaction, I guess you could say. Annetta and Daniel had been together for the past five years. They have a child together, and for the past five years, ever since she became a mom to his baby, this is her main priority. All she does when she wakes up till the moment that she hits the bed and goes to sleep is think about her two babies. So she has one with Daniel and another one from a previous relationship. She doesn't have time for her friends anymore. She doesn't have time for her family. She has nobody but Daniel and their kids.


And maybe Daniel's little sister, Janine. That's it. Antonette feels like she's gotten even more isolated because they moved all the way from Buffalo, New York down to Georgia to start this new life. And one day she's cooking, cleaning, working from home, taking care of the kids. When Daniel's little 17 year old sister, Janine turns to her and says, oh, And, I forgot to tell you Daniel is cheating on you. This just confirmed what Anton has been feeling since they moved to Georgia. She knew it. She could feel it in her intuition, and this is gonna make her lose her mind. She says, I work from home. I'm in this house 24 7. I cook clean and work.


That's all I do all day long. It's probably why I lost my mind. What do you mean he's cheating on me? She has no family's house to stay at. She just has Daniel. That's it. And he's over there cheating with the manager of his workplace. She says, I put all my eggs in one basket just for this to happen. I don't know. I don't know what Antonette was expecting when she confronts Daniel. Maybe she thought that he was gonna grab her leg and beg her to stay. Promise he'll never do it again. But instead he says, the love interest has been gone. Antonette. Okay, it's gone. And it's not the other girl's fault. Our problems are deep. Okay, we gotta a kid and everything.


So like, I have a kid with you. I'm gonna respect you regardless. This is his quote. But if I'm not with you, then I don't have to like, I don't have to do that part anymore, the romantic part. I'm just gonna take care of my kid and if you need help, I'll help you. Oh, like he's trying to break up. Yes. Wow. Daniel explains his side of the story. He feels like he's not even cheating on Antoaneta. He thought the feeling was pretty mutual. It was understood by both parties that they're not getting along, that they're just together right now physically for the kids. He says, this is like crazy to me. Like it's not like this fresh, like I'm over here cheating on this woman. I'm not. This has been a toxic environment and she's just been trying to figure out what to do.


I've been trying to figure out what to do, but she doesn't want nobody to leave. And I'm telling her like, I'll leave. I'll live in my car. I will do whatever. But it's just like, I've been through this before. Antoinette used me, abused me mentally. And, I was in the wrong, because I'm a man. Like I'm not. I'm not gonna do that again. I refuse. This is not happening. What part of Georgia are they in Beaufort, Georgia. Oh, Anton feels betrayed. She just found out that Daniel cheated on her with someone from work named Ashley. And she feels devastated. Daniel on the other hand, feels like it's not cheating because their relationship hasn't been good for a very long time and that they should both just move on.


Daniel's like, I thought that was the plan. But that is not what ends up happening because within 48 hours, Ashley, the woman from Daniel's workplace will end up dead. There's a saying that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link. The last ones to be seen with Ashley, the quote unquote other women were Antonina and Janine. So naturally they're brought into the police station to be questioned because how did Ashley go from being completely fine in the morning, meeting up with the two of them outside of Daniel's apartment and then being immediately hospitalized? The two girls, 27-year-old Antonette Daniel's fiance and the mother of his child and 17-year-old Janine Daniel's little sister and Antoinette's sister-in-Law are sitting in separate police interrogation rooms.


And Antoinette tells the police officers, I haven't slept since last night. Like, I've just had a really long day and night And I. Understand this is all voluntary. So I kind of like wanted to know, you know? Or if I could just like, is it gonna be much longer? Can I come back or something? The officer tells her, no, we need you to stay. As in, I have to stay. Okay. I think this is when Antoinette starts realizing how serious this is. Because immediately after she is read her rights, she states, well, I do wanna speak with a lawyer just because of how sensitive this situation is. I will say that, you know, I don't go out looking to harm anybody.


That's not my intention. I do feel, you know, very remorseful about anything that's happened with that young lady. And I will also say that, you know, it wasn't even my attention to get into an altercation with her today. She came over to my place of residence looking for my fiance. We argued I was hit, we fought. I feel really bad, but you know, I really, I don't know, I'm just, you know, it's just too much. It's just, I have kids. I don't know how I feel, man. I'm just going through too much. So she asked for attorney and then she went on to share all of this? Yes. Without the attorney? Yes. She does not reveal or answer many other questions though after that, in terms of what a criminal defense attorney would want to see in a client.


She's not bad. She's not the worst. She doesn't respond to anything. This is pretty much it. But as always, the group is only as strong as its weakest link. In the next room, over 17-year-old, Janine has read her rights and then she's asked about what happened that day. As she's being read her Miranda rights, she looks very serious. Her energy is similar to that of Antoine's. Like she's comprehending the seriousness, the gravity of this situation. And then she's asked, so tell us what happened. That's when she cracks a smile, flips her hair and starts using her hands to narrate this whole story. So like, let me start where lead. Okay.


So like, since I've been down here, they haven't been on good terms. My brother and his girlfriend Antoinette, so you know, arguments back to back. So like, we just came back from Florida like not too long ago for her mom's wedding. And we left on bad terms with everybody because my brother got into like a, you know, incident with her stepdad. So ever since that happened, we left Florida and it's just been rocky, rocky year. It's just been worse arguments and shit. Oh, sorry. I just cursed What, what? She keeps covering her mouth. Like she's laughing. Like, you know when you do the index finger to the mouth to cover your mouth 'cause you're giggling about something so hilarious. She's flipping her hair, using her hand to narrate. I will be honest, she sounds very normal and that's the alarming part because she's in an interrogation room, but she sounds like every other normal person giving a little story time on TikTok.


Hmm. No, you're fine. Go ahead. The way she tells it again, story time on TikTok. So my brother, him being a man cheats like always, you know, he's feeling less than, so then he thinks it's okay to cheat. So, you know, he tells me, so he tells me who he's cheating with and stuff. Now me and my stepsister, I mean, not my stepsister. My sister-in-law were very close, like so close, you don't understand, like she's more of a sister to me than my brother is a brother to me, you know? So we're like very close. So once he told me, I was like, woo, I just gotta tell her Like she's giggling and stuff. Like The whole time she's laughing and giggling, she's flipping her hair.


She's like, he, he, he, he, the police keep pegging her on Yeah, of course. It's girl code. Literally the detective is playing into this. So then she puts her hand on the table and she keeps covering her mouth. Right. And especially because right after he told me what he was doing, he told me he wanted to do it with her. So I was just like, hmm, I'm about to tell her. So she won't do it with him. So I let a few days go by because I wasn't sure. I just didn't wanna stir the pot because I already know that they had problems. So I'm like, maybe it'll come to light before I have to say anything. Obviously it did. But I still told her. So two days prior, before this day? Yeah, two days prior. Before this day we were just chilling and she was working and Daniel did something to make her upset.


So we were talking or whatever, and just like, oh, I forgot to tell you. No, I didn't forget. But that's like, so I was like, I tell her what happened, explained and he cheated or whatever, and she's like, oh really? She looked upset or whatever. And. I was like, don't tell him that I told you because he's gonna get mad at me. So after that he explained how the girl looked to me though, and you know, curly hair, Puerto Rican skinny girl. So I was like, all right, explained it to Anton. So again, the way she's talking is so normal. I feel like this is how I would talk, maybe not in this setting, in this context, but if I was just talking to a girlfriend about something unserious, something that happened at the grocery store that resulted in no negative consequences.


Yeah. I accidentally bumped into my sister with my cart and we got into a little argument. Yeah, she uses her finger to emphasize words as well. The next day we went to the store last night, we went to the store last night to QuickTrip. QuickTrip is like right there, you know? So She not understand that she's being interrogated for murder or what's going on? No, she does not understand clearly. Yeah, I don't, I'm not sure why. Okay. But she doesn't understand. But I think beyond that, it's fascinating because I do see a lot of comments on her very now since gone viral, interrogation clips of people saying, Hey, I'm 17, and if I'm even near the vicinity of a police officer, yeah.


I'm not talking like my regular Gen Z self. Like I am suddenly very professional. No sir. Yes sir. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, thank you. Especially someone died. So even if she doesn't think that she's responsible still, like yes, that's a very weird demeanor. Right? It's very strange. It's truly just a story time on TikTok. So then she explains with her finger. Okay. So after that he explained how the girl looked to me though, and you know, curly hair, Puerto Rican skinny girl. So I was like, all right, explain to Annetta the next day we went to the store last night, we went to the store last night to QuickTrip. QuickTrip is like right there, you know, QuickTrip is like a gas station, by the way, side note.


So we walked to the QuickTrip and as we were walking, both of them are walking together from QuickTrip. So they're just now leaving and we're just now coming. So Antoinette is like, is that Daniel walking by? So now she runs to him and is like, who is this? So he's like, oh, it's my coworker or whatever. Mind you, before we walked to QuickTrip, we asked him, when you would go on your break, can you take me to the store? He said he couldn't leave on his break. So when we saw them walking, it was like, you just said you couldn't leave on your break, but now you're walking with her to the store. So she's upset now I mean you could, you wouldn't take me to the store and now you're walking with the girl.


She just explained to how she looked and she fit the description of the other woman. So, you know, she's upset. They go arguing outside. So we finally got her to calm down. We went to the car. And then, oh, and then when that happened, she, the other girl, Ashley was like, oh, basically trying to argue with Anton because you know how, how upset her attitude was. So, you know, she didn't wanna seem like a little softy in front of my brother. So, you know, arguing. And then she walked away. I went to her And. I was just like, listen the problem. I explained to her the problem because I guess she was just, I don't know if she was his manager or her, his coworker, I don't know. But I explained to her the problem or whatever and let her know like, it's my brother.


And you're basically, you fit the description of the girl that he was cheating on her with. So, yeah, that's why it's a problem now. And she's like, oh, what did that guy do to me? Acting like she wasn't fucking my brother? But we know, we know. So after that, he went home, they weren't very good. They didn't go to sleep until like a good 10:00 AM in the morning. So after that, she's kicking Daniel or whatever. She doesn't wanna live with him anymore. She's kicking him out. Either he's gonna leave or she's gonna leave and you know, she's gotta leave with the kids and everything. So it just makes sense if he just left. So he's getting kicked out or whatever. And then I guess, I guess she was coming to see him. Ashley was coming to see him. He was getting kicked out. I don't know, I wasn't in those messages.


I'm not sure what was, you know, that was, but I guess she was coming to see him because he was getting kicked out. Antonette saw those messages. And the way Janine leans over, she's like leaning on the arm of her chair now, and she looks like she's giving the officers the energy of, now get this. But you know, when you tell a story and you move your body to kind of narrate and you lean in closer so that the audience gets the attention a little bit more. Like, hold on. It's about to get crazy. You're adding in these little cues. Like you have something so juicy to tell your friends. That's the energy she's giving. She continues. So she decides like, yeah, now she's about to come see you. Now I'm about to go beat her up because you just saved me the other day.


You know? That's how it was. So she's coming. So Antoinette and me, we go and she comes to the house, you know, big fight. Big fight. Wait, so the boyfriend's getting kicked out? Yes. Janine's version of the story is that her brother Daniel is getting kicked out of the house. And. I. Guess he was texting Ashley, his manager, that he is also in a romantic relationship with that he's getting kicked out and she said, I'm gonna come pick you up. Got it. I'm gonna come see you. So she's on the way to Daniel's apartment. And Antoinette and Janine read those messages and decide, you know what? Let's beat her up.


Okay? Yes. And big fight. Janine is smiling while she's making her eyes big to emphasize just how serious this big fight is. But at the same time, she's relaxed and smiling as if, again, she's just sharing a wild little TikTok story time. And she continues to recount all the things that they did to Ashley with this very nonchalant smile on her face. She smiles and she tells the detectives in the room. I never, and never, out of all the fights I've been in, I never saw somebody talk shit during a fight. Like, why are you gonna be up and talking shit? I never, never met somebody that did that. She was just like, you know, shit talking.


Oh, and your N word doesn't want you. That's why he's in love with me. And just shit like that. And then like, it was just such a weird fight. She just kept on talking shit. She was like, aren't you his sister? And just kept laughing and all types of shit. It was just weird. She's just a weird person. So she, Ashley came over to pick him up? Yes. When was the fight happening Outside? They met her downstairs. Ashley was walking to pick up Daniel. And where's Daniel? Inside sleeping. Oh, it's gonna get crazy because none of this Is, wait, this is all happening while Daniel is sleeping? Yes. Because he was not actually getting kicked out. Oh yeah.


What? It's all gonna make sense in a second. Okay. This is Janine's version of the story to the police. And the police are already putting together, this doesn't make sense with what we've discovered. Oh. So this is not the most accurate version of events. I see. See, this is Janine's version of events. Their detectives are laughing with her. They're joking around with her I mean, detective Carter really nailed this one in the interrogation. I don't even know how to explain it. The way that she's instantly. So Buddy-buddy with Janine, the way that she built rapport is probably one of the more impressive ones I've seen so far. And so she's joking around with her even when she explains how they took Ashley's phone. So Janine is like, during the fight, we took Ashley, the other woman's phone because Ashley has a husband.


So we were gonna tell the husband that she's cheating on her husband with Daniel who's cheating on Annetta. And it's all funny for the detectives. The detectives are laughing with her like it's the funniest thing in the world until it's not. So we're gonna have to book you into jail. Your charge is gonna be aggravated battery. All right. For the fight. So basically just a little more serious than just a regular battery. So what's up with Annetta? Same thing. So you're clear on your charges, Janine. So it's robbery, Janine's, mouth drops, open robbery. What? Robbery. Robbery. We didn't steal her phone.


Oh, so you just took it, you didn't steal it. Yeah. And she got it back though. I told you she wasn't leaving unless she G She got her phone back. We just did it so we could call her husband. But then we changed our minds and she got her phone back. So she said it was okay for you to take it? No. Yeah. Okay. That's robbery. Oh. So she's like, no, she didn't say it was okay to take it. And once the police tell her, yeah, okay, that's robbery. She covers her mouth and starts laughing like, oh, literally the other charge is going to be murder. Murder. You're charged with murder.


She's pointing at herself. Me. That's, that's too bad. That's that's That's fucking insane. What? And she starts wagging her finger in the air. No, no, no, no, no, no murder. I barely laid hands on her. That's her realization. Yeah. That's her realization. And she keeps trying to argue that it wasn't murder, but the whole time. She's like half laughing. Later when they take pictures of her, she's posing. She's not drunk by the way. A lot of people have compared her to Stephanie. Mel Gza. Yeah. The drunk driver that killed the couple that we covered recently. Yeah. But she's not drunk.


She's not under any Influence. No. Wow. It's just the most bizarre interrogation. And the way that she's sitting there, she keeps talking to herself after they leave the room. So they tell her her charges, they leave the room and she just keeps going. Me. And she's thinking sometimes I see that she looks stressed. 'cause we got the original full interrogation clip from the police. Sometimes it looks like she is about to feel how serious this situation is, but then she'll start talking to herself again. Like me in jail.


No. What? Yeah, it's, how long was she in there for? Like an hour or two hours? The Whole interrogation, I wanna say the actual, when she's talking to the detectives was maybe like 30, 45 minutes. She's in there for a good two hours. There's about 30 minutes in the beginning before she even talks to the detectives where she's just singing. She's singing in the interrogation room, She's singing, she calming. Like Random song? No, like full on hotline bling by Drake. What She's using finger guns and everything. I think that's why a lot of people think that she is reminiscent of Stephanie. Mel Gza. Yeah. Okay. So 'cause of the singing, 30 minutes of singing, the police came in, talked Story time, Story time, and then told her that she is gonna be charged for murder.


Then she's left alone for about another 20 minutes where she's just kind of talking to herself and at certain points it seems like she's getting serious. But then she'll start yapping to herself again about like me in jail. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And then she'll put her head in her hands and then they come back in to take pictures of her. Yeah. To take pictures of if she has any injuries or cuts. Scratches, bruising. Because there was an altercation previously. Yeah. And she starts kind of posing and giggling. And then she's like, okay, let me be serious. Let me be serious. No Freaking way. Yeah. Even when they're handcuffing her, she's like making jokes. Like what? Just talking about how her bracelets were handcrafted in Africa and then she has to give them up.


And then she's like, oh, like, oh my gosh, this tight. Hmm. So she gets charged, or she finds out that she's getting charged with murder and she says, no, no, no, no, no murder. I barely laid hands on


her. This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Whether you love true crime or comedy, celebrity interviews or news, you call the shots on what's in your podcast queue. And guess what? Now you can call them on your auto insurance too, with the name of your price tool from Progressive. It works just the way it sounds. You tell Progressive how much you wanna pay for car insurance and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. Get your quote today@progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progressive, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our pass with our dreams. I'm In from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season beef head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine, eight Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


After Anton and Janine's fight that Janine just told the detectives all about, Ashley died in the hospital from her injuries. And so yes, now both of them are getting charged with murder. So just before Antonette and Jan are brought into the police station, four people in Ashley's life are reacting to the news of Ashley's death. And they're all vastly different reactions. Daniel is standing in the hallway of that apartment after Antonette and Janina are taken to the police station. He's in the hallway with two detectives. He's showing them his phone, showing them all the text messages. Antoinette sent to Ashley.


He's saying, Antoinette took my phone while I was asleep and lied about me getting kicked out to Laura Ashley to the apartment to beat her up. Wow. He tries to explain to the detectives that he was checking in with Ashley, but she clearly does not wanna talk to him. So after the fight, he keeps texting her like, are you okay? Are you okay? I need to see you. And she just seems over him. He just wants to know. He's reassuring the detectives. Is she hurt? Like real bad. So honestly, I'm not gonna make a show. I'm just gonna, I'm not gonna go and yell. I'm not gonna call her. I just wanna know, is she okay?


We got a call from the hospital a little while ago and she actually passed away. I will say Daniel's reaction is very difficult to witness. He immediately steps down the stairs, walks straight up to the male detective that just told him the news, almost like he's about to start a fight. But he's begging, no, stop playing with me. Please, please stop playing with me. But when they tell him that they're very serious and he realizes that they're not just saying things. He looks like his knees are about to give out and he starts sobbing. No, please stop playing with me. And his voice gets very high pitched. Please stop playing with me. Please stop playing with me.


Okay. Breathe. Breathe Daniel. I know. Just breathe. They keep having to tell him, just relax, breathe. And he keeps begging them, please stop playing with me. I can't breathe. I can't breathe. Holy shit. He starts walking back into his apartment and he sounds hysterical. The authorities have to remind him to be mindful of his babies. They're still in there. They don't need to be traumatized. I'm never gonna find her ever fucking again, bro. Fuck. Holy shit. Please, please, please, please. This was really it. That's what I said to you after this. I'm done. Fuck, fuck shit. This is so hard. Please, please, please. Oh fuck. I just felt a hole in my heart as soon as she left. That shit was crazy. I can't breathe.


I really can't. I just can't. What do I do? What do I do? What do I fucking do? And it's, it's actually very difficult to listen to. The authorities are trying to calm him down. I know this is hard, but at the end of the day, you still have your child in here, okay? And even as the authorities are on their way to leave, Daniel stops them and he cries to them. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. What do you mean you don't know what to do? I, I don't know what to do right now. I don't know what to do right now. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Look, Daniel, we gotta, I hate to leave you right now because you don't have anybody else, but we gotta, I don't know what to fucking do right now.


Damn. What the fuck? The detectives then ask about his work schedule, which I think brings him to another pretty harsh reality of not only is the girl that he was falling in love with, been murdered, but the kid's mom, his, the mother of his child is gone because she's the killer. The police ask him, do you work tomorrow? Or you said you work only at night? Primarily. I work at night. I, I'm not even, how am I, how am I gonna fucking do this? Listen, you just gotta take a breath and give yourself some time. Do you have any other siblings you can call? No, I don't have anybody. Someone you can call and talk on the phone with.


No, the authorities leave him alone with his children. Now in the same town, there is another man who has a strong reaction to the news of Ashley's death as well. Her fiance is in the hospital with detectives. Today is Ashley's fiance's birthday. Ashley is dead on his birthday. He tells detectives, I don't get it. There's no reason. So the detectives don't know how much this man knows. They don't know if they, he knows that Ashley was having an affair, but pretty quickly on, you can tell that he was in the dark. He doesn't know that she was seeing a man named Daniel. I just don't get it. There's no reason why anybody would wanna do this to her.


And it was just random. I don't know why she was going out to get me a birthday cake. That's what she said. Today was my fucking birthday. She was going out to get me a birthday cake. And it just happened. You know? And we have a 7-year-old son, And. I have to go to my son and break the news. And that he explains to the authorities how eight months prior they moved back to Georgia from the Bronx in New York because his mom had passed away. She was very sick. They wanted to be with his mother who lived in Georgia. And now, eight months later, this happens. Just no reason. No reason. It doesn't make sense. He tells detectives that all of them are originally from New York.


His mom moved down to Georgia first and they came because they thought, quote New York I mean you see all the random shootings, beatings, stabbings. We thought we don't need this shit. And everything we did was just for our son. But now we come back to Georgia and deal with the same shit that we tried to leave. You know what I mean? I, I never felt safe having my child and her alone in the city in New York because of shit like this. And now we come over here, And, I, make sure we find a gated community. So we're a little more safer. They actually all live in the same community. They live in the same apartment complex, gated. It's like a massive apartment complex. Ashley and her fiance live on the other side. Daniel and Tena.


And Janine who's visiting live on the other side. Mm. And like this shit happens. So it's like we're not safe anywhere. I tried my best to give my family the best I can, the best chance possible. And it didn't. It didn't fucking work. This just blows my mind. We live in a gated community that's supposed to prevent shit like this from happening. Unwanted people in the community. And then this happens. I can't even tell you why this would happen. I have no clue. I go to work every day. All I do is work and come home. That's all I do. So, you know, if I had any slight idea of what could have caused this, but I don't even know. I don't even know. We literally both work and go home every day. That's it. She works overnight at Flo and Decor. She restocks and organizes shit and all that kind of stuff.


And I told her not to work, but she was one of those, I wanna have my own. I wanna be independent. I don't want you doing everything For us And I told her, but you don't have to work. I don't care that you don't help me. I'm the man of the house. We have a child together, I wanna provide for you guys. But she was real persistent. She was like, no, I wanna help. I didn't like her working though, especially overnight. But I was just trying to comfort her and let her know that everything's gonna be okay. You're gonna be fine. I was walking her through that. Everything the doctor had told me, I told her, okay, so you got a little bleeding. They said they're gonna check it out. Let's see if they can fix it here. I'm trying to reassure her. Everything is good, everything is good.


Wait, what does he know so far? He believes that she was randomly attacked. And I is, is she still currently alive? She's Dead now. Does he know that? He knows she's passed, but he has no idea that she was not randomly attacked, he thinks was this was a random attack I see. In the gated neighborhood. Oh, And the police I mean it does seem like they feel a little bit more awkward about the situation. 'cause I think they know, but I don't think that they have confirmation of the affair. So these are dete different detectives right? From the one that are talking to Antoinette, Janine and Daniel. Mm. So they, they're not confirmed that there was a relationship involved, so they can't tell him that yet.


Right. So just to be clear, just from your understanding, this looks like a random beating for no reason. From what she told me, yes. She said she doesn't know who these girls are. She said she walked out of the building, saw these two girls roaming around and they look suspicious. They look like they were up to no good. And they see her, they see Ashley, they approach her and start swinging right up, you know, get up on her without saying anything. So I don't know. I feel like I'm to blame because she was leaving to get my birthday cake. I'm just glad my son wasn't with her. The police try to ask a bit more about their personal lives and her fiance responds.


I mean. The past few days I've been accusing her of cheating on me because of, you know, like she accused me of cheating on her. And I accused her of cheating on me. But for some reason, I don't know, previously in our 10 years together, previously I did fuck up and cheat. In New York or? Yeah, in New York. So nothing here. You haven't done anything here? No, nothing here ever since that day. You know, she's always gotcha. But we were always, we always got over it. We knew it was petty. We liked to get in under each other's skin. We've been together for so long. Like for my girl Ashley, if like some girl smiles at me, right? She's like, oh, what was that about? She gets extremely jealous. But we spent the last few days rekindling And.


I was apologizing for all this bullshit because at the end of the day, family has everything he says, I can't even comprehend it. I don't get it. I still don't get it. I have no clue why this happened. And that's just what's killing me. When she told me one of the girls bit her on the face, I'm like, that sounds pretty personal. Somebody just doesn't bite somebody for nothing. You know? I just want her back. She's been with me for 10 years. We've been together for 10 years. We've known each other since fucking the eighth grade. I had a crush on her since the eighth grade. Today is my birthday. Eight days from today is our 10 year anniversary. We had plans. I already reserved a restaurant for our anniversary. We had plans for Christmas.


We had so many plans. I mean she's not that kind of woman that would back down from anybody. And that's just one thing that I really hated about her because I kind of need peace. You know? I want her safe. But that's just her mentality. We're from the Bronx. It's pretty depressing when the police leave him in the small little hospital room. So during the whole questioning with the police, he stays a little emotionless. There are times where he breaks down and the police will pull him back and redirect the question. I don't think they want him to get too emotional 'cause they need answers. So they keep redirecting the questions and he keeps having these moments where he needs to collect himself.


But overall, he's able to hold it together very well until they leave that hospital room. And on the body cam, you can hear him instantly break down into just hysterical sobs. They don't tell him though. They don't tell him that she knew those girls. They don't tell him that there might be someone else in the picture, or at least not in this moment. Antoinette and Janine are told right before being brought into the police station, and like I said from earlier this episode, their reaction is very mild. Antoinette's first thought was how she's been having a hard time and Janine in the police station, she thinks this is all hilarious.


Meanwhile, the detectives are from both sides from the hospital and now the detectives that are in the police station talking to Anton and Janine, they're trying to get the full picture of what's been going on. Earlier that day, Ashley and her fiance had walked into an emergency room. The nurses at the emergency room are talking to each other about how to handle this new patient because Ashley's injuries and what she's saying happened, none of them really makes sense. The nurses see these large blotches all over her face, head, upper torso, I mean these are some pretty bad bruises. Her entire face is swollen, puffy. She has bite marks on her body, her face, her legs, her back. She clearly has a black eye.


She looks what appears to be bite marks on her cheek, scrape marks all over her shoulders like she was dragged. Like somebody dragged her shoulders onto the concrete outside. Her elbows are completely scraped up. Her knees are bleeding. Other notes on her medical chart include possible collapsed lung patient in need of a CT scan, evidence of a lacerated liver, liver. There's not much explanation on how she got these injuries that don't include Severe abuse. At least none that the nurses can think of. They ask the man that she's come into the emergency room with her fiance and he explains to her that he was at work when she called him stating that she just got jumped.


She got jumped and it all happened so fast. She didn't even have a chance to do anything. It was just they ganged up on her and she doesn't know why. He was rightfully so concerned for her that he, Lisa comes home, she's on the bed just gasping for air, saying she can't breathe. She can't breathe, she can't breathe. He keeps asking her what happened? Like what? What do you mean you just got jumped? What happened? She's trying to explain to him what happened, but she can't even finish her sentence without stopping. Hold on. I can't breathe. I can't breathe. She does have a preexisting heart condition. So it could be that he gets her dressed, rushes her to the emergency room, but as they're leaving, she's throwing up it's red blood the entire time in the car.


He keeps telling her, trying to comfort her. It's all right. It's all right. We're almost there. That's what he explains to the nurses, which only gives them more confirmation. Yeah, we gotta call the police. Hmm, this is weird. Did they think it was him at the hospital? They might have because it's just weird. The whole thing. None of this makes sense. They Called the police because they feel like there was something a lot darker Here. Yes, either it could be him, which is a natural thought until you feel realize what happened. Right. It could have been somebody else or those two girls that randomly jumped her. They still need to get arrested. Right, right, right. Because you can't just randomly jump somebody. That's crazy. Yeah. So they call the police, but it's very tricky when the patient does not want the police involved.


In fact, she tells the officers on the phone, she doesn't even know why the nurses called them in the first place. She says it's fine. The situation is just weird, but she doesn't wanna press charges. It's not that big of a deal. She's just waiting for a taxi. This is what she tells the police. She was waiting for a taxi when these two women walk up towards her behaving suspiciously and they start whispering to each other and the only thing that she hears them say is, yeah, she matches the description and they just start jumping her, beating her. She said she doesn't know who they are, why they randomly attacked her. They probably mistook her for somebody else, is her best guess. But obviously the police don't really believe her.


In fact, they have several reports that indicate that this was a very personal attack. The police just try to verify with her. But once again, you don't want the police involved. You don't want anything documented. You just wanna go about your way. Correct. Well, I really hope you feel better and if you have any more questions for me, just call the police department back and ask for Officer King. She's not gonna get the chance to because after the CT scans, the doctors realize her injuries are so much worse than they thought. She has extensive blunt force trauma to the head, which has led to hemorrhaging in the brain. She ends up passing away. Her cause of death is listed as generalized trauma.


Her manner of death is homicide. Clearly Antonette and Janine did something to her, but exactly what, just three hours prior before her passing a call comes into nine one one from a leasing agent at the apartment complex. Preston Hills Apartments, the leasing agent is on the phone with nine one one and she's almost live updating the operator on what's going on at the apartment complex right now. First she's explaining, she's driving into work and in the parking lot, in the distance, like on the back road, back road of this apartment complex, she sees what looks like a big dog on the ground or something. I don't know, it looked like a pet. But as she drives closer, she sees, oh, it's not a pet.


It's two girls on the ground fighting. It's a bunch of people fighting. It does not look like standing around and arguing either. They're on the ground, the concrete, they're kicking, slamming, punching, they're down on the ground and naturally the leasing agent has zero intention of getting out of the car. But she's still brave. She's rolling by in her car, these three people fighting and she tells them to stop. Stop the fight. One of them looks up at her pauses and goes back to slamming down. The other girl's head onto the cold concrete onto the pavement. The leasing agent drives to our office immediately calls 9 1 1, and she remembers seeing one person sitting on top of Ashley. At this point, Ashley is forced to lay on her stomach on the cold concrete floor.


Somebody is sitting on top of her, holding her down onto the ground while simultaneously punching her, slamming her head around, physically grabbing at her head, pulling it around, punching it. Just so much is happening and the third person is standing next to the two and it looks like she's recording on their phone. And then she'll randomly go in and just kick Ashley while she's down on the ground and then go back to recording. The leasing agent tells the operator they're jumping her I mean. It's so clear this girl Ashley is not fighting back. She's down. She's a small girl, they're jumping her. And she also hears one of them scream, I will murder you. I will murder you. She can see them through the leasing office window and when they finally get up, she can see that one of the girls, Ashley has this giant red splotch on her head.


She could tell it's blood, she's bleeding. There looks to be a tiny bit of blood on one of the offending parties, the one that's beating her. But it's hard to say for certain if it's Ashley's blood or she's also injured. But then something very strange happens. They're no longer fighting. All three of them get up and now they're walking towards an apartment unit together. Nobody's getting dragged. I mean nobody seems happy, but they're just walking back to the apartment now. The police later pieced together that after Antoinette and Janine lure Ashley out to their side of the neighborhood pretending to be Daniel, texting Ashley on Daniel's phone while Daniel is asleep, acting like he's gonna meet her outside.


They come tackle her to the ground, attack her, and when they decide they've gotten all their sick anger out, they grab Ashley's phone and threaten to call her fiance using her phone. They start walking back to Daniel's apartment with Ashley's phone and they lock her outside. Ashley is standing outside Daniel's door screaming, banging on the door like, I'm not leaving until I get my phone back. That is when Daniel wakes up. Janine would even later say that Antoinette actually helped Daniel wake up and said, Hey, the love of your life is outside. Basically like your side bitch is outside is kind of how she describes it. He better get the door. Eventually Daniel gets Ashley, her phone back and she leaves.


And not long after that she arrives at the hospital and the police show up to their unit to question them. At this point, because the leasing agent had called about this fight, Ashley is not deceased yet at this point. She's at the hospital. The police are in Daniel's apartment and they're trying to investigate what this altercation was about. An annetta opens the door and she starts walking out towards the officers and she's ready to tell them everything. Annetta has a very good explanation for why she beat up Ashley. She states that Ashley had come here looking for her man. She was banging on the door, telling her to open it so that they could fight some more. Annetta is ranting to the officers. This girl, she came to my house, she's been sleeping with my fiance.


She works over there. She's his manager and she keeps forcing him to have sex with her after he cut it off or she's gonna fire him. We ended up fighting right there because she approached my home. This is my home. She lives all the way over there. The officers point at Daniel. And this is your fiance? Yes, my fiance. I've known him for five years. Okay. We moved here together from up north. He's worked at Flo and Decor. He's been sleeping with his manager and that's who was here. Yes, he's been sleeping with his manager and I've been feeling it for some time now. Yesterday I'm walking to QuickTrip, the gas station. I see them walking together and you're a woman.


You know your intuition. I know that's the girl. I've seen her. We argued yesterday. He broke it up. It was fine. And this morning now she's calling, calling, texting, texting, texting, saying that she's gonna be coming here. So I waited for her and then I fought her because I'm just enraged now. I'm very heartbroken. You see, I started packing my stuff yesterday. Nothing is even in bags because I'm just mentally out of it right now because this is a person that I wanted to grow old with. This is the person that I wanted to share my life with. And. I feel dirty. I feel disgusting. I feel heartbroken. And. I feel stupid. But I'm okay right now. I'm not gonna go out hating anybody, hitting anybody. I'm not a menace to society. I'm just very heartbroken that the person I love has been doing this to me.


This is all on camera? Yes. They break another rule, which is do not lie to the authorities. So these girls, they just be breaking all the rules on what not to do with the police. The police asked the two girls, so did y'all come to meet up so y'all could fight or? Nope. She came here to meet with him and then I caught her. And. I beat her up. She's actually cheating on her family too. Go figure. You know, husband and kids. I hope her husband finds the hell out because why do I have to be the only one in shambles in my life? Is that y'all's kid together? The officer is pointing at the kid, presumably watching TV in the apartment.


So most of the footage is blurred because there are children in the background. Yes. Beautiful. Right. Who would wanna lose a family like that? Who would want to? Beautiful kid. I hope you guys understand. I'm not crazy. I'm really peaceful. I'm just heartbroken. You know, I'm just very heartbroken. You know, I never thought I would have to deal with this. Never in my life. You know, at one point the officers asked them to describe what Ashley looks like and Annetta tells officers Hispanic black hair with highlights messed up teeth, a big jaw, don't know what he sees in her and weight, just like estimate. Well, like 80 pounds. I hope she's not on drugs.


I hope I didn't catch anything, Lord God. 'cause I guess some people lose a lot of weight when they're on drugs, which there's no indication that Ashley was on drugs. Another quick tip that I feel like a lot of criminal defense attorneys would give, not that I am one, but just in general life tip that gets broken multiple times by both Annetta and Janine is do not advertise any characteristics in yourself that might be connected to criminal behavior. For example, to say things like, I'm really sneaky, I'm super secretive, I'm good at hiding stuff. Probably not something to advertise to the authorities. At one point Anton tells officers I'm a pretty good fighter to emphasize how she does not have as many injuries as Ashley does because she's a pretty good fighter.


What another advisory would be do not verbalize intent to commit further crimes. But Anton tells the officer straight up, it would be bad for her to come back over here. I mean If you guys want me to call her, I'll call her. You know, I handle the situation, but I'm not just gonna go looking for her. Just to let you guys know, I'm not gonna go on a manhunt for her. I don't care. I already handled my business. Do you want anything done to her? Nope. Nope. I think she's got enough, you know? Well, she's gotta learn to fight. If you're gonna cheat on somebody, you gotta learn how to fight. You know what I'm saying? Like know your side as a mistress. If she comes back here, I will call you guys and if she doesn't leave then I'm just gonna beat her up again.


I'm just letting you guys know near the end of the initial conversation with the authorities an annetta jokes. I wish you guys could just take me away for the week. I really need a break from this house. And the officer pauses and responds, be careful what you wish for. Seriously be careful what you wish for because I know you say you wanna weak weekend away from your family in the house, but when it comes down to it, you'll probably have a quick change of heart. Wow. So this is before Ashley passed away? Yes. So everyone's is still just investigating as like a little fight? Yes. It's like a violent altercation. And if it's hard, it seems like all parties could technically be charged, but if it's mutual it's, It's hard to Like, yeah, it seems like most likely at this point, the police, their verbiage and the way that they're responding to the situation is if all parties wanna drop it, they'll just drop it.


Yeah. They're not gonna arrest anybody. Right. Is the vibe that they're giving. Right. So they're coming back later after the hospital. They come back after the hospital confirms that Ashley is dead The same day or The same night. Yeah. So the, the fight happened early in the morning and they come back at night because now it's, it's a big crime. It's a big deal. This is why a lot of people say there is the whole one punch thing. Punching someone anywhere is bad. Punching someone anywhere in the head. You just cannot predict how one punch can literally kill somebody. And when that happens, it's, it's murder. Like you're not, you can't say, oh, I didn't know it was gonna kill them.


Once the authorities come back after Ashley's death, now this is when they go through Daniel's phone and they're trying to really piece together how mutual this alleged altercation was. Was it really that Ashley was coming to meet Daniel and maybe she was trying to fight Antoinette first? 'cause that's how Antoinette is making it seem from earlier that day. But when they go through Daniel's phone, he is confirming to them that absolutely. These are not his text messages that he sent to Ashley. When did they tell Antoinette? At night. Okay. Did you see that part? Like when it was Yes. That was in the beginning of the episode. She's in the doorway that night and they say she died and she just goes, oh, I'm so Sorry to hear that.


That was not my intention. I'm just going through a really hard time right now. I have bipolar depression. Yeah. Wow. Okay. So Daniel is showing the authorities the phone, showing the messages, the text read from Ashley and this, this seems like from Ashley and Daniel at this point. Ashley responds. That's all I have to give, which is me no more, no less. I don't have it in me to be pretending to be something or someone else. Daniel responds, thank you for being you. I can't wait to see you. Beautiful. Me too. Go to bed, darling. Your ass has been through enough for the day, even though I don't wanna stop talking to you, but you need to relax a bit. The messages stop and later.


And Tena messages. Ashley pretending to be Daniel. Where are you at? I need to see you. LOL. I'm in bed. I want you here so bad. Meet me, please. I'm going through it. I got kicked out. Are you serious? All right, let me put on something real quick. All right, I'm outside. Ashley responds. Okay. I'm about to come out. How long right now. I'm grabbing my keys. I'm downstairs. So they're coordinating where? In the apartment complex. She's walking and she's responding. Things like, okay, meet me in the back. Okay, we're meeting here, but it's not Daniel meeting Ashley because he's asleep. It's Anton and Janine. This is morning. This is morning.


He was still asleep. While they're outside assaulting Ashley. He was still asleep while they were outside assaulting Ashley. And it wasn't until they came back with Ashley's phone that Ashley is banging on the door. Antonette is waking Daniel up with Ashley's phone. Like, I have your girlfriend's phone. Ha ha, she's outside. I just beat her up. Daniel remembers opening the door, being shocked because it was clear that Ashley was quote unquote fucked up. She did not look good. He could tell that she was beaten severely. He closes the door and he said he was in a state of shock. He just turns to Antoin and starts screaming at her. What the fuck is wrong with you? It was never that serious. Like between you and me, Antoin.


Ashley continues knocking on the door. She's trying to explain, listen, I don't care. I just want my phone back. Like, you can do whatever you want. I don't care. Gimme my phone back. Annetta throws the phone at the wall. Daniel goes to grab it, opens the door, hands it to Ashley, and he turns around at this point just to, I guess, scream at Antoinette and Janine and he keeps screaming. I told you like the love interest is gone. I told you all of this. Like, what do you mean? I told you this yesterday when you saw us walking to QT together. So what are we doing here At this point? Ashley leaves to go back to her apartment where she lays on the bed to call her fiance to come home because she's not feeling well. And she just got randomly jumped.


Daniel's in this huge argument with everybody else. And the police keep stopping by nonstop. So it's like the whole day, they're just all arguing. The worst part of all of this is when the authorities finally find out that Ashley has passed. They take all of their phones, they see the text messages that Antoinette has sent from Daniel's phone, but worse than that is they find on Janine's phone footage of the fight, they see Antoaneta having Daniel's phone outside the apartment, hiding behind Bush's coordinating texting Ashley. They're hiding, making sure that Ashley doesn't see them. Otherwise she could just turn around and walk the other way. Janine asks Antonette, what if she sees us and she walks away? Well, she can't get away because I'm gonna run up after her and beat her up.


They run towards the back of the building and when they see Ashley, they come out. Janine is following behind. Antoaneta recording and Annetta confronts Ashley. So guess what, bitch? That was me. And immediately tackles Ashley to the ground while Janine is egging her on screaming. Yeah. Yeah. Side bitch. Side. Ho Antoaneta is holding her down on the concrete while punching her in the head. Janine is calling Ashley ugly while Antoin continues beating her. Ashley calls Anton fucking crazy and Janine thinks it's a good thing. Like she's trying to hype Antonin up. Ashley keeps telling her, get the fuck off of me. Get the fuck off of me. You think I'm scared of you. Antoin is screaming.


You're gonna get your ass beat. You ready to die over a dick. Which she responds, I'm not dying over no dick. And she responds. Yeah, you are. Anjanetta starts punching her head repeatedly and Ashley keeps telling her to get off, but she won't. She keeps screaming at Ashley, do you wanna get fucked up? I'm gonna fuck. Fuck you up. Say hi to Daniel. You know he said I could come out here and fuck you up. Right? You know that, right? He's in the house with our son, bitch. He said that I could fuck you up. That's what we do. If I get mad and I'm leaving, he feels sad and says I can fuck her up. So that's what I'm doing. I'm fucking you up. Well, Antoinette is holding her down. The leasing agent drives by, but she's not able to stop them from fighting.


She drives off and calls 9 1 1. While Anto is threatening, you're his manager, right? I'm gonna get you fired. That's a conflict of interest. You are fucking my N word. While he's on the clock fucking my trying to ruin his family. Bitch. Antoinette starts swinging her around by her hair, slamming her onto the ground, screaming. Are you fucking kidding me? I will murder you. I will murder you. I will fucking murder you. I will do fucking worse to you. He doesn't care for you to get your ass beat. He let me do this. He let me. You're gonna get fucking fired. You're gonna get fucking fired. Antonette continues to punch her over and over and then asks, you want some of this, Janine? She responds.


Yeah, I fucking do. And she puts the phone down or it seems like she's holding the phone so it's pointing towards the sky. 'cause she's, she goes in to kick Ashley in the back multiple times. And Ashley is very small. Antonette is still on her violent monologue. You messed with a crazy ass bitch. And he knows I'm crazy. You are looking dumb. Bitch. Go home. Ashley asks for her phone back. At this point, they take her phone, but Anton tells her, you ready to die for this phone? 'cause you're gonna have to die for this phone if you want it back. She threatens to jump her. If she wants her phone back, she's getting jumped. You want the phone? Fight both our asses.


We will fuck you up. You're a proud side hug. Get the fuck outta my face. You're jumping both of us for your phone. I don't care if you're done. Go away. Report it's stolen, bitch. Go get outta my face. You're not getting your phone. Fucking lying ass bitch. No, you're getting jumped all up in my fucking business. Proud side hoe. Proud side hoe. Why would you walk over here to my house? Fucking dummy. You want it? You're gonna get jumped for it. Point blank period. You really fucked up. He let me come out here and whoop your ass. You are getting fired, bitch. I'm calling your corporate saying you're abusing your employees and fucking them and holding it against them. I'm calling the corporate office tomorrow. Come to my doorstep and you're gonna get your ass beat again. And the sisters are recording all of it?


Yes. Wow. Yeah. While Ashley is hospitalized after this. So they go back to the apartment. Daniel wakes up, gives Ashley her phone back while she's hospitalized. Daniel is desperately trying to get in contact with her texting. Can I see you? The cops are here. You, you want me to tell them what happened? And she said, no, I'm good. Leave me alone. Please talk to me. My face is all fucked up. And. I can't breathe. Fuck texting. Can you please just talk to me? Can I? Can I get you please? Why was it a whole setup? He responds. Can you pick up from me? I don't wanna call you and seem like I'm harassing you. Please pick up. She responds. I don't really wanna talk right now.


Ashley, can I see you please? I can't breathe and my heart is skipping a beat. I'm, I'm on foot to urgent care. Bye. No way, please. Your fucking sister kicked me in the back by my heart and chest. I was good till she did that. So a lot of people question why Janine was also charged with murder. And it's likely because of this text message and the footage of her kicking her. Oh my Gosh. She say, I was good until your sister kicked me from the back. Yes, Ashley. I really With all my good intentions. Wanna see you and check on you. I feel sad. And. I can't believe your face and body has hurt. Talk to me or let me see you. Fuck. I'm sorry. It hurts to see you like this. Please.


She does not respond. Janine does not know that the police have the video on her phone. Nor does she know that Ashley texted Daniel, her brother, all of this. She doesn't know any of this. Instead, Janine thinks she and the officers are buddy-buddy. She thinks they're friends. She has no clue that her beyond idiotic, strange behavior is gonna be the reason she goes viral. At one point, the authorities, I guess in an attempt to build rapport, they asked Janine, you seem kinda athletic. Did you play sports when you were in school? No. No, no, no, no. Oh, okay. Janine's giggling. Do I? Do I really look athletic? Yeah, you look athletic. The male detective says you got some shoulders on you.


To which Janine laughs and covers her face with her hands. And then she keeps moving her hair around. Now why would you just do that? Why would you do that? You don't know if I'm insecure about these shoulders. Oh, I will apologize if you are. It's just she, she genuinely thinks they're all friends having a blast. They're a little, you know, they're a little thick. They're fine. So what happened in the fight? Did Ashley hurt you? Do I see some scratch marks on your neck? Do I have some scratch marks? No, no, no. It wasn't jumping. Oh, I see. Will you tell us a little bit about what happened? Like how did it happen? Oh, it was very vivid. It just happened so fast. You know, fights are like a blur when it happens typically.


But where was Ashley? I know you said earlier that she came looking for your brother. She came because he was moving. He was getting kicked out and she wanted to be a little rider. When she knows she's a side chick and she's got a husband at home like girl, she knows she's breaking up a happy home. How did you make contact with her? Through messages. Like, you know, we seen her. Where did you guys meet up? She lives in our complex. I guess she lives like right near us. Like I think there's like two sides of the complex. You know that hill. It goes around and then like it goes up and around. But there's another complex that looks just like the same. So did she just knock on the door at first or you guys just saw her outside? Outside? She didn't knock. She didn't get the chance to 'cause like, oh yeah, you got that bitch coming around.


I'm about to be around. So, yeah, you know, it wasn't really like, bitch, it was just like, yeah, you came to see my, you know who it was. 'cause she got ready to, you know, it's just fighting. It was just fighting. Who is fighting the girl in Antoinette? The detective is very quick on her feet. She's been the whole Detective Carter is the way that her cadence mirrors Janine. And she asks everybody, nah, no, no, no girl, you didn't get in on it. Nah, of course you did. I know you did. Okay, fine. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. No freaking way. Because you told me that's your home girl. Antonette is your home girl. You know? So tell us about that. How did that happen?


I didn't go crazy though. 'cause she's small as hell. Like you're enough already. I don't need to be punching her, dragging her. I don't need to do all of that. I'm good. I get my little hidden and then that's it. Where did you get in at though? I don't know. I I mean, I know I hit her though. Like in the beginning she got on the floor And, I kind of like dragged her just a little bit. And then I stopped. I was like, okay, let me stop, let me stop. And then they're just like fighting and yeah, just a little hit. I didn't really fight her though. 'cause that's just crazy. So how did you get her phone? She had her phone in her hand. I don't know who posts up with her phone in her hand. If I'm about to fight, I'm dropping everything.


I'm telling you that right now. And maybe don't tell them that right now. Yeah, but it was like on the floor. She was like, grab the phone. And I grabbed it when she was talking all that shit while getting beat up. Like how did that make you feel with the stuff that she was saying? I don't care. She was like, I don't look, I don't, I don't get bothered by people who talk shit like, you really gotta, you really gotta do something to me. But she was talking about your brother though. Yeah, And I was like, so, so you weren't mad. I can't be that mad now. Come on. She knew what it was. You know you're gonna talk shit regardless. It's a fight. What do you expect? It's a fight.


I'm just like, I've been in multiple fights. They all talk shit after they bring it, you know? So yeah, I wasn't really getting angry. I was chill. So Daniel was sleeping the whole time. Annetta woke him up when we knew Ashley was coming. Then he was like, and then we was like, yeah, she's about to get beat the fuck up because now you know you're getting kicked out and she thinks it's okay to come and save you. Like who is she? You haven't even been together for that long. Like that was weird. So yeah, that's where it really started. That's her demeanor. There is some very strange moments in the whole interrogation with the police while waiting for the interrogation. like I said, she's sitting there listening to music on her AirPod. They took her phone so she doesn't have her phone, but she's putting in her AirPod and it's still connected to the music.


I guess she was previously listening to What they took away the phone. But the music is still going. Yes. And she's singing along to her playlist, which I don't know if this is a normal thing, but in this setting it just feels very dumb. Like she's singing and then she'll start yawning. Truly no clue how serious this is about to get. Then she starts full on just bopping to the music for 20 minutes straight. She's using finger guns to sing along to hotline bling. Yeah. Wow. She's shaking her head from side to side. She's yawning later when they tell her she's going to jail for murder, they have to take photos of her and she starts posing. She's like popping out her hip, almost like, you know those cheerleader photos that you have in high school?


And the detective literally calls her out on it. She's giggling and she's like, are you posing right now? And they're laughing and she's like, okay, okay. Let me stop. You're making me nervous. You're making me nervous. Wait, so detectives still playing along? Yes. The cops are still playing along. Yes. They're like, this is the dumbest thing I ever seen, but I'm gonna play along. Yeah. Even when the officer has to take a picture of her feet, Janine smiles and tries to cover them going go, because she's like, her toes are out. Why? Even when they take pictures of her back, she says she has bad back knee and she seems embarrassed, which Sure. Okay. But you should be more embarrassed about the murder charge.


After the detective tells her that she's charged with murder, they leave her alone in the interrogation room and she starts whispering and talking to herself, repeating things like, what the fuck, what the fuck? What the fuck? She'll randomly start laughing and saying things like, what the fuck? I just can't see myself in jail. Like this don't seem real. That's so strange. Yeah. Even when she's being handcuffed, she takes off her bracelets, puts them in the baggie, telling officers that her bracelets were handmade in Africa. And worse though is she's being turned around to be handcuffed and she says, oh my God. Oh my God, this is crazy.


In a very bizarre, creepy moment. In Janine's interrogation, she looks at the officers and says, that shit's crazy. But like, do you know how she died? Like, like the injuries of her death? Like was it her heart? They have to do an autopsy, but it was a result of the injuries she sustained during the fight. That shit is crazy. How does that make you feel? That shit makes me feel like I'm gonna hell. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah, that's like, that's really crazy. I'm not gonna lie. Life is crazy.


And the officers egg her on. Yeah. And she's not a big girl. No she isn't. That's why I didn't wanna fight her. She's too small. I looked at her And. I'm just like, how old are you? She told me she was 30 and I'm like, you're really small for your age to be 30. She looked sick. Skinny. So they plead guilty. They try to get a plea deal. And the worst part is before the sentencing, a fellow cellmate of Antonette and Janine goes to the police officers and reports that they are scared. Janine and Anton are scared at the prospect of getting life in prison for their literal actions that they're allegedly colluding in jail about pinning the entire thing on the victim's fiance, Ashley's fiance.


They're trying to say that after Ashley went home, her fiance found out that she got beaten up by her. I guess the person she's having an affair with and he allegedly finished the job is the the new story that they're trying to spin. That he's the one that caused the final harm that killed her, perhaps her. He further injured her at home to make sure that she wouldn't make it. Or maybe he prolonged her getting medical attention and took a long time to take her to the emergency room. She says they're basically putting this on the victim's husband, that he did something that possibly caused the injuries and then argue that there was a failure to like give proper medical care in a timely manner. They're gonna argue that there were errors that were made that could have saved her life.


That it wasn't the fight with the girls that ended her life. It was a lack of adequate care in a certain time. You know? Yeah. How are they still like be able to talk like this in the prison? Right. They asked her the inmate that rats them out to send messages between. That's why she knows all of this. So with that, the girls are sentenced to 20 years in prison because they pled guilty. Wow. So they both each got 20. Yeah. The comments, Reid, the police interview with the sister was disturbing. She thought she was being all cute.


Both women are despicable and I'm glad they're being held accountable. When they told Daniel Ashley died, my heart sank. He looked genuinely distraught. Another Reids. The sister is truly delusional. She is detached from reality. She's literally talking to the detectives as if she's gossiping at a teenage sleepover and other reads. I think the sister was dropped on her head as a child. She thought she was gossiping with her besties. Another reads, the sister's every lawyer's nightmare. LOL. A clear example of lights are on but nobody's home. Another Janine needs to be locked up forever. She lacks all sense of normal human behavior. Everything is funny. Murder. I just pulled her hair a little followed by giggles. The sister is not wired correctly and it's very scary.


Some people say, I don't understand these types of people. Emotional intelligence is at a negative fighting everyone except her man that could clearly do without her kids that they clearly do not value and will never see again. And what the fuck is wrong with the sister? She knows the woman is dead at that point when she's in the interrogation room, instead of crying and shitting bricks, she's laughing and giggling animals. Another comment reads, Annetta killed another woman over a man that will move on when she's in prison. Another points out how Anton reacts to hearing that Ashley is dead. I'm sorry, that wasn't my intention, girl. That's something you say when you accidentally bleach a shirt or something. A life was taken. Others point out the fact that she said, I'm sorry, that wasn't my intention.


I'm just going through a lot right now. I have bipolar depression. A comment reads, I have bipolar depression. Girl. So do a lot of people, but you don't see them murdering people out of jealousy. Another points out what Annetta said prior to that she was making my fiance sleep with her. No, your fiance was cheating on you. You beat a woman to death. Another comment read. She killed that woman over a man that didn't even want her. Shaking my head, Anton, I wasn't gonna kill anybody. Also Antonette in the video recording, I will murder you. Right? Another quote, she's dead. I'm so sorry about that. I've just been going through a lot. What the fuck? But there are some people who defend the girls.


Someone comments. I feel bad because it's, it's not like they knew she was gonna pass away from a fight. Yeah. But most people I think are on the path of quote, you are in prison now. Your cheating man is free. Your child is without a mother. The other mother is dead. Yeah. You surely thought this one through. Another comment just reads, I feel very sad for the boyfriend of the deceased woman to find out you're being cheated. On the same time you find out your partner passed And. I feel very sad for all the children involved. So with that, they are both going to serve 20 years for voluntary manslaughter and robbery by force.


Their maximum release date is August, 2042. They may potentially get out sooner than that to which one that is in comments. I can't believe they only got 20 years. It was premeditated. They lured her, they beat her and killed her. Premeditated. They should have gotten life. What are your thoughts on this one? Let me know in the comments. Please be safe. And I will see you in the next one.