
Ramble, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall. For generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety. And efficiency, each innovation, a commitment to progress. And With, a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma And heavy duty half ton tundra. You can experience the legacy of Toyota For yourself Visit. Buy a Toyota dot com. The official website For deals to find out more. Toyota let's s go places.


What pairs best With your favorite fall desserts. A seasonal teeth cleaning at 10. Dental. Now's the time to use your insurance benefits. Treat yourself to a free cleaning Tend. Dental offers easy online booking, And soothing studios throughout the DC Metro area. A cleaning covered by insurance. That's something to smile about. Go to Hello tend.com/dc podcast. That's hello, EN d.com/dc podcast to book today,


Baring Baraboo For. Three days in September, there is this event where the wealthiest people, they just fly in from all over the world to throw $2 billion into the water And. Just hope it floats. Cross your fingers. Welcome to the annual Monaco Yacht Show, but it's not just yachts being sold here. There's helicopters, personal submarines, luxury vehicles, whatever you're looking, For, they have it. The average yacht price sold during the show is on average $30 million per boat, which even the 15 to $20 million, that's considered affordable. That's considered a budget boat. To get the super yachts, you are looking at nine figures plus And.


They're all lined up at the dock, For you to view. Some of them have helicopters that are parked on the helipad, on the yacht. Others have these indoor pools 'cause you're floating in the water, but you don't wanna go into the water. You wanna go into the water on your yacht. And, they have these Greek statues just squirting water into the pool. They have libraries onboard gardens, For, billionaires to relax. Some yachts even have their own wellness centers. There's a hyperbaric chamber that's like a new trendy version of what's on a yacht these days. It's just when you need a lot more oxygen than what's in the air. You go into this one, And, get pure oxygen. There's medical suites. There's mini yachts that you can view.


The mini yachts. They're not really For you to yacht around. Okay? Those mini yachts follow your main yacht And. They're basically U-Haul. They have storage compartments, For, jet skis. Or if you've got that uncle that just insist on coming, they go sleep on that little floating guest house. All the water toys are there too. Did you know jet skis? Top of the line? You're looking at at least $25,000 per jet ski or personal submarines. I didn't even know that you could get a personal submarine. The entry level ones start at just a million dollars. Wow. That's not even the luxury ones. You're probably sitting on the floor of the sub, but what's a million dollars when you have a hundred million dollars boat? Every single detail on a super yacht is custom made drawer pulls, For, the nightstand, custom made coffee machines lined.


With quilted leather vendors are pouring champagne at the Monaco boat Show trying to convince you yes, I mean. What else are you gonna do? With, $75 million instead of getting this vessel. Where do you summer? You need a yacht, but even in a sea full of yachts, there are a few yachts that stand out as world class boats. The Rob Report 2022 has awarded this one, a particular award of best of the best in the Motor Yacht over 80 meters category. It's a yacht called the Victorious, a luxury super yacht built in 2021. It's designed by Michael Leach Design. If you guys know anything about boats, he is like one of the most highly regarded firms in the uk.


They're a leading player in luxury yacht design. If you care about every little stitch on your custom made furniture on the yacht, you call Michael Leach design. They're meticulous. They might not even take your project. They only work on two to three yachts simultaneously. That's it. The victorious collaborated With, Michael Leach design, And H two yacht designs to make one of the best yachts in the world. It is a hundred And, $17 million floating vessel that is nearly 300 feet long. And sleeps 12 guests across six state rooms. But at most of your throwing a party, you can have 24 guests, And 30 crew on board at once.


But if you're like, wait, I don't really have a hundred And, $17 million, you can charter it For $950,000 a week. A million dollars a week, A million dollars a week. During the winter seasons. The summer seasons are actually cheaper at $800,000 a week. Summer is cheaper Because winter people wanna go to the tropical climates. On a yacht summer, you can go to Nantucket, the Hamptons. Wow, that is very fascinating. The vessel will cruise. The Caribbeans And, The Bahamas And. During the summers. It just glides through the Mediterranean. It is an entertainer's dream on board. You've got a large beach club, a wellness center.


It has Woodburn fireplaces. One yacht company said, when billionaires get on yachts of this magnitude, their jaws still drop at the luxury. It's much nicer than a five six star hotel. I mean it's crazy. It's a boat. You walk on board, there's uniform staff waiting to hand you a warm towel, likely scented With, a delicate eucalyptus blend. And, when you're back from your jet ski adventure. There's staff members that provide yoga classes on the deck. Sunscreen required And by sunset. You walk over to the dining area where you have fresh food laid out by the team And. Then finally, you've laid down on the velvety chairs, And the cinema while your hair is still crunchy. With salt water to decompress.


That's what's supposed to happen when you charter the victorious For. A million dollars a week. Grace is a 25-year-old woman on board as crew For the yacht victorious. They had just received news that the yacht was successfully chartered. For, the winter And. They're gonna hit the water. This is not just a regular rich family. That's what Grace is told. They're debriefed And. They are told this is a very rich, very famous family. I mean the crew. They're used to working With wealthy individuals. And being discreet is very important, but they've never worked. With an a-list celebrity before. So before heading into the water, the crew, they're just really excited. They wanna make sure that Diddy And, his family, have a spectacular time. I mean, let's make the holidays amazing.


For them. That's the goal. It's said that they were potentially even filming a Hulu family reality TV show, like Keeping Up With the Combs. But Grace noticed something very strange about the Es time on the yacht. She thought it was gonna be like a cute family vacation. So why is it that all the girls are coming on board? And? There's a constant rotation of strangers, And, other, a-list. Celebrities that are coming on And off board. And. Strangely, it appears that anytime a girl steps foot on this yacht, they get intoxicated after one tiny shot of alcohol. It just doesn't seem normal. People on the yacht would take one shot. And just be sprawled out on the deck unconscious.


Other women would drink one mixed drink, And. They'd be falling over themselves. They would go have a panic attack. Some of them would just pass out. Grace didn't know exactly what's going on, but she has a sneaking suspicion that the drinks were laced. With something, drugs, And. Then it happens. December 28th, 2022. She alleges in her lawsuit that she was essayed by Sean Diddy Combs son, Christian King Combs. This is what happens at Diddy's Yacht parties.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible. For Rotten Mango to support Arizona anti-trafficking network. They work constantly to bring solutions to the illegal sex And human trafficking network in the States. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team And. We would also like to thank you guys, For, your continued support. As always, full show notes are available about Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now, a big disclaimer to keep in mind. With, this case, it's currently ongoing, And developing as we speak. There have been no court verdicts yet, so unfortunately I must legally state that these are all current allegations, And accusations. People are innocent until proven guilty. Legally speaking, some statements have been shortened. For time, And. All the theories And speculations mentioned are not as in opinions that can be found publicly available online.


All reporting For. This episode is taken from information that is online, so please do your own research form your own opinions. I'm not here to convince you of anyone's guilt nor innocence. Some potentially triggering themes include heavy use of illicit substances, including date, R word, drugs, domestic violence, heavy descriptions of essay, gang violence, sex trafficking, And. This case is very heavy, so please take a break. Unplug if you need And, With. That being said, let's get into it. In part one, we did a deep dive on the lawsuit that started all of this With, Cassie, the hotel footage And. The Illuminati somehow gets involved in this part. Part two, we're gonna go in depth on the lawsuit against Christian Combs, the Son, what happens at Diddy yacht parties.


And, the very strange death of the mother of his children, Kim Porter. In part three, we will be going over the 13 people who have mysteriously died around Diddy, which is, there's a very alarming pattern of the way that he reacts. And responds in interviews to some of these deaths. It feels odd, And. Finally, in part four, we will be going through the so-called Diddy List. The internet allegations. The celebrity friends who are rumored to have been complicit, And partaking in these crazy parties, wild accusations that Diddy is a clone in prison. The baby oil is lace. There's tunnels under his house, as well as the 100 And 20 people that are working on suing him. And. Some of them have since filed suit. So With.


That being said, I will leave a pinned comment For those days that those videos will go up. And With. That being said, let's get into it. Out of nowhere, a $22 book hits Amazon's number one bestseller spot, For fictional books I, mean outselling, Sally Rooney, Hillary Clinton, Nicholas Sparks, which is unheard of, For, a debut book. Not only that, it's a pricey book. It's 59 pages For, $22 And. It's self-published ranking at the top of the bestsellers list. It's even more fascinating when you factor in the part where the entire book is littered With typos. So why the hell is everybody suddenly interested in this random book? It's titled Kim's Lost Words, A Journey For Justice From The Other Side.


At first glance, the book appears to be a memoir the way it's titled. That's the Impression Kim Porter is the late ex-girlfriend of famous musician, Sean Diddy Combs. She's the mother of four of his seven children, And. She passed away in 2018 after Cassie's lawsuit. After the Feds raid, Diddy's homes after Diddy's son released a dis trek on the world. This book is released September of 2024, just like right before his arrest. The book is described as being filled. With, quote, alleged disturbing And, graphic sexual encounters between combs, And, other celebrities. The main allegations spewed in the books are did. He had asked him, how do I say, to use an intimate object, For, his bottom And.


She refused, which resulted him allegedly beating her. That's what's in the book. There are other excerpts from the book that state that Kim witnessed Diddy having intimate relationships, With underage male stars in the industry. Another allegation that Diddy allegedly hit Kim With, a chair I mean the opening line. Chapter one. The introduction is already so salacious. Of course, it's gonna get people talking. The opening page reads about Diddy. He was so charming, a wolf And sheep's s clothing, a devil And I fell. For it. This story must be told, despite the fact that it'll hurt my children, I cannot hide it any longer. Sean Combs must be stopped. Well, so There, were other celebrities named being mentioned in there. So many, whoa.


Other salacious since gone viral. Excerpts from the book include, one day I found the Vault where Sean kept all of his encounters. With men. Yes, he kept a record of it, but that's For. Later, the book shoots its way to the top of the charts on Amazon, which is crazy. Again, considering it's filled With, these typos And some blatantly, factually incorrect information. And. It's just littered With names of like the biggest names in Hollywood. The timing of the book makes it go viral. And. It further sparks a huge debate of who's, who's to say if this is her book who even published this, because it's not Kim Porter. Kim Porter passed away in 2018. This book is released in 2024.


The book says, it's written by Jamal t Millwood, For Kim Porter. Jamal t Millwood is not the actual name of the person who published this book. That is the name associated With. This huge conspiracy decades ago, one of the biggest rappers, Tupac was murdered. But there's a conspiracy that he's not actually dead. Some people believe that he's alive somewhere, living under a fake name. And. One of those names is Jamal t Millwood. But that can't be who published it, right? Right. I mean the real author's name is Chris Todd. He describes himself as a producer, author, investigative journalist.


He states that he is the voice, For the voiceless, which I don't know, you take it as you will. He said that he basically solved JonBenet Ramsey's case, which again, I dunno. Okay? But he publishes this book stating that he didn't make this all up, that this book happened to him. He said he never personally even knew Kim Porter. He claims that he received a flash drive that belonged to Kim after her death. He received it from two people that he knows are connected to the music industry. This is what he alleges. For reasons unknown to us. He said, I believe that Flash drive. He's like, I believe it to be true. He states, on the Flash Drive, there are also quote tapes of Diddy With celebrities, And sexual situations. I don't know if he has those specifically, but he does state.


He has photos, And other evidence on the flash drive that he has not yet released. So he's just a author. He is Journalist, investigator. I mean people. Everybody has a different word. For him. Some people think he's an investigative journalist. Some people think that he's a conspiracy theorist. Some people think that he's a cash grabber. Mm. It really depends. And, he claims that someone sought him out. Yes. Even though he's not like a big time famous person. So, okay. Yeah. Which is interesting. 'cause why would you not just send it to, I don't know, the Rolling Stone now. I guess some people are alleging that they wouldn't send it to big publications because it's alleged that Diddy has a lot of the big reporters connected to him.


Now, he only received a portion of this drive, With, different writings that he said that he had to kind of piece together in a timeline that made sense to create what he believes to be a memoir. That's what he says. He does not give any more information on who those sources are. Who gave him these slash drives, how he's so sure it's real. How he fact checked it. He just says, they said they had her flash drive. I didn't ask too many questions about how they got it or where it came from. If somebody put my feet to the fire, And said, life or death. Is that book real? I have to say, I don't know, but it's real enough to me. Sometimes you just have to put it out there. maybe it's not a hundred percent of the book is true, but maybe 80% is. That is to get those people to come forward to either corroborate or deny the claims And.


That helps me as an investigator to know the truth. He also says in the interview that he was asked to use the name Jamal t Millwood. He states the T is For Tupac. Ultimately, he said it was kind of a battle. He slightly wanted to kind of use his name to get his name out there 'cause he thought the book would blow up. But he was specifically asked by some unknown person that he never told us about to use the name Jamal t Millwood. Ultimately, he states that the publishing of this book is almost like him being a whistleblower. Regardless of how NEDs feel about the book. Kim Porter's family, friends, And ex-partner, have all denied the book stating it's all a cash grab. Amazon eventually pulls the book stating, we were made aware of disputes regarding the title.


And have notified the publisher. This book is not currently For sale in our store. But now that the book has gone viral, regardless of validity, it has people intrigued by Kim Porter's relationship. With Diddy. She is often said to be the one that was the closest to him. His best friend Nets are wondering, was her relationship With, Diddy, anything like what Cassie has experienced. And. How did she pass away? Danielle walks into the Vibe studio. It was like a scene out of a movie. Staffers, For, this famous magazine are running around screaming. At this point. I mean all you need really are papers to go flying in the air. Like one of those Wall Street movie scenes. Which sounds dramatic, but this whole thing is very dramatic.


Back then at these major publication houses, you would have to store all of your data on servers. These servers are not, there's no cloud. These servers are not little hard drives like they are today. USB, he, he, they're massive. They're the sizes of nightstands. Sometimes a dining table. And, they're very heavy. Two of Vibe studio servers had been stolen. Who the hell would wanna steal the magazine servers? It's heavy. It's bulky. Considering the level of security that they have in the middle of Manhattan, it's likely an inside job. I mean it has to be And. The only person that they can all think of as they're sitting there figuring out what the hell to do is Sean Diddy Combs. What is Vibe Studio?


It's a magazine. Oh, okay. Now, vibe had wanted Diddy on the cover of their end of the year magazine. Danielle was supposed to be the main person on the project. And. The idea was this the good, the bad, the Puffy. 'cause he was known as Puffy back then. The idea was to hopefully somehow convince him to get into these Angel Wings. For one Photo And. Then the other photo would have him looking slightly mischievous. It'd be a split cover. Possible cover line would be Bad boy. Bad boy. What you gonna do? A play on the words? Because his company name is called Bad Boy Entertainment. They had already done the photo shoot a few months before the issue was supposed to run And. Diddy was not enthusiastic about the Angel Wings, but they somehow convinced him it took a lot of energy. But he put them on And.


They took the photos, And, everything is going as planned. They didn't get the perfect mischievous shot, but there's a good cover in there. But the reporter, Danielle, she gets a call from Diddy asking him to see the vibe covers before they hit the stands. And, according to Danielle. The conversation goes something like this. Diddy asks to see the cover photos. Danielle responds, I'm sorry, but that's against our policy. We never show anyone our covers. You will be dead in the trunk of a car. Excuse me. Take it back. Danielle claims he starts laughing over the phone. Maniacally, take what? Back. Fuck you. Take it back right now. Or I'm gonna call my lawyer. And. You're gonna go to jail. I know where you are right now.


You're right on Lexington, aren't you? She wasn't in the office at the time. She was in the car. What? Like he knows which street that she's driving on right now. Yes. How would he know where she is? Danielle hangs up. She's scared, but they don't make exceptions. They're not gonna show him the covers. But when she turns around, And goes back into her office. Everybody's telling her Diddy's about to stop by. We just got called that Diddy's coming in. And. It's clear he wants to Okay. This cover before it goes to the press. Just a few years ago, he was found guilty of threatening a New York Post photographer. With a gun. Apparently the photographer came up to take a picture of Diddy And, his company car. A confrontation took place. Diddy whip out a gun. And threatened the photographer. He was found guilty.


So obviously everybody at Vibe is freaking out now. Thankfully, vibe Studios had an external copy of the covers. But Danielle still has this reason to feel scared. The cover goes live. Everything goes live as planned. But the servers were still stolen. Nobody knows who. Danielle just has this weird feeling inside of her that Diddy is part of all of this. So he did a photo shoot For, this magazine. He wants to see the photo shoot And. They say, no, we cannot do that. And, he blew up. That's it. Yes. There's another instance that we're gonna cover in the next episode where he was involved in a music video. He had this whole creative idea to be crucified in a music video. Last minute. He decides he doesn't want that part in the music video.


'cause he is like, maybe it's blasphemous. Yeah. The executives included it in, released the music video to the world. And. Did he beat an executive? With a champagne bottle. And was arrested. So like he has no control of his own emotions. Like he doesn't want to do it anymore. Yeah. So he just throw a tantrum. Yes. He will hurt you if you don't listen. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. Okay. And. Danielle has I mean beyond him Threatening a photographer. With a gun. Danielle has had a personal experience. With Diddy involving him. And his girlfriend, Kim Porter. According to Danielle, she had met With Kim, Porter And. Two friends at this little restaurant in New York City. I mean it doesn't appear that they were close, close friends per se, but they kind of run in the same circles.


They're sitting there drinking their cocktails. They see Diddy walk in, which I'm sure everyone, even if they're not trying to be, they're all All. Book. About. Jealous of Kim. Porter. She's dating Diddy. One of the most influential people in the industry, even at that point. So the four of the girls, they're sitting at the table, Diddy walks in. Diddy knows all four of them. But he doesn't even acknowledge Kim's friends. He just motions For Kim to pass her bag. Allegedly, according to Danielle, he takes her bag, a little baguette purse, turns it upside down, emptying the whole purse. Things start clinking clinking on that table. In the middle of this New York City restaurant, he's making a scene. He starts snatching up every single credit card that fell out while Scathingly telling Kim, allegedly, you have no business being here.


You need to be at home. With. Those kids. Get home as fast as you can. Danielle said, Kim. Porter just grabbed all her stuff. And her friends see her, which just gets shuffled into a car that's waiting outside For her. Which is ironic because eight years later, in 2000 And six Diddy would be back on the cover of Vibe And. He would tell Danielle, the same journalist, a woman deserves to be nurtured. And taken care of. Kim taught me that. She taught me how to love. Have you ever seen Diddy's naked back? The Feds probably have, but that's besides the point. His back has this giant tattoo that covers most of the surface area. It's a realistic image of a woman holding a child.


So For, those who are familiar, the woman is Azee Denture from Haitian Voodoo. She embodies fierce maternal love, And protection. She's known For feminine power. She's passionately protecting women, children, And, marginalized communities. There's a saying that's often associated. With her. It goes, if Azli loves you, heaven help those who seek to hurt, And destroy you. She's a protector, but she's maternal in the sense, if you come For, those who she's protecting, she will turn the world upside down. She will rip her opponents to shreds. It's said that in cases of domestic violence, she is called upon to quote, destroy the offender. She's often associated With, natural disasters, And, forces of nature.


That's how powerful she's believed to be. It's a very interesting choice. For a tattoo. For, Diddy. But many believe this is actually the start of his downfall. Some believe that him getting that tattoo was the downfall because she will seek vengeance And. She's seeing what he's doing. When did he get that? Like In like 2017? He revealed it to the world. It's unclear if he got it in 2017 though. Wow. Yes. And, him. And. Cassie broke up. 2018. Yeah. Diddy first s Kim Porter at Uptown Records, which was one of the most prominent record labels in the hip hop. And, R And B scene. It's now part of Universal music.


But back then, uptown Records is the place to be. And. Diddy gets hired. He's working With, the likes of Mary j Blige. Jodeci And. Honestly, from what I can tell by my little online research, it seems like everybody fucking hated Diddy at Uptown Records. Allegedly, the other executives would flick him off as he walked down the hallway to his desk. And They would call him s ton behind his back. Wait, what was his role? His role there? He was an executive. Oh, okay. So he, was he a artist then, or, Okay. That's the thing that everybody gets confused. With Diddy was never an artist. Diddy was an executive. He started as an executive, started his own record label, And. He only released his debut album after Notorious.


BIG Passed Away was Murdered, which we're gonna cover in part three. He's actually a suit, is what a lot of people called him. Right? Because I personally, I just don't know a lot of songs from him. Yeah. So I was like, what is what? What exactly does he do? For all these years? So He's an executive. So He's always been behind the scenes from the first day. Yeah. So he starts as an executive. And. Everybody hates him. Well, there's some people that like him, like Kim, Porter, Kim Porter worked as a receptionist at Uptown Records in New York City where Diddy meets her For the first time. And says it's love at first sight. Diddy remembers thinking. I wasn't trying to holler at her or anything, but I was admiring her. Her lips, her eyes, her mouth, her shape, her energy.


I was just thinking, I wish I had a girl like that. She kind of made me feel nervous. You know? She wasn't like a New York girl. She was a Bohemian, mixed With, Georgia Peach hospitality. I got the idea that she liked doing stuff like walking barefoot in the grass. I didn't think that I could get her to like me. You know? She was smooth, you know, like ice. She's cool. Collected, she thinks before she speaks. You meet a lot of young ladies, And. They just don't do that. Kim was never pressed. She was always in control. He would later say, she was my muse. You know how they say it in the movies? I mean it's corny, but beautiful. She, she completes me, which can be verified. With, some accounts from people at Uptown Records.


They said, puff is a super achiever. Kim is all about peace, love, And life. You know, puff finds calm in her presence. Puff was in love, With her from the first time he saw her. You could tell from the way that he looked at her, which is unfortunate, because Kim Porter is dating an artist. Signed With Uptown Records. Al be sure in fact, they have a child, a son together named Quincy I mean. It took a few years of Diddy pursuing Kim Porter For them to finally give it a shot. And, they said, once they start dating, they're just inseparable. They said, we went out together. We ate together. We played together. He would want me at the office. I would want him at my shoots. 'cause she's also a model. Our bond was so tight. Diddy said, life is not good. With Kim Porter around. Now, side note, of course, everybody accuses Kim Porter at the time of being a gold digger.


But everyone who knew her says, even if you ask about her favorite memories, With Diddy, not a single one, is materialistic. She says, I'm not impressed by things, not a bag or shoes or a car. I've got a lot of stuff, you know, impress me, With your person. Show me that you can be a really good man. That's how you impress me. By the time they start dating, they've got this beautiful blended family. Kim. Porter has Quincy from her previous relationship. With Albi Shore. Diddy has a one-year-old son, Justin Combs that he had With his previous partner, Misa Hilton, who was also allegedly Kim's friend. So things are getting a little messy. But Diddy has Justin With, Misa Kim as Quincy With Albi, short And.


The two of them. They have this little family unit, And. They actually become one of the most iconic celebrity couples during that time. According to One Source, some tried calling them Black Barbie And, Ken And. They have their little fairytale moment where Kim gets pregnant. She's about to give birth With Christian Combs, her second son, both of their second sons And. It's supposed to be this happily ever after until one day, allegedly Kim is happily pregnant. Happily in this beautiful relationship. She reads on the tabloids that the father of her child, the one that she's pregnant, With, is dating Jennifer Lopez. J Lo. Wait. Like publicly dating at the same time? Yes. And.


She's like, I didn't know that. We are broken up, basically, is what a lot of sources allege that she didn't know until she read the tabloids. According to an older Essence magazine publication, when Kim was pregnant, With a couple's first child, Christian, did he quote, stepped out on the relationship. And in an astonishing display of celebrity infidelity took up With. Jennifer Lopez. Suddenly there was Kim Porter's man, the father of her newborn son, parading his movie star girlfriend in front of the paparazzi's flashing cameras to all the world. It looked like he was thinking Kim what? Kim. Wow. Kim said the worst part of it all was that everyone, anytime she was around people, They would just keep asking her, oh, Kim, are you all right?


She said, quote, I just hated that. They were talking to me like I was just really crushed. I have kids. I'm a grown woman. According to some sources, Kim refused to acknowledge the fact that Diddy was dating J-Lo, she left. She broke up, With him. She's no longer dating him. But she didn't confront him. She didn't, she never mentioned J-Lo mm. She just broke it off. And sources say that drove him absolutely batshit crazy. Mm. She didn't Let a Let it show, right? No. Her former attorney would later state she knew he was sleeping With other women, but she was very jealous of J-Lo. How could you not be? But Kim was like a Disney princess, really? One of the most beautiful women I'd ever met. But the relationship wasn't real.


That's what Kim And Diddy say. Yeah. That's what they both stayed after. The fact, Kim says that relationship With, Jennifer Lopez wasn't real. The world just saw the Bright Lights And camera. But I knew what was really going on. He was still in love, With me. In a previous interview, Kim stated he still called 50, 60 times a day. It was like my life was not my own. He's very, very intrusive. And. They were public. They went to the 2000 Grammy Awards together where J-Lo wore that insane green Versace dress That everybody, yes. Ah, The one that started the Google image search. Yes. Okay. I don't even know the story behind that. Yeah. Apparently this is, so many people were looking up that photo that Google created the Pho image search tab.


Oh, Wow. Because Of that photo. Yeah. They were an iconic couple. So from the outside, they seem like they're both in love. But again, according to Kim, And Diddy, they were not Diddy corroborates all of this by stating the whole time he was With J-Lo. He could not stop thinking about Kim, Porter And. He also kind of blames the cheating on Kim by stating, you know, I, I'm used to applause when I walk into the room. And Kim was just too cool. I would tell her, I guess I'll just go be With someone who will take care of me the way I wanna be taken care of, who'll be a little more aggressive. That did not do the trick. And quote, Kim wasn't really conforming to how I wanted her to conform. So dating Jayla was his statement to Kim.


He later states, Jennifer was my perfect match in terms of energy. I thought, I'll test the waters And. Hopefully Kim will see him serious. And come running after me. Except she didn't. So, according to Diddy, all he could think about during this entire time was Kim. He said, With, Jennifer, I was attracted to someone who had the same energy as me, but that isn't necessarily the best because I'm so aggressive. The best energy For me is someone who slows me down, makes me feel like I can breathe. It's hard, For me to breathe. But when I'm around Kim, I feel like I can do that. Apparently, the Grammys event where I was telling you that Jayla wore that insane Versace dress. Okay. Kim was watching the Grammys With, her friend And. She casually just said, I guarantee Diddy will call me before the credits roll.


Sure enough, he calls her at the Grammys that he's With. Jennifer Lopez And. I'm sure. But this is probably the worst 14 hours of Jennifer Lopez's life when she gets arrested. With Diddy in connection to a shooting. There's so much lore here. What? As they're dating, both of them get arrested in New York City, For a shooting that happens at a club. Diddy had been at this club, With J-Lo Shine, which is like a musical artist that he had just signed, I believe. And, his bodyguard, Anthony Wolf Jones. The four of them are at a club. When an argument breaks out And, somehow that escalates to shots being fired. Ultimately, three people get shot.


There are witnesses from the club that are certain that they saw Diddy holding a gun in his hand. Diddy's Protege Shine was also holding a gun. And, according to a witness. That's what the witness remembers. But they fell to the ground 'cause they had been shot in the shoulder. Another bystander. She had nothing to do. With, the initial fight, she doesn't even know these people. Her name is Natonya Rubin. She was shot in the face by Diddy. She claims it said that in the ER before she passed out. She said, I was shot by Puffy. Thankfully, she survived. And, her And, who Got in fight, With, who There was just like a, A bar brawl. It was like a fight. And. They just started shooting. Diddy got into an argument. With like bar goers, I believe his musical protege, And, some people got into slight arguments.


And. Then all these guns got whipped out in Manhattan. And shots were fired. Thankfully, Natanya survived. And, her story has been consistent For the past 20 something years. She's always said, I watched him. I watched Puffy. I saw him With my own eyes. Shoot And. It went through my nose like the bullet went to her nose. How is she doing right now? Not, well. She's doing interviews because now in 2024, people finally believe her. What? Like what? What's her injury? She's fine. She's healed. Yeah. Okay. But it, I'm sure physically it's, she probably still suffers some consequences. But mentally And, emotionally, I'm sure that, I don't know if that will ever heal.


Right, right. Right now, shine. The 18-year-old musician gets arrested at the club. Diddy And. J-Lo had already left. By the time that cops come, they ran straight to the car. Side note, some alleged that Diddy zipped out of there, leaving his girlfriend behind. But either way, they both end up in the car being chased by NYPD. I think they run like 11 traffic lights before they're finally pulled over. And inside the car. Some sources allege inside JLo's purse was the gun because Diddy would make her. Anyway, long story short, there's a lot of allegations that Diddy was the shooter. They all get arrested. JLo's charges are dropped. Now it's just Diddy.


His bodyguard, And, his musical protege Shine. Now Diddy is represented by a famous attorney, Johnny L. Cochran, Jr. This guy's resume is absolutely unhinged. His attorney has since passed, but he used to rep OJ Simpson. Michael Jackson, against the child molestation accusations. He reprep Tupac And. Now, he's repping Diddy in this trial. Not this one in 2024, but the one in the shooting. Now, their defense was stating that yes, he was there. Yes, he pulled out the gun. Yes, he fired the gun. Okay? But he shot it to the ceiling as a warning. Sound, For everyone to get down, get quiet, calm down. Every shot after that, that actually injured people. That's gotta be shine.


That's gotta be 18-year-old musical artist right there. Of course, And, the only reason that they're all saying all these witness testimonies are coming out saying that it was Diddy is because Diddy's the one With the money. So they're gonna file civil lawsuits because they want the money. Ultimately, Diddy gets acquitted. So does the Bodyguard. But Shine gets 10 years in prison. For assault, gun possession, And, reckless endangerment. Somebody has to be held responsible. And. It can't be Diddy. Which side note, he was always pictured walking around in silk suits during his trial. Other times he'd be wearing clothing from his own clothing line. Sean John. There would be people outside the courthouse. With signs that read Hip hop needs. You keep puffy here after the verdict is read, Diddy would tell the reporters, I give all my glory to God.


If it wasn't For, God, I wouldn't be able to walk out of here. I wanna thank my mother For being by my side every day. And. A lot of people have stated, that sounds like a, like an award speech. All the people, all my fans, my staff, all the people in New York, everybody that prayed For me all over the world. Thank you. I just feel so grateful today. I feel blessed. Shine would eventually be deported back to Belize in 2000, And nine, he would say, in a podcast, Diddy's Lawyers were here to secure a not guilty verdict by any means. He is a $100 million corporation. And. They looked at me like I was the enemy. Wow. After the shooting, Diddy And, JLo stay together a bit longer, but it's really only a matter of time.


It's alleged by insiders that once Diddy left J-Lo in the club like that, after the shooting, she was over him. She was like, I am so done. But while they're dating, another incident takes place. In 2000, there's this massive wedding in Italy. For La Reed, the former CEO of Epic Records. Now, given La Reed's status in the industry, everybody's gonna be there, including Shaki Stewart, he's a music executive. Most notably, he worked at Def Jam Records. He's actually a very big player in the world. He was responsible For signing artists like Beyonce, Ciara And, Rick Ross. Yeah. He's at this wedding in Italy. And. If his mother's allegations are correct, he may have potentially been dating Kim Porter.


Since Diddy is in a very public relationship, With J-Lo. Why wouldn't Kim Porter move on too? I mean. It said that Diddy, who is also a guest at the wedding, finds Shaq's hotel room bursts in through the door. Find whose Shaki Stewart's hotel room. Kim's alleged boyfriend at the time, And in a fit of rage that Kim Porter had moved on. You know, just like he allegedly had With J-Lo, he grabs a chair. And slams it over. Shaki Stewart's head. Shaq's mom said about the whole incident, did. He left him bleeding on the hotel floor in Italy. He had to have stitches. And then did. He threatened him, I'm gonna kill you. That's when like said, you need to get out of this business. This man is crazy. Diddy has always denied that this has ever happened.


But a few people that have attended the wedding corroborated the story to Rolling Stone. Diddy's former bodyguard. Gene Diehl says, Kim couldn't have nobody. Kim couldn't have nobody. Diddy Puff could do whatever he wanted to do. Brother love could be whoever he wanted to be. If Kim ever tried to get With, somebody Puff would interfere With them or her For trying to be With them. He wouldn't Let that happen unless he was bringing them into the picture. Kim couldn't go nowhere. Kim couldn't be in a relationship. She couldn't be at the clubs. If he called Kim's house, she had to be there. Again, these are just allegations. But another allegation is that he, he had Kim Porter's whole house, bugged And, wired And. That's how he knew that she was seeing Shaki Stewart And.


He would hire PIs to follow her around And. There's a lot of connections here. He hires the same pi that Donald Trump hired For, his two ex-wives, And. It all comes like full circle. That's how it gets exposed, that he had hired Kim Porter like PIs to follow Kim Porter. It's a very long story, but there's a lot going on here. But again, the whole thing is just beyond bizarre. And infuriating because he can do whatever he wants. Treat Kim allegedly like shit, but nothing happens to him. Now, side note, I don't know again if this is true. This is just another allegation, but one insider states that Kim had told her about how they broke up And, quote, Diddy put her up in this apartment building on the Upper West Side.


It was an old building, And. She said her apartment was infested. With rats. She said she came home one day, tried to put on her boots, And, there was rat feces on them. And. She was just like, I gotta get out of this place. Which a former attorney, For Kim, backs it up by stating he don't wanna pay her rent, get a nice apartment, For her, nothing. So truly, he just treats her like shit. Every time they break up is the allegation, And, probably while they're dating? Who knows? Now the anonymous source continues in the allegations. I mean. I remember just her being the sweetest, kind, warm, And, caring person. Diddy was a controlling narcissist. And I could see why he would be attracted to someone like Kim. That's in 2000 at La Reed's wedding in Italy, the summer of 2000.


And one. Something else will allegedly take place, but we, the public won't know about it until this year.


Some of my favorite wholesome videos to watch online are the ones where people who speak multiple languages but don't look like it will randomly break out into full sentences. Surprising everyone around them. And. Almost always, the unsuspecting native speakers in the videos are shocked, but also happy elated. Even because learning a language is so much more than just communicating. It shows that there's a deep interest in the person's culture. And heritage. I've been learning Chinese from my husband's side of the family. And, actually, I was talking With, a friend And suggested totally unprompted that they should surprise their grandma For the holidays by learning her native language using Rosetta Stone. She just started practicing. And is hoping to surprise her Nana by holding a full conversation in French by Christmas time. With Rosetta Stone. This is a fun little holiday gift that you can give as well. Whether you're surprising a loved one With your own abilities, or gifting a membership brushing up on a past language, or even starting from scratch. Rosetta Stone is the most trusted language learning program available on desktop or as an app. It truly immerses you in the language that you wanna learn. But most importantly, Rosetta Stone encourages fast language learning through an intuitive process, designed For, long-term retention. The Built And true accent feature gives you feedback on your pronunciation, which is basically a personal trainer For your accent. Because For 30 years, Rosetta Stone has been the most trusted language learning platform, With millions of users worldwide. And, don't worry if French is not your thing. They have 25 different languages to choose from, such as Korean, Spanish, Japanese, Chinese, Arabic. Not that you have to choose though, because With, Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership, you get access to all 25 language courses, For, the rest of your life. A lifetime supply of unlimited access to 25 languages, For any future trips or language needs in life. Don't put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now. To get started, Rotten Mango listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership For 50% off Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. That's 50% off. Unlimited access to 25 language courses. For the rest of your life. Redeem For, 50% off at Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten.


Today, as many of you guys know, I have never been a big drinker. My stomach is already so sensitive to certain foods, And drinks that I can never really bounce back the next day. It just ruins the whole next day, a sip of champagne. For, new Year's. It doesn't matter if it's a toast For the wedding. I always end up regretting it, which is very unfortunate because I think I love the experience And, the taste of a red wine, With, a steak or a glass of ice wine, For dessert. But those regrets are now gone because I found Z Biotics, a pre-cool probiotic drink that actually works. Their probiotic was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not the dehydration. That's to blame. For your rough. Next day, prea Alcohol produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. This is a proactive solution that wards off feeling miserable the next day. Instead of a reactive approach like drinking electrolytes or getting greasy food. My first time trying Z biotics was actually during Choose Hook, which is the Korean equivalent to Thanksgiving. I drank their Preco alcohol probiotic before my family brought over this. It was my first time having it. It's like a rice based drink, And. Normally, I'd be regretting it the next morning, but the next morning I woke up And I felt like every other morning, And. It was kind of crazy. I was almost convinced it was the Korean rice drink. But then I had a glass of wine after Z Biotics. It's the Z biotics. Honestly, Z is a game changer. Even if you're not a big drinker like me, it's always so good. And worth it to have a supply just in case. Especially For, your friends. Go to z biotics.com/rotten to learn more. And. Get 15% off your first order when you use Rotten at checkout z Biotics is bagged With a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied, For, any reason at all, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/rotten And. Use the code rotten at checkout. For 15% off. Thank you, z Biotics. For sponsoring this episode. And our Good Times.


Then 25-year-old Talia Graves says that she was panicked. She woke up, found herself tied up. Who's Talia Gray? She's just a woman who woke up tied up on a couch in Diddy's Studio. And. All she remembers is she had just met With Diddy And, one of Diddy's bodyguards, Joe Sherman And. The only reason she was even meeting With them is because she was dating one of Diddy's employees, And executive at Bad Boy Entertainment. Diddy called her specifically to come. And. Talk to him about her boyfriend's performance issues. She thought it was weird, I'm sure, but maybe he's trying to sit her down And, be like, are you distracting your boyfriend from work? Why is he so distracted? She just wants to help her boyfriend.


So she goes to meet With Diddy. They urge her to drink a glass of wine. She drinks it, And. That's it. She knocks out And. Now she's waking up And. Her arms are tied behind her back, allegedly, according to the lawsuit. Now, Diddy And. Joe Sherman the Bodyguard. This is what she says. Her lawsuit alleges that they essay her. From that point forward, she states that she was crying. For help the whole time. And, nobody came. According to the devastatingly explicit lawsuit, quote, plaintiff. So plaintiff is gonna be Talia And. Mr. Combs is Diddy, so I'm just gonna replace it to make it easier. Talia screamed out in pain, but Diddy continued to violently anally rape her. He physically overpowered her, smashing her head down on the pool table. During the brutal attack.


Talia vomited into her mouth, And on the table. At one point, she involuntarily defecated. Diddy was undeterred. He wiped himself off. And applied more lubricant. And With. Any acknowledgement of Talia's distress proceeded to essay her. The lawsuit states she experienced intense pain, And burning sensations before losing consciousness again. The next thing she knew, she woke up on the couch to allegedly Joe Sherman slapping her across the face, forcing his private parts into her mouth. She states her face And wrists were bruised. She was in severe pain, And distress, And. When he was done, she quickly grabbed her clothing in fear that Diddy would come back. And just ran outta there. She was terrified at the time to report Diddy because it's Diddy.


But also she claimed she was in a very nasty custody battle over her child, And. She was scared that this would make her lose her chances. She told her boyfriend the executive, but allegedly, he tells her not to do anything. 'cause you're gonna ruin my career. So For the next few decades, she states that she bore the consequences, having panic attacks, self exit thoughts, depression, And. She thought she was moving on until November of 2023. She learns For the first time that over 20 years ago, what happened to her had been filmed And. That video of her being Essayed was being shown to multiple men at Bad Boy Entertainment. And was used to publicly degrade. And humiliate her. It's, it felt like all this trauma that they allegedly inflicted on her was solely For Diddy to allegedly feel like he humiliated his own executive.


Like some sort of power move. Like, see what I can do to your girlfriend. How did she find out about that part? It, the lawsuit claims her ex-boyfriend told her, just like mentioned it in passing. I guess the other executives at Bad Boy had seen it. And. They all basically allegedly SLU Shame. Talia the victim. And told the alleged boyfriend of hers to break up With her because of the video, because she was a victim. But this doesn't come out until 2024. The alleged essay takes place in 2000 And. One And. Now in 2000, And three, where we are in the story, Kim Porter, And Diddy officially get back together. So two years after Talia's assault, they get back together. Alleged assault.


Legally speaking, they're seen at a lot of high profile events together. They're spotted strolling on the beach together. I mean. It seems like this time around. Diddy is trying really hard. They're constantly seen spending quality time attending these high profile music awards. That's same year though. Another incident occurs that we won't know about until this year. Cipriani's is one of the more famous restaurants in New York City. And, crystal McKinney, a model signed With I mean G Models is invited there to meet With. This huge fashion designer, Sean Diddy, Combs of the Sean John clothing line. He had just launched his Sean John clothing line. And. They're doing like $450 million in retail sales. What? Yeah, this is gonna be the next huge step in Crystal's career.


There's no connection like Diddy in the industry. She had to fly all the way from Miami to New York City. But that's fine. But there's more rules. The designer For, Sean John, tells her that she needs to go to the hair salon, make sure to touch up her roots so that she remains fully platinum blonde. She needs to get her extensions. And. The clothing to meet Didion. Must be a black leather coat. With, a fur hood, a translucent chiffon beige v-neck shirt, a fur lined handbag, And ju And crusted jeans. It felt a little specific in particular, but it's fine. She shows up to Cipriani's. She's seated directly across from Diddy And. Almost instantly. He's hitting on her quote, coming on in a sexually suggestive manner.


He keeps telling her that she's beautiful. Her eyes are gorgeous. You're gonna make it one day as a model. You're gonna be big one day, especially because I'm gonna help you. I'm gonna get you the connections. And, he's just nonstop whispering these things to her. Refilling her wine glass nonstop. He gives her his number. And tells her, call me later tonight. That night he instructs her to meet him at his New York City studio. At which point, there's a bunch of people drinking there, just smoking a joint. Drinking. She smokes weed. So Crystal accepted, but that was not weed. Supposedly she believes it's weed laced With, a narcotic And, some, maybe some other intoxicating substances because one hit, that's it. She's like, that is crazy. 'cause she's a weed smoker.


So this is not, this is not weed. One hidden. She's feeling not well, And. He tells her, you're being way too uptight. Keep drinking, keep drinking. She said she feels like she's floating in the air. Eventually, she's unable to control her body. She tries to go to use the restroom, but allegedly did. He follows her in And essays her. He forces her head down. And commands her to quote, suck it. She refused, but he allegedly forced her. Anyway, And, she states that he just left. Once he was done getting what he wanted, she gets up, ends up losing consciousness. The next thing she remembers is just in a cab heading out of the studio. Years later, crystal would end up hospitalized after a self exit attempt.


And, it's hard. She states in the lawsuit because everywhere she would go, she would be reminded of her alleged essay. He's everywhere on tv, music, film everywhere. Being celebrated everywhere. And, she can't escape. She said, I had my whole future mapped out that was stolen from me. Being Essayed And, having no recourse is so painful. I felt like I was dying every day. You know, I, I did not have the strength to come forward yet. I hope that by speaking out, I can help other victims come forward. And seek justice. The public would find out about Crystal's allegations decades later, but she's not the only one suffering the same year in 2000, And three, while Diddy is flaunting Kim Porter on his arm, getting praised For raising $2 million.


For, the New York City education system, winning BET Awards. MT V Awards, getting nominated, For Grammys. Jane Doe is 17 years old in 2000, And three. That means she's in the 11th grade. And. She was, according to the allegations, brought forth in her lawsuit, just offered a ride on a private jet. Like I don't know many people that would turn that down, especially when the private jet is being chartered by p Diddy. In the lawsuit, Jane Doe alleges that she met With Harvey Pierre. This is the eventual president of Diddy's Company, bad Boy Entertainment. He was one of the top executives from the Get-Go. Jane Doe meets With Harvey in this lounge in Detroit, And. She doesn't know who he is, but he keeps telling her, do you know my best friend is Diddy.


So this guy, the president, right? He works For Diddy. Is that correct? Yes. Yes. Okay. So Diddy is more in charge than the president. Oh, Yes. Yes. Okay. So to the point where he calls Diddy, And is like, Hey, this girl at the bar doesn't really like believe me. I guess. So. Here you go. She, she hears Diddy on the phone, And over the phone. Diddy allegedly convinces her to get on a private jet to come see him in New York. He convinces her And, I'm, I'm sure she's excited, And as they're heading, getting ready to leave, she alleges Harvey. Pierre asked her to come into the bathroom, With him, where she alleges that he was smoking crack cocaine from a Pepsi can And. Once he was done, he took off his pants. And ordered her to suck it. And forcibly shoved her head down.


Sign note. The law firm representing her is the same law firm that represented Cass, even Ventura. So, I'm just saying it is up to a lot of law firms to do their due diligence to make sure that the clients have strong cases. So do that With what you will. Right now, following that, she alleges in the lawsuit that they drove to the airport boards. This private jet flies into New York City, where there's two black SUVs waiting. For them. They go to Daddy's house to recording studio, which is owned by Bad Boy Daddy's House, where she alleges that he was pushing her to drink And smoke. So it's four of them. In There Diddy, Mr. Pierre Harvey. Pierre And, a third unknown person, she doesn't even know the name of this person, And.


They keep telling her how hot And sexy she is. Eventually Diddy leads her allegedly into the bathroom in the studio. And allegedly assaults her over the sink. She states she did not consent. And, according to the lawsuit, he told her that he could not orgasm. And asked her to squeeze his nipples as hard as she could to get him off. Yeah. By this point, she says she's coming in And out of consciousness. And her next memory was waking up to see the third assailant starting toay her in the restroom. She kept telling him to stop, but he did not. Once he left, Harvey, Pierre allegedly came into essay her And. She recalls having a hard time breathing because of how he was forcing himself onto her. She was in pain.


It wasn't until they were quote, you know, more or less done With her. She fell to the bathroom floor. And crawled into a fetal position. She doesn't even remember anything else, but vaguely. She's just on a plane back to Michigan. When this lawsuit was filed in the end of 2023, Harvey Pierre has denied the accusations against him, stating, this is a tale of fiction. I've never participated in or witnessed nor heard of anything like this. Ever. These disgusting allegations are false. And, a desperate attempt, For financial gain. I will vigorously protect my reputation. And, defend my name. Those who know me recognize these claims are not true. Diddy's attorneys filed a motion to dismiss, calling it a decades old tale, a baseless claim in an effort to extract an undeserved financial recovery fiction.


A desperate attempt. But this is what Jane Doe alleges happened in 2000, And three, the same year, Diddy is back together. With Kim, Porter And. It's very likely that Kim Porter did not know about these incidents because Jean, the former bodyguard, states Kim would have incidents. With Diddy, where he would allegedly convince Kim to partake in group activities. And do things that she did not wanna do, have intimate relations, With men that she did not want to. It's the way that he describes it. And alleges is similar to Cassie's freak offs. I dunno, And, it appears that Diddy had a high level of control over Kim's life. And. What she was privy to, so likely she didn't know any of this.


One supposed industry professional alleges that they saw Kim, And Diddy at the 2000 And, three MT V Awards, red Carpet, And. She claims And. Again, this is just an allegation, but I remember specifically how controlling he was over her. He was literally just sitting there sparing at her hair. He wasn't happy, With it. The way that the curl went one direction. He was like, I don't care if I miss the whole show. We're not leaving until we get this curl right about her hair. She claims on the inside. She just thought, wow, this guy's so controlling the same insider shares a story that allegedly takes place in New York City. Again, just an allegation, but one time I went to their Park Avenue apartment to work. Kim Porter had this jewelry person arrive, And.


She picked out Jewels For, the evening to wear. They were going to an event, And. It took hours to get her ready. And. Then she kept waiting For Diddy to come home so that they could go to the event together. We were sitting there For hours, but he never came. So she never went out to the event. She just went to sleep Instead. Mike Curry, a former artist, signed With. Bad boy, said their relationship was a lot. I remember Kim used to go through a lot of stuff. If you live around them, you get to see the toxic relationship. I think every relationship he had that I experienced around him was like that Gene deal. Again, the former bodyguard states that throughout the years, Kim always had suspicious injuries, broken noses, bruises, ankle injuries.


Interestingly enough, gene deal also alleges that Diddy was never aggressive. With Jennifer Lopez. He states that JLo's mom already hated Diddy And. It said that he wasn't willing to handle the backlash. If he were to put his hands on her gene insinuates that he likely knew if she told anyone, it would be over For him. So the way that Gene describes it is it seems like he is very fond of Kim Porter. And I think he means this With as much enlightening, insightful information as he can allegedly give. But he's stating that Diddy knows who to mess. With J-Lo is not dependent on him. She was already a star by this point. Whereas the women that he does physically go after, allegedly, are women that are dependent on him.


Yeah, I mean that's typical behavior. For someone like, yeah, you know, just all about the power. And. He would even say in an interview that Kim was in With him while they're dating. He says, do you really think God meant For a man to just have one wife or a woman to just have one husband? Do you really think God meant it that way? Kim snaps back. Do you really want me having sex With another man? You want that to happen? No, but God made us different. She explains. That is such a cop out. I could just be like you, but I just choose not to be. Well, sometimes things happen. And. This is the most monogamous I've ever been in my life. That's all I'm trying to say. Kim would later tell the reporter he's giving gentle, And sensitive, especially With, me.


He's really a good guy. With a big heart. I get to see that And. I'm really thankful I get to see that until one day, Diddy comes home. And Kim. Porter is gone. So they get back together. In 2000, And three, around the end of 2000, And seven. She leaves, unbeknownst to Diddy, while he's out of town at the BET Awards show, Kim calls her closest girlfriends over. They pop open a bottle of wine, cheers, clink it's time to pack, kitchen table, nursery furniture, the cars, everything is leaving. With. Kim. I hope that he came home to an empty home, but I I, I'm not sure how much she took After 12 years, Kim Porter finally walks out on Diddy. 12 years on And off.


She's done being his romantic partner. I mean she will always be the mother to his children. They will co-parent. But she is so done a little over 10 months prior to her moving out, Kim Porter was pregnant. With Diddy's twins. They had rekindled their on And off relationship. Again, like I said, And, they had done all these interviews. They were in a very public relationship. And. She had done recent interviews after getting pregnant about, you know, I know Diddy, like I know my kids And. Just talking about how what they had was different. And. Then one day, Kim's friend calls her And. She sounds uncomfortable, I'm sure And. She tells her basically Diddy had cheated on her. With, another woman, And. That woman, had recently just gave birth to Diddy's child.


Do we know who? Sarah Chapman And. She gave birth to Chance Combs. She was born just like five, six months before the twins were born. To which Kim had enough. She never confronted him while she was pregnant. She just said, it's not an original script. He's not the first man who has cheated. He's not the first man who's had a baby outside of the relationship. He's not the originator of this. But at this point in my life, I have girls Now. It's a different program. The worst part is he didn't tell her until after she gave birth. So she's giving him the time to fess up, own up, because he's a literal newborn baby. So, just tell her. Sarah gives birth to Chance Combs. July of 2000. And six. The twins were born.


December of 2000. And six. She says, he told me he may have gotten himself in a situation, And. He may have fathered another child outside the relationship. Kim said she already knew. And responded really well. I already knew And. I'm glad you decided to be a man. I was like, dude, this is so whack. I can't even respect you right now. And For me. Once the respect is gone, I'm not even listening to you anymore. Later, the same magazine, essence will ask her, you left in quite a dramatic way. You know, taking the furniture, the cars leaving. They ask, why did it go down like that? Because there was no other way. You think he would've Let me, walk out the door. He wouldn't have wanted me to go. Were you scared? No. Not at all. But I wanted to be dramatic. I wanted him to know I wasn't breaking up.


With him. For two weeks, or maybe leaving For two days. If I pack up everything, twins, And, all it means I'm out. Puffy's an action person, not a talk person. So I had to have an action telling him, babe, I'm leaving. Just wasn't gonna do it. In another interview, she states mainly, I'm a mom first. So that is the most important to me. So everything else kind of comes after that. And, it seems like that's exactly what she planned on doing. Focus on her career, her children. After the breakup in an interview, With Essence, Kim was asked If Diddy called you today, And said, I wanna get married right now, would you? She says, I would say no. And not because I don't wanna get married, but because he's not ready. For marriage. When I get married, I wanna stay married. I want both parties to be on the same page at the same time.


And to leave a certain type of behavior behind. That's a commitment. I don't think he's ready. For, Diddy would also stayed around this time. Kim is an incredible mother to our children. We've been part of each other's lives. For, many years. And. I've always admired her courage. And strength. We're the best of friends. You know, I got three girls, three boys, And. They're really kind, great people. They got a lot of love in their hearts. I'm the luckiest man in the world. So she walked out just one day after finding out that Diddy was cheating. Yes, but Diddy never went after her. Like, you know how you know? Know? He's very controlling. Oh, yes. He's very man. Yeah. It seems like he did. He did. But she's like, no, I'm done. Don't come For me. And.


Okay. That's the allegation. It seems like he did. Yeah. Now, Kim also lets it be known that they were on amicable terms. She said that they're still friends. He calls every single day. She told her a reporter, you know, we're committed to our children. Even if we couldn't commit to each other. I mean it's clear. None of them wanna say too much publicly about what happened. And, like Kim said, she's gonna focus on her career. And. Perhaps one of that is acting. She was in a pilot episode, For, a show called Single Ladies, where her character is a snarky former quote, video vixen Video. What Video vixen, I guess, is talent that's hired For. Music videos typically. Mm And. Side note, a few medicines have been reposting this scene as they think it's just an eerie coincidence.


Kim's character on the show says And. Again, this is a fictional show. I'm a writer now. I'm writing a tell all book about my years of being a video vixen. I got a lot of stories about lots of rappers. And, I'm gonna get paid. I didn't have all that fun, For, nothing. I am in no way of insinuating that taken down book is true or not. So far, there isn't strong evidence of how the author received the hard drives. So, I do question its validity. But if the lawsuits filed against Diddy are proven to be true, it does seem that Kim Porter would have a lot to say. Gene, the former bodyguard would even say the violence towards women was a consistent pattern. In his belief, And opinion, he alleges that he heard that Diddy had beat Misa Hilton, the first mother of his child.


Justin's mother so hard that she allegedly once was so scared. She crawled under a car to get away from him. According to Jean's allegations, he just does not understand how someone beats someone to that point that they desperately crawl under a car. That level of violence is a lot. Which again, doesn't mean that Kim wrote a tell all, but there's a lot. Which, speaking of Misa Hilton, Justin's mother, April Lambros is another victim who has since filed a lawsuit against Diddy. She had received an invite in the mail, a Father's Day celebration, For Diddy after the birth of his first biological child, Justin Combs that he shares With Misa Hilton.


The invite reads. So this is before he's dating Kim Porter. So this is the nineties? Yes. Okay. Dear Friends, join us in celebrating the original Bad Boy's First Father's Day celebration. For. This occasion, there is a dress code. No jeans or sneakers will be permitted. It's a Father's Day party. April is a student from fit, the Fashion Institute of Technology. And. This is all awkward because she is allegedly seeing Diddy, romantically. And, Diddy just had a child. With, Misa Hilton And it. The whole thing is weird. Okay. April Lambrose states in her lawsuit that he was just love bombing her constantly And, bringing her gifts, come, bringing her to the studio to impress her. Even a month after the Father's Day event, she was invited to see performances by Usher, And, notorious, BIG, thanks to Diddy.


And. At first, it all seemed sweet. He just seems like he always wants to be around flying her from New York to Atlanta to Miami, just wherever he was. He wanted her be her to be around. But then he told her that they have to keep their relationship a secret, because she alleges, quote, he did not want anyone to know that he was seeing her because she's a white woman. The lawsuit goes into detail about four alleged SA incidents. The first April alleges she went to meet With Diddy at a bar in Soho. He introduces her to a female friend of his. She remembers having a few sips of her drinks, And. They all left For a hotel nearby. And. She just had this feeling of uneasiness in the hotel room. She remembers laying in bed when Diddy forced himself. On top of her, she leaves And.


She told herself she would never talk to Diddy again, but he continues love bombing her And, telling her how advantageous her life will be. Her career will take off as long as Diddy is on her side. So I mean she's studying to get into the fashion world, which he's a big prominent figure of. At that time, she thought that perhaps the first incident was maybe she misremembered. Then it happened again. The second incident, she alleges that this happened in a parking garage near his apartment in the city. They were going to dinner. Diddy's a little drunk And. As they're headed towards his car, he just grabs her out of nowhere, forces her to kneel on the concrete in the parking lot, unzips his pants. And forces her to perform orally. She said that she could see the parking attendant witness this horrific assault.


But did he allegedly did not care. And, once he's done, she's crying And. He just tells her, get up. She states. Once again, she tried to distance herself, And. Then it didn't work. Then the third time she alleges. At this point, Diddy And, Kim Porter had started dating. She alleges in the lawsuit, again, this is an allegation that she was called to his apartment where Kim, Porter, And, two other people were there. They all go to the club that night. And, when they get back, they continue drinking. He insists that Kim Porter And. April take Ecstasy is what the lawsuit alleges. She said he essentially forced her to take the pill. He was forcing his hand so far into her throat. She almost gagged And. Even afterwards. He's checking under their tongues like a psych ward nurse.


She alleges in the lawsuit that Diddy force, the two of them, April And Kim, to engage in intimate acts while he sat watching And self pleasuring. Towards the end, he quote, sat close by masturbating For some time before pushing Kim Porter off Miss Lambrose, April And forcing himself inside And as saying April. April said that she just went completely numb. And emotionally checked out And. It wasn't until Diddy kicked her out a few hours later that she felt all this disgust. And, shame And, she alleges. The crazy thing is, even after all of this, he had the audacity to invite April to Kim Porter's birthday party. The fourth time she alleges was after he broke up With Kim Porter. To date, J-Lo And. While he's actively in a public relationship, With J-Lo, he forces her to his apartment.


And tries to essay her once more. She manages to leave And. She thought that was it. But just like Talia, she said in 2023, April's boyfriend states that he was just approached by this random redacted man. So they redacted the name, but it's clear that they know who, who told him along the lines of, you really should reconsider dating that girl. Because I personally saw videos of her having intimate relations. With Diddy, April alleges. That's how she discovered he had filmed some of the encounters. She didn't know that he had filmed it And. She didn't know that he had shown it to people. Other key allegations in her lawsuit are, Mr. Combs does not like the word no. Now, one significant detail, or I guess insignificant detail would be a better description.


In the lawsuit, April alleges quote, Ms. Lambros recalls Mr. Combs penis. Being adolescent. Being adolescent in both length, And width. Eventually after Kim, Porter did, he goes on to have a very public relationship. With, Cassie Ventura, gene deal. The former bodyguard says, I didn't know Cassie, but I knew someone like Cassie. I knew Kim Porter. Which obviously there's a lot of discourse here about him having three mothers to his children. Diddy does argue interestingly, on the Wendy Williams show. Keep this in mind because Wendy Williams comes back again in episode four of this Diddy series. He argues that he met the mother of his children, all three of them. Kim, Porter, Misa, Hilton And, Sarah Chapman.


In the same year. He says, I met all of them in the same year. So I've known them in the same amount of time. We were all friends. I wasn't running around through my career. And every couple of years, just being like a new With, a new person. These are people that have been my friends. Then I would get my heart broken And. Then my friend would be there. And I would fall in love. With, my friend, And. Then I would get my heartbroken, which is a crazy statement. Yeah. How is that better? Like how you know? Yeah, like how is that better? Like me? He's saying like, I didn't just meet a new woman that I'm interested in. I'm, I'm telling you, I know all of these women, we all go way back at the same time. Like, Yeah, that, that might be worse. Yeah. How is that better? He also said specifically about having daughters.


He has three sons, And now four daughters. The youngest being Love Combs was born in 2022. This next statement is crazy. It took me to have daughters to really know how to treat a woman. And. I'm still learning, but I guess they didn't teach him that much because in another appearance on the Breakfast Club, he's there sitting next to his son, Christian Combs, who is the one being sued by the yacht. Stewardess Grace. This is what he says about dating And. By the way, Christian is like a teenager at this point. So he's like consciously aware. And. He looks up to his dad. He's his role model. He says, if I'm in a relationship, With you 25% of your time, you're just gonna be like, oh man, I hate being here. This guy cheated on me. He lied on me. But then there's 75% of the time, I'm gonna make you the happiest woman in the whole wide world.


I'm gonna be there to support your dreams. I'm gonna be there to hold you. Listen to you. I'm gonna be there to be your best friend. And I, promise you'll smile the most. You know who I am. This is what it is. Which deal do you choose? Which is just the craziest thing ever. But Diddy claims he really loves his children. So For his children. He has started a new company called Combs Cartel, which is very questionable. It's an umbrella company. For the joint ventures of his children. His first son, Quincy, who he adopted, that he has With Kim Porter. He is acting. He recently starred in the Netflix special holiday calendar. Justin is Diddy's first biological child, With Misa Hilton. He used to run a segment on Revolt tv, which is a media company that used to be owned by Diddy called Respectfully Justin, where he interviews celebrities.


But like he does, you know what, I'm not gonna go there. He doesn't really interview the celebrities. He has a co-host that does all the talking. He just kind of is There And. So people have called him out. For being a Nepo baby, because you're not really doing anything on the show. You just got a show because your dad owns the network, right? I digress. Then there's Christian Combs, the first child, With Kim, Porter Christian is taking more after his dad trying to get into music musically. He goes by the name King Combs. He has a song called Can't Stop, won't Stop Featuring Kodak Black. I think that was his biggest song. But I think the most talked about song is a song he recently released five months ago. It's called Pick a Side. Pick a Side.


This was released after the Feds raided Diddy's Homes. But before he's arrested, the more relevant lyrics go like this. I dare one of you N words scream out. No. Diddy might see me With, some pretty hoes With me, but ain't no Ho in me. Police raid the crib like we selling crack. We ain't doing that. But we out here selling tracks. Multimillion dollar plaques, all that wooing on the net internet, I guess. Well, now it's time to show N Study talking to the fam And, we don't even know, but go ahead, play one call away. We ain't sparing no knock them walls down. Like when them Fetti boys ran in both of our cribs.


Too bad. They know we bought the one next door. 'cause that's the one they missed. Wait, wait. What did he just say about next door? He's saying, first of all, all of you guys yapping on the internet. We're not sparing anyone. This is like a freaking war. Then he goes on that state, like the Feds raided our crib, acting like we're selling crack, but we're not. We're selling tracks, but also jokes on them. 'cause they missed one. 'cause we, they had purchased two homes in Miami, it seems on Star Island. And I. Guess he's insinuating that the Feds didn't check the new home or something that they bought next door. Really? He's flexing about that. Oh, just you wait till the comments. Now There seems to be references to 50 cent And. Eminem. We'll get to that in part four, where we go through all of Diddy's friends, And.


Then everyone who has hated him since day one. 'cause there's a lot of celebrities who have been beefing With him since day one. Now, the main comments on this disc track read this shit is whack. Others point out that he's grown up in such a privileged household. He can't even make a good disc track. They comment, wow, we are really making it out. The gated community. With, this one fam another comments snitched on himself. And hit us With. This itsy bitsy spider flow. Yeah. He does like a nursery rhyme, beginning And. Then others say, when you make a poem in primary school, And, then add a backtrack in the lyrics. like I said, he talks about the feds missing the second home in Miami. They allegedly purchased a lot of ENTs. Found that hilarious saying, how do you snitch on yourself in your own dis track?


LOL. He said, don't forget the house next door. Wait, so he's making the feds just raided two of their house. Yeah. And. He's making a dis track. Dis track on the public as well as the feds. The Feds, yes. What is going on right now? Yes. Which a lot of people have said, you know, cops. Okay, maybe the Feds. Nobody really fucks With the Feds. Like that's just not something you do. Especially when you're like being investigated. For Rico. Conspiracy. Yeah. Racketeering. Like This is not gonna age well. The feds, they might overlook a lot of things, but they will not overlook things like racketeering. Yeah, yeah.


People comment, how are you gonna make a disc track where you're not really dissing anybody? Only name dropping And. Then self snitching. This sounds less like a disc track. And more like a confession. Others are commenting. Yeah. Well, we did pick a side And. It's not With, the oily diler. A lot of people think it's just so bizarre. It really just shows how untouchable they think they are. Because why would you tease the feds like that? Yeah. Gene, the former bodyguard states about the song. It's like he put another battery in the fed's back. Don't play With, the Feds, bro. You might think it's petty, but it's not. You do not agitate a lion With, a pork chop And. That's what that kid did. Mm. Others have commented. Christian comb said, pick a side. The fed said pick a cell.


Yeah, so he's in a lot of hot water. Justin was, but Where is he right now? He's actually just seen partying. With, his girlfriend. Oh, okay. So he's still out right now. There's no criminal charges against him. It's just the civil lawsuit against him. With Grace. Mm, wow. Yeah. Then you have Chance Combs. Sarah Chapman's daughter. I watched a lot of interviews. With Chance Combs in there. And. Honestly, she seems really, really smart. Like she just turned 18. She's very beautiful. It seems to have a good head on her shoulders. Then you have Delilah And, Jesse, the twins. They were born five months after chance. It seems like all the three of them are very close in age, but also just in Bond.


They're currently aspiring to be full-time models. They joined their father on the stage, For, the 2023 VMAs where he's saying, I'll be missing you. Which is a song we will cover in part three because it is in reference to a murder that he is allegedly. The conspiracy is he was involved in. Now these girls are stunning I mean. People have said they look just like their mother Kim. They also seem really down to earth And. I'm sure it's, it's very difficult. For them to navigate all of this. Right now, I believe the two twins are still minors until December, if I'm not mistaken. So navigating all of this while being so young, I'm sure is very hard. And. Then you have the youngest, youngest, like maybe two years old right now, I think.


Love Sean Combs a baby girl that Diddy shares. With. A woman named Dana Tran. Some sources describe her as a model. Other sources state. She's a cybersecurity expert regardless. She was born in 2022. He actually just posted an Instagram photo. For her while he's in prison. Yeah, Like he post the Instagram photo of the 2-year-old baby. Yes. It's her birthday. It was recently her Birthday. Wow. How does he, how does he, I'm Sure someone Instagram, maybe someone would, did it For him? Oh yeah. Okay. Nobody really knew that Diddy was even expecting another child. In fact, most NEDs thought that he was in a interesting relationship. With, young Miami of city girls. But he just like randomly posted on Twitter. I'm so blessed to welcome my baby girl.


Love Sean. Combs into the world. God is the greatest. Yeah. So I will say, out of the seven kids, aside from Christian And, Justin, who have been named in lawsuits, How old are they now? Sean? Oh, I think Justin is 30. Christian is 25, 26. Oh, okay. Quincy's. Even older. Okay. And. Then Chance just turned 18, if I'm not mistaken. Okay. Yeah. So particularly With, the girls, And, the youngest kids, there's rightfully a lot of sympathy out there from For them from the public, because likely they don't know what's going on behind closed doors. And, if anything, I'm sure if even All Book, About of that controlling behavior from Diddy was in his parenting. It couldn't have been easy just growing up.


With, the media, the press And, it's definitely not easy. For them now, With, unfortunately, the whole situation, And I don't know how good of a father Diddy was. They state that he was a very good father. But Diddy once told a reporter, somebody gave me multiple choices early on. Have a smooth working relationship, have a personal life, or be in the music industry. I chose be in the music industry. He also told another vibe reporter once. Anything I've wanted, I can say I've gotten it. Diddy was born in Harlem. His father was allegedly an associate of a legendary heroin kingpin, Frank Lucas. But he was unfortunately murdered in the seventies, which means Diddy And his mom.


They're left to fend For themselves. And Diddy says in an interview, he remembers waking up in Harlem one day. There were just so many roaches on my face. And I was like, no, I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna get outta here. I'm gonna be somebody. He later states in another interview, there was 15 roaches on his face. To which P. He says, people was like, how do you know it's 15? I was like, if you have 15 roaches on your face, you would know it was around 15 roaches on your face. He says, my first job was a paperboy. I was a busboy. They wouldn't even Let me be a waiter. Do you know what I'm saying? I wanted to be a waiter so bad. But I just always had that hustle. Even being a paper boy, he said he's not gonna do it like everybody else. He states that when you're a paper boy, you get your predetermined route.


You make about a dollar per paper you deliver. But because you only get a certain number of houses in your route, you're capped out. But did he thought, what if I'm not capped out? He goes, reaches out to all the paper boys in the neighboring areas. I have a proposal. You Let me, deliver your papers. For you. You do nothing. And. We split the profits. Sure, you could make a dollar a paper. And, you're working all day, or you could make 50 cents a paper. And do nothing. He said, even though his dad was murdered when he was a toddler. Quote, even if we don't know our parents, we still have their DNA in us. We have their genes. I have his hustler's mentality, his hustler spirit, his drive, his determination, his swag. He starts off And. He later tells Forbes, I ain't fooling around.


I'm building assets. He says, I had to go in knowing I'm gonna be the greatest. I still have to say that to myself. And, I have to believe that at the end of the day, I'm gonna be the greatest. At first, I was shy. Then one day I realized that shy shit isn't gonna get me anywhere in this life. Right here in this world. Sometimes people say I'm cocky, And, arrogant. But that's what comes With it. He also talks about obstacles. And, how he loves challenges. He says it's like this mountain is three times bigger in front of us. He's got a volcano coming down. Rocks, avalanches, And. You're like, yo, do you wanna climb this mountain or do you just wanna go find shelter And, ride this thing out. And just die And. He loves money. maybe he gets it from his dad, but he loves money.


And. He's skilled at making it. He was estimated to be worth close to a billion dollars. His estimated earnings in 2023 alone are ballpark to be around $90 million making him Forbes. Number 14, highest paid entertainer after Jay-Z Kanye West, the creators of South Park. Dwayne the Rock Johnson And. Reese Witherspoon. What? How? Like what? Where's the money coming from? He had a tequila line that he got a big payout For as well. Ah, yes. I see. Now, just to give you context on how much $90 million is, that's about a quarter million dollars a day. He's also very skilled at enjoying his money. He owns that private jet that cost him 60 million.


A real estate portfolio nearing a hundred million he owns. Right. So he has a $60 million private jet, right? Yes. Was that you say the last time you say the jet disappeared from the navigation system, right? The tracking, yes. Like, Oh, it was recently spotted in New Zealand. People saw a picture of it because it's Matt Black And. It's, yeah. Oh, so With it like what happened? He just removed it from the system. Yes. And, his lawyers are telling the judges that he's willing to sell his private jet to show the judge that he's not at flight risk. So please give him bail. The judge said no. Yeah. Okay. I see He, He owns a massive painting that he bought at auction For, $21 million.


It's an original Kerry James Marshall. It's incredibly beautiful. He owns original Andy Warhol's. Keith Herrings. There was one time he was being interviewed talking about how excited he is about being a father. And being pre Kim was pregnant. With twins. Conan O'Brien was like, are you registered With kids are us. To which did he look slightly offended. And tells him he's registered at Mercedes, which is likely a joke, but still very extravagant. Nonetheless. He had a famous butler once who would walk around just holding a umbrella over his head. His name was Fonzworth Bentley And. Some people think that he was Diddy's alleged boyfriend. I dunno. I dunno. There's a lot of rumors out there. Okay. But yeah, he would just like walk around With this umbrella. And. Recently, prior to his arrest, Diddy just announced that he purchased two of the largest cannabis companies in the country.


For nearly $200 million making him the owner of the largest black owned cannabis company in the us. Wow. I Dunno what's gonna happen to that now. But he would also say things like, I don't wanna make the most money. I wanna be known For giving the most money away. I feel I've heard that a few times. SPF. Oh yeah, yeah. Which he's sharing. Is that true? Sharing the sale. With. Yeah. Sharing the same unit. With Diddy, the crypto fraud of FTX Crypto. Yeah. Yeah. He is in the same detention center in Brooklyn, And. They actually share the same attorney, which we will cover in part four. maybe They would best buds.


He said in a previous interview, I'm the one driving around in the Rolls Royce With, this hat turned going down Fifth Avenue, With, the music, booming in the back, walking into Gucci, shutting down the store, buying everything at the motherfucking same time, driving up to Harlem And, giving out a hundred dollars bills to homeless people. I'm not gonna lie to you. I had a taste of wealth. And I was gonna do anything I could to protect that. I just remember these days of roaches crawling on me. And. It's just like, I need to focus on this money right now. 'cause nobody else has the opportunity that I have. Which again, not a controversial statement, but a source close to Diddy, almost alluding to that says that to Diddy. It's not even just about money, it's about power. And ultimately appears that Diddy wants power.


They say this about him. There's a certain narcissism, And attitude of objectifying, not just women, but all people And wanting to be With. Other men who enjoyed making And, moving people around like chess pieces. Who said this? An insider source. But did he claims that the only thing that got him to be worth close to a billion dollars is the credit goes to being a father. Fatherhood taught him patience. And grace. Wow. And, I'm sure he believes he's a great father, which is why his son, Christian Combs is getting sued by Grace. The yacht stewardess who claimed she was essayed by Christian Combs while working on the victorious yacht December of 2022.


Grace was 25 at the time. He was 24 at the time. And, honestly, her lawyer had it out. For Christian. They write it in the lawsuit. Defendant Christian Combs is a 25-year-old auto-tuned And, heavily edited wrapper. Unfortunately, as the saying has that the apple does not fall far from the tree. Defendant c Combs, Christian Combs, who has seemingly taken after his father, And the family business of reckless partying, drugging others sexual violence, And, other illegal conduct. She alleges paraphrasing here, but like the lot of the whole family were weird. The lawsuit alleges a constant rotation of suspected sex workers. And a-list. Celebrities were rotating on the yacht. Staff are often treated With disrespect.


It created an extremely hazardous environment. Also, in the lawsuit, there's this really weird part where Grace alleges in the lawsuit that she was tending to the yacht. And I. Guess the family. They were all paying, playing a game. And. I don't know who was present during this game, but it seems that Diddy And, his mom, Janice, were present. Janice Combs, And, I. Don't know if Diddy was dared, but somehow the conversation And the game leads to him taken off his pants so that his private parts are exposed And. He's sitting right next to his mom. And. He does it, which is definitely strange. Now, side note, a lot of people think his relationship With, his mom is strange. A new clip has surfaced where Diddy is With, his mom, And.


They're both hooked up on IVs, which Cassie has included in her lawsuit that after freak offs, They would need to get IVs the next day from all the drug usage. I'm just saying that's a parallel. It's been alleged by Cassie that, you know, And, these could be completely different things. You know, not everyone who gets IVs do freak offs. So in the video, he introduces his mom, And kisses her on the lips, which is inherently not sexual. I guess it depends on each person's boundaries, but it's just, it's just weird. He also apparently brags about his mom, And taking his mom to strip clubs. So there's that Gene, the former bodyguard says the two of them have a fascinating relationship.


He brings up an allegation that has been circulating recently that Diddy's mother owned a modeling agency when he was younger. So after his father was killed, they need go make money. So she opens up a modeling agency. But the allegation is that perhaps during the day, it's a modeling agency. Perhaps at night it's sex work. The some further allegations alleged that she was running a full on brothel out of their home when Diddy was a kid. Gene, the former bodyguard, just brings up what he claims he saw And, what he thought was strange about Diddy And, his mom's relationship. One, he claims Diddy would describe his mother in odd potentially sexual ways, bragging about how she can stand up And bend over, And put her palms on the ground.


But it was, I guess in a sexual context, it was weird what allegedly two They would kiss on the lips, which is evidenced by the livestream. Three. He alleges his mom would wear the same white nail polish that Cassie alleged Diddy would like to see during freak offs. Which side note, if you listen to part one of this four part series, you know that another alleged girlfriend of Diddy's went on a podcast to allege that she was abused by him. She also had on white nail polish. Some people have pointed to the fact that young Miami of city girls, when she was dating Diddy had white nail polish on. So there's just a lot of that. Gene continues to allege. What's crazy to me is that him And, his mother had this, I don't wanna get too deep, man.


This Oedipus complex thing. Side note, the Oedipus complex is a theory that children will feel feelings of desire towards their opposite sex. Parents, For boys. There are unconscious sexual attractions towards the mother, which creates a hostility. With the father, And vice versa, whom they just view same sex parents as their rival is the theory. Jean continues, I'm looking at him And, his mother on the couch. Both of them are getting IVs after one of Diddy's parties, allegedly, because I wasn't there. I wouldn't know. My whole thing about this thing is, I'm not saying she was ever at a freak off or she was ever at that type of party. But you can't tell me Ms. Janice Combs, who is always at the regular parties, didn't know nothing about the freak off parties.


That's what Gene says. Gene says he's not saying anything because he doesn't know. He didn't see anything. But he does seem to have a complicated relationship. With his mom if Gene's stories are true. But he also says that he's very aggressive towards his mom. Sometimes he heard, allegedly heard Diddy just snap at his mom. Didn't I tell you to stay at my motherfucking business going off on her? Allegedly. But I digress. Grace alleges in her lawsuit that one night Christian Combs came via tender. So Tender is a small boat that takes people from the boat to the land, from the main yacht to the land. And back And forth like a little water taxi. He comes middle of the night. She's on the night shift. So there's only like two people working the whole boat at night because most people are asleep.


Yeah, he seemed already high from narcotics, And, alcohol. She claimed that he was ordering her to pour him shots while he was playing Me. And You by Cassie? Yes, by Cassie Ventura. This isn't is in 2022. This song would've been over a decade old And. This is his dad's ex-girlfriend. Wow. Yeah. It's weird. And. They had broken up by this point. Yeah. So anyway, that night, grace alleges she noticed Christian being more attentive to her, which she didn't like. It didn't feel appropriate. And. He keeps insisting that she take a shot, With him, which is not the most uncommon thing, although she didn't want to. She thought, well, if I just take one shot, he's gonna Let me. Go back.


And, Let me, do my damn job. But no, she takes a shot, And. He keeps asking her to sit beside him, help keep him company. Which of course is not in her job description. Nor does she want to. She remains polite. And insists on leaving, but he's getting more aggressive, grabbing her arm violently, insisting more shots, more shots. This is nighttime. She barely has any crew members. She can't find help right now. And, she's starting to feel the effects of this one shot. She thought it was spiked. The situation escalates. Grace alleges Christian starts touching her on her private areas over her clothing. And tried kissing her on the neck, And face And, everyone, everything And, everyone starts blurring around her. She feels drugged. Christian And, his attorneys have denied the allegations. And have called the lawsuit Lewd, And, meritless.


Whereas Diddy's attorneys have stated that they haven't seen the claims yet. But quote. But we can expect the same kind of manufactured lies. But a lot of ENTs are having a hard time believing that when there is an alleged audio clip transcribed into the lawsuit. So I'm assuming her attorneys have the actual audio that has not been released to the public, but it's been transcribed into the lawsuit. The audio clip was recorded by Rodney Jones, a producer Little Rod that was brought on that yacht to help create Diddy's newest album that was released in 2023. Ironically named the Love album. Rodney Jones was allegedly ordered to record everything. Ordered by who?


Diddy record everything. For the creative process, but also potentially For, a Hulu show, Like a camera And everything. Tape rolling type of thing. Just on his phone. Okay. Because I guess they could include it into shows or into music videos. Okay. There's an audio recording of the alleged essay. Christian is, yeah, And Christian is telling Grace. Yo, it's shot o'clock. Are you talking about this is happening at night? That That first night? Yes. That he came out. Yeah. And Little Raw was recording. There's an audio recording. I don't know if he was in the room. Yeah, but he has the recording. And I. Guess he gave it to Grace later. Oh, like he had cameras, And stuff. Yes.


Set up. That's recording. Whoa. Now Little Rod will sue Diddy as well, which we'll get into right after this. Hmm. Which And? Christian says, yo, it's shot o'clock. Grace responds. I mean. No, I'm not doing shots. Christian. Everybody, we gotta take a shot. I'll just put the, put the ledge. No, no. Take the whole thing. No, you take it as well. Christian tells her, no, no, take the whole thing. Take the whole thing. Grace keeps saying I'll take the whole shot if you take it as well. So it's likely she said this because she thought it was spiked at this point. Mm. So it's like you take the shot from the same bottle then. Yeah, And. He said, I ain't gonna lie. I'm not taking nothing. Please, please take the shot. And. She asks, are you drugging me?


That is terrifying. Yeah. And, he responds, take the shot. Hey up. Play another beat one time. So I guess maybe the rod is in the room. Someone's in the room. And. They start playing me. And you in the background by Cassie. Grace tells him I can't, I'm swapping out. I can't do it. I'm sorry darling. Nah, we need you. I'm gonna stop. I have to go. I have to go. Honestly, I'm already losing sleep. I have to go now. You are the best one on the ship though. What do you mean? Who's gonna replace you? Who's gonna replace me? Which sounds like a threat of firing her. If I'm, if I'm not mistaken. Or it could be. Who's gonna replace her tonight? I don't know. But it's, that's what the transcript shows. Grace continues. Excuse me. You don't touch my legs like that.


I'll move my legs where I want to. If you wanna do this, then I will. You don't touch my legs like that later. Grace states again. Well, you can take your hand off my ass. For. The first thing, Wow. This part wasn't recorded, but she recalls later that night, Christian kept asking her to find him a place to sleep, which there were no more spare state rooms. And cabins, And. He refused to go back to shore. 'cause I think him And. Justin had their own place on shore. So she leads him to the cinema because sometimes people would crash there. So she leads him there. And sets up a spot, For him to sleep, which is her job. And. He allegedly blocks her from exiting. She states he became aggressive. And started cornering her, groping her.


She was pushing him back. He took off his clothing. And revealed his private parts while allegedly forcing her to try And, get her to go down, pushing her head down. She fought him off. And finally runs out of the cinema And. Immediately the next morning she complained to the yachts captain, but the captain did not care. What's Wilder is Grace alleges that Diddy's employees, her, his chief of staff, who is right now being compared to Ghislaine Maxwell, Who's chief of staff. Diddy's chief of staff, like his right hand woman. Oh, okay. Is being a being compared to Ghislaine Maxwell, which we did cover the Epstein case by the way. She found out about it, allegedly told Diddy And. Instead of Diddy being a good father like he claims to be, And, set the record straight.


Go to the police, figure it out. Discipline Christian to him in whatever it needs. He just pays off the captain to keep him quiet. And not corroborate. Grace's story, if you will, And. Eventually she was terminated by that captain. It does appear that Grace likely has a strong case considering there's audio from that night. But that brings us to Rodney Jones, the producer that gave Grace the audio. He has also filed a lawsuit against Diddy.


Worried about letting someone else pick out the perfect avocado. For your perfect, impress them on the third date. Guacamole. Well, good thing Instacart shoppers are as picky as you are. They find ripe avocados like it's their guac on the line. They are milk expiration date detectives. They bag eggs like the 12 precious pieces of cargo. They are so Let Instacart shoppers. Overthink your groceries so that you can overthink what you'll wear on that third date. Download the Instacart app to get free delivery on your first three orders while supplies last. Minimum $10 per order. Additional term supply


Streaming only on Peacock being With Finch felt like I was in some fairy tale. I write For Grey's Anatomy. I was like, what? Her writing was so highly regarded because Finch had been through so much A Hollywood writer's life. When You love somebody, you ignore red flags. So they're hitting me in the head Filled With fiction. She would do whatever it takes to get Ahead. She saw her life like a TV series. I don't know who my wife is. Anatomy of Lies streaming October 15th, only on Peacock. It was all a lie.


I, His lawsuit alleges that he was brought on to produce Diddy's 2023 album, the Love album Off the Grid. And. His life has fallen apart since For. Over a year. He worked to help produce nine songs on Diddy's album. He states that Diddy always wanted him around to record everything in case he has a spark of creative genius. I guess he would live With Diddy, For months spending holidays, With him, leaving his family to work on this And. He claims because of Diddy's insistence of having everything recorded, he now has hundreds of hours of Diddy's footage, And audio recordings, And. Many of those allegedly depict them engaging in seriously illegal activity.


Which I mean. The Feds are gonna have a field day With those files if he really does have those files. But that's so fascinating. Why would Diddy want him to do that? Yeah, I think he, Maybe his like head is getting way too big. I think so. The alleged criminal activity, according to the lawsuit, include drug usage, And, distribution of ecstasy, cocaine, ketamine, GHB, marijuana, And, mushrooms displaying And distribution of unregistered illegal firearms. Diddy providing laced alcoholic beverages to minors, And sex workers, Christian Combs, drugging And, assaulting a woman, Mr. Combs Diddy detailing how he planned to leverage his relationship. With famous pastor, TD Jakes to do damage control.


Oh yeah, TT Jakes. Yes. Okay. Yeah. He told Little Rod, allegedly that he uses him to like do damage control. Whoa. Which I personally, in my opinion, I would find that a little believable. With his constant bringing up of God while he's doing, allegedly very demonic stuff. It's like Right. The guilt he always bring up. Yeah. He also alleges in his lawsuit that young Miami of city girls, her cousin Essayed him, that actor Cuba. Cuba Gooding Jr. Essayed him. And assaulted him. That redacted rapper. The the name is redacted on the lawsuit. Redacted rapper on the yacht was Consorting With, underage girls Redacted.


R And. B Singer in Diddy's la Home was Consorting With, underage girls, And sex workers. So these are the serious criminal allegations that he's bringing forth in his lawsuit. He claims he witnessed the Combs family allegedly potentially maybe shoot someone, which we will cover that more in part three. But Rodney Jones alleges in his lawsuit throughout his time living With, Mr. Combs, Mr. Jones was the victim of constant unsolicited And, unauthorized groping, And, touching of his anus by Mr. Combs. A brief list of allegations further include. Now again, these are allegations. Diddy would shower, And, walk around naked while forcing Rodney Jones to work in the bathroom, which is already odd. Rodney said that he told this chief of staff, Christina Corrum, who is now being compared to Ghislaine, that he was very uncomfortable, but she just downplayed it all as friendly.


Horse Horseplaying. That's just Diddy's way of showing. He likes you. What's Horseplaying Like? You know boys will be boys. Horse playing is like play fighting. Wow. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't even give that excuse if I had a son who's seven Let alone. A middle aged man. Ronnie said his idol in life has always been Stevie J, the musical artist. Which by the way, again, these are allegations brought forth by his lawsuit. That is publicly available online. I don't know these people. Which Diddy then allegedly shows him a clip of Stevie J having intimate relations. With a man, With a condom. There are screenshots included in the lawsuit Of the video.


Yeah. Whoa. I don't know. Look, it's in the lawsuit. Rodney says Diddy was trying to use this as a way to get him to do what he wanted to do, which was sexual activities, With other men. According to him, Diddy said, this is normal practice in the industry. Look, even Stevie J is doing it. He states that Diddy promised him to win a Grammy For producer of the year if he engaged in gay intimate relations. Another allegation is that during Thanksgiving 2022, young Miami of city girls, her cousin was present at Diddy's gathering And. He alleges while he was using the restroom, her cousin just burst in through the room to the bathroom. And starts groping him. He believes Diddy sent her to do this. She begins performing oral on him where he alleges he pushes her off.


And exits the bathroom, but she's not done. He goes out to the main area where everybody else is. There's staff, there's Diddy. There's allegedly young Miami there, And. She just starts undressing, attempting to straddle him in front of everybody. He states once again, he pushed her off. He further alleges that he was forced to solicit sex workers. And perform sex acts to pleasure Diddy. It's unclear if it's, if it's the same setup of a freak off, but it sounds kind of like it. He once states that he woke up dizzy, And, confused. He was naked, looked around And. He was in bed. With two sex workers And Mr. Combs. It's unclear what happened that night. Rodney Jones alleges that once did he allegedly threatened cannibalism on him. Question mark. The lawsuit reads, Mr. Combs would switch up his approach.


He would go from promising Mr. Jones, the world to threatening Mr. Jones. With physical harm. Mr. Combs threatened to eat Mr. Jones' face And informed Mr. Jones that he's willing to kill his own mother, Janice Combs, if he must, in order to get what he wants, so he wouldn't think twice to harm Mr. Jones. The lawsuit states that at parties, Justin, the eldest biological son, that he has With, Misa, Hilton And. Sean would have minors under the age of 16 present. He alleges Diddy would force him to all drink the Deion tequila, which he believed to be laced With ecstasy. The presence of underage woman allegedly made him very uncomfortable. So, so he has all the recordings? Yes. I don't know if all of these instances were recorded, however, I will say believe all victims, but in the court of law, there are some cases that are inevitably going to be stronger because there's a lot of evidence that comes With it, his court, his lawsuit has lots of pictures.


So I am, I'm leaning towards the belief that he does have a lot of footage. Mm. And I'm leaning towards the belief that he is working With the feds. Mm. Yeah. I see. So, but this, this will be like more investigated And, And all. Yes. Figure it out. Now, some people actually speculate that Cassie's lawsuit was not the one that kickstarted the Fed investigation. It was his, that maybe he had started working With. The Feds filed his own lawsuit. And, the Feds publicly started getting involved. When Was his lawsuit filed? A few months after Cassie's. Oh yeah. Hmm. He brings up more of like the Ricoh conspiracies, the racketeering, which the Feds take very seriously.


Whereas For, Cassie's, I think it's more focused on the sex trafficking. Hmm. Yeah. Which, obviously, sex trafficking is more serious. But, you know, America, the presence of the underage woman made Mr. Jones very uncomfortable. He attempted to leave, but did, he went as far as stealing his car keys to prevent him from leaving. He was forced to take shots. And. He woke up naked With a sex worker next to him. Now, side note, he alleges that Justin Combs would partake in those freak offs. He has also included pictures of Diddy kissing, who he claims are underage women at his party. I say alleged. The picture is there, but it's unclear if they're underage. Mm. The lawsuit continues. It is no secret that Mr. Combs had specific bottles of alcohol designated For, females, And, other bottles designated For.


His staff, his artists, And himself. This fact was detailed by former artists, And bodyguards of Mr. Combs. Mr. Combs would even have sets of Moe Champagne bottles, For, his artists And, a set For women. He also alleges that Diddy's chief of staff instructed employees to lace, liquor bottles, With, ecstasy, And, other illicit drugs. And. All the staff would have to walk around With pink cocaine, which is a mixture of ecstasy, And, cocaine in their pockets. Because Diddy would freak out if he didn't have pink cocaine. With arm's reach at all times. Wow. That's what he alleges. He also likens the chief of staff, Christina, as Ghislaine Maxwell. In his lawsuit, he claims Mr. Combs possesses compromising footage of every person that has attended his freak off parties, And his house parties, due to his treasure trove of evidence he has in his possession.


Mr. Combs believes that he is above the law, And untouchable. Now, like I said, in the lawsuit, there were those photos of Stevie J. But do that With what you will. I don't know. It it, it's very unclear what he's doing in the screenshots. He's shirtless. It's unclear if you can even say definitively if it's him, but, Okay, I see. But that would be a crazy accusation to make if you didn't believe that to be a hundred percent true. Like speaking from Rodney Jones'. Fact. 'cause even including that, he must believe it's a hundred percent true, or it is true, because think about the repercussions. Sure. Yeah. Rodney Jones also alleges that Mr. Jones was forced to watch.


As Mr. Combs displayed his guns. And bragged about getting away With shooting people. He also shared that he was the one responsible For the shooting in the nightclub in New York City, With rapper Shine the one With. J-Lo. Mr. Cums has made it clear that his head of security had the power to make people And problems disappear. Little Rod would say about Diddy, he's a monster. He will do whatever is necessary to get exactly what he wants. He doesn't take no For an answer. Here I am standing up For, justice For, what I believe is right, For my life, And, I'm being punished. For that I've had many nights, And weeks, And, months of self exit thoughts. It's the music that has kept me living all my life. He said, he is paranoid about what could possibly happen to him.


He's hired security to protect him. He said, during a recent performance, my anxiety was out through the roof. I saw different guys backstage. I didn't know And. I got scared. I wondered where the security was. It made me very uncomfortable. It's not a good feeling wondering if someone is there to attack me. If all alleged in the lawsuit is true, it is clear that anyone who crosses Diddy should be very scared. November 15th, 2018, 47-year-old Kim, Porter is found dead in her home. Her goddaughter found her in the bed at around 8:30 AM She assumed she was sleeping in that morning, but then checked again at around 11, three hours later, And, she hadn't moved.


She freaked out, called 9 1 1. Authorities rushed to the scene. They see Kim laying motionless in bed next to Kim's bed on her nightstand, bottles of water, sports drinks, Pedialyte, as well as what appeared to be a bowl of tomato soup. She was declared dead. 11:40 AM The call came in as a report that someone was in cardiac arrest. Kim had apparently not been feeling well, For the past few days. Honestly, weeks had said that she had pneumonia or symptoms of, of flu. She didn't know at the time. She was just not feeling well. She tried to get it treated. With, saline, vitamins. She went to bed early the night before she was found alarmingly. She told someone that she had a mild streak of blood in her phlegm when coughing, but it does not appear that it came back.


She was on antibiotics, IV fluids, And. Then, unfortunately, she passed away. Diddy says, the day Kim passed, he quote, jumped into mommy mode. I sent people in every direction to try And, make sure the kids would not hear about it on social media or the news. I had to get the girls from the school. I had to find Quincy who was on set in Atlanta. Christian who was on a plane. I had to get his phone disconnected so he couldn't read it on the air. There was screaming And crying when I heard the news, of course. But I had to ask myself, what would Kim do? I was scared. I mean I was crying out to God. And to her And. Immediately, almost immediately, Kim's voice kicked in And. I could hear her saying, make sure you take care of my babies. He would later say that day. That day turned my world upside down. Three days before she passed, she wasn't feeling well.


She had the flu And. She sent the kids over to my house so they wouldn't get sick. And. One night I was checking on her And. She was like, puffy, take care of my babies. She actually said that to me. Before she died. He held a memorial at his home where Kim Kardashian, KLO Kardashian, French, Montana, And, other high profile celebrities were in attendance. He says this about his relationship. With, Kim, Porter. Whenever I was around her, I felt like God had his hand in it. I always felt like God had sent her. Nobody could love me the way she loved me. Especially as you know, as crazy as I acted. I mean she loved me through some real shit. He would later state in a public statement about her. God broke the mold. When he made Kim. There was truly no other woman like her.


God sent her to teach me something. Which side note is already kind of an odd statement. That doesn't sit well, With a lot of people. No woman exists to teach a man something. But I digress. He continues. There's levels, And dimensions to love, And, especially love between a man, And a woman. There's this place that almost goes beyond friendship. It's like where two people actually feel like a level of responsibility to love this person forever. And, total trust. And I was like, man, you had it. I'm not saying I would do anything differently. God willing, I just wish I had more time. You know, I look at my life as I got a second chance. I'm on my second mountain. At her funeral, he would say, some people in your life, it's gonna be irreplaceable, Kim.


We're gonna miss you so much. But I'm not gonna miss you too much because I'm not gonna Let your voice inside me. Stop talking. I know you like to talk to me a lot. Once you get on those rants, And I, just want you to know that I'm gonna be listening. I What is Kim's official cause of death? Her cause of death is considered natural. Yeah. What We'll get to it. So he does all these tributes to Kim And. This is gonna be kind of strange when you listen to the next part of this series, because he does a lot of tributes to a lot of people who pass, which I guess is normal if you're an artist. But still, yeah. He would even de dedicate a track named after her on his new album that was released in 2023, the Love album where he says this.


It's like I'm going through a midlife crisis, being a single father, raising three teenage girls, but it's love, And, nothing else. I truly feel like this is God's way of making into the best human I can become And. It's life changing. I always said that I couldn't make a hit record unless my heart is broken. It's just like a vulnerable state that you're in. When I lost Kim, it broke my heart forever. A close friend of his said about Diddy's tribute to Kim after Kim. He was trying to find purpose And. Nothing feeds his soul like music. He also says about therapy. Therapy probably likely really saved my brain, because when you have a genius brain, it's also a crazy brain.


Yeah, of course, there are questions of how someone just passes away like that. Seemingly out of nowhere, she was healthy, suddenly caught pneumonia, which if you have preexisting conditions, if you are of older age, if you have low immune cyst, low immunity, if you have other health complications, pneumonia could be fatal. But it's not considered this deadly thing. So it's just not as many people pass away from Pneumonia is like it's treatable, right? Yes. Is the net isin sentiment. And. Again, I'm not saying nobody has fatal or life altering consequences from pneumonia, but it's just not typically known to be this very terrifying, fatal condition.


Now, it was later determined that Porter Kim Porter had died from lobar pneumonia. The manner of death listed on her autopsy is natural. Detectives told the media that police do not suspect foul play. In addition, Diddy has been extremely cooperative. Some medicines were agreeing With the sentiment, pointing out how prior to her death, she seemed like she was in a good place. With Diddy, in honor of his 49th birthday, which was a week before her death, she posted on Instagram, happy Birthday Diddy. On this day, a genius was born. May you continue to be the driving force of energy that God created you to be. Thank you For giving me the best gifts of life. Our children, but a lot of others don't think that she died of a natural death, but who are we?


We're just people on the internet. Some have stated, you know what else gives you pneumonia? This is a recent conspiracy lately, accidentally inhaling baby oil. There are lots of conspiracies that there is no way that Kim died of pneumonia. Gene deal. The former bodyguard said, that case needs to be reopened. Man, that case really needs to be reopened. He alleges that Kim was found dead With bruises throughout her body. And interestingly, he claims nobody knows to this day where Kim Porter's phone is, which is odd. He also alleges that it's strange. This was in 2018. So they have the cloud. They have all these things. Why didn't anyone go in And try to investigated her last text, or where her phone location is? Why can't they find my iPhone?


He also states that her tablet, And computer, have gone missing since they found her dead, which I'm not privy to any specific information like this. I'm just giving you his allegations. He says, find my phone. Nobody tried to find her phone. He's asked you personally, what do you think happened to Kim? Porter? Jean deal responds. I'm not a medical professional, nor was I an investigator on that case, but I don't believe that an individual With her. I wanna say financial status would lay up in that house. And die of pneumonia, With a doctor or some kind of medical person responsible. Someone With enough money that they could get half the hospital to come to the house. I think there may have been some, I guess, foul play, because if you knew what I knew, he put Kim in a gold casket.


Then he has security, 24 hour security at the funeral home. So nobody would go in there. And take Kim outta there. I think they should reopen her case. And, have an independent pathologist look at everything about her so she can rest in peace. He also brings up how many sources state that she received a massage because she wasn't feeling well the night before her passing. He points out, that's so weird. Who gets a massage when they have pneumonia? You don't want people touching you if you have the flu. You're like, don't touch me. I wanna lay here. Yes, nobody moved my body. He also brings up, again, these are his viewpoints. But someone needs to look into, if they used baby oil during the massage, is what he states. Because there are now allegations circulating that the baby oil was laced With something.


So you feel like she was murdered. I feel like there was a lot of foul play in her death. A lot of foul play. He's asked, but why would someone want Kim Porter dead? He responds very ominously. There's a couple of women in this industry, And For their sake. I will not mention their names. Listen to me. There are a couple of women, probably more than a handful or two, but I know about four of them that knows everybody's Dirty Secrets. And. If those secrets get exposed, And tell what some of those guys, And, some of these people were really doing behind closed doors in those boardrooms, in And, out of the closet, their life would be in danger because men wasn't men.


And. Women were acting like men. And. That's all I'm gonna say. But he does not believe the Amazon book is Kim's diary entries or in any way related to Kim. He says, if you've seen excerpts from that book, then you know Kim didn't write this book. If you know Kim And, you've been around Kim. Wait, So this guy, gene, what's his Name? Gene. Gene deal. Gene Deal was a bodyguard during the time of Kim Porter. Yes. So he was actually a bodyguard. For, a lot of famous musicians, And executives. He was well known in the industry. He, because he, he doubled as a cop. He worked as a child abuse investigator, as well as a probation officer. For most of his life. So people really liked him because he, he very clean cut is the vibe.


Mm. He's a big dude. He seems very trustworthy. And, sturdy as a bodyguard. Hmm. So he gets hired by Diddy when Diddy is dating Kim, Porter And. He says that Diddy never really ever hit Kim Porter in front of him, but he would hear from the other bodyguards. So For him. His perception, his allegation is that Diddy only does things, With people. He thinks he can get away. With And For him because he has a job as a cop. He's saying, if I see Diddy hit anyone, I'm arresting Diddy because I'm not trying to lose my pension. Right. I'm not trying to lose my job as a cop. Mm. So he knows that. I'm not gonna put up With it. He said that Diddy once cussed out his mom in the car, And.


He went off on Diddy. And was like, you don't talk to your mother like that. Wow. But then he later heard, allegedly from other bodyguards that Diddy was like slapping his mom in the face. But it never happened when he was there. Wow. Yeah. And, he's, he's been pretty vocal. And. His story has never really changed. It appears so. A lot of ENTs find him credible. But again, that's an opinion. These are allegations. He says, And, if you've been around Kim, if she was gonna do a book, she wouldn't have included all those things talking sexually like that. She's got two boys, two girls, And. She was a mother first. She wasn't gonna say the stuff that she was saying And about Puff in a manner that was written in that book. It seems to me that whoever wrote the book was really out to get Diddy.


And did it in whatever means possible. But disrespecting Kim And who she was as a mother, I don't think that's right. I think she deserves better. Side note, it does not appear that Diddy has filed a lawsuit against Gene Deal, which a lot of people think add to his credibility, which is again, just an opinion. One that is in comment reads the fact that Diddy hasn't yet filed a lawsuit against Gene Deal With. all the things he said about Diddy is the most telling realization of all. Some people now believe that Kim Porter's death needs to be Reinvestigated. But they also believe that she's the one that wrote that memoir on Amazon. Again, I can't dictate what others believe. I'm just telling you what's out there. Some believe that that memoir is real. They point to an interview that was done in 20 20 12, so six years before her death, where in the interview, Kim talks about wanting to write a book.


I will say, it doesn't appear that she's referencing a memoir or any sort of tell all book at all. She says, I'm not part of Hop directly. I'm not a rapper, obviously, or anything like that. But I've been in the business. I've been around the business. So to kind of see these things that the guys have done, they've taken rap music, past music. It's become a phenomenon. It's a culture. For me. I just, I wanted to present something beautiful. And package. It almost like an ode to them. For, what they've done. Some citizens think that she's just using that as a cover to write a memoir. Now, some medicine comments read. If this book is false, how come the author hasn't been sued? I mean, I really hope it's fake though. 'cause there's a lot of crazy shit in there.


Another comment reads, the more that I listen to folk coming up against the book, the more I believe in its authenticity. Others referenced Chris Todd's interviews And. They say, this man got too much confidence not to have proof that Kim wrote this book. He got some type of proof somewhere because he just has too much confidence. Another says, what if a close friend of Kim's had the actual book And Flash Drives? But he is just too scared to come out because they're too interconnected. And is using this man as a front. Guys. Think about it. Another comment reads, this is a lot of shit to make up. I can see some things being true, but who knows. Then there's another group of people that, yes, they want her death to be investigated, but they don't believe that she wrote that book on Amazon.


They comment that book. At first glance, this reeks of a shamelessly fabricated cash grab attempt. I don't know. It just seems a little too convenient. And, the stories that I've seen excerpts of appear to be someone just wildly, wildly producing sensationalized garbage, And toxic, gossipy bullshit. I hope For the sake of any potential victims that these things did not occur. Another one, comments. This book seems like it was written by chat, GPT or something. Others have been very happy that it's been since pulled from Amazon stating, I'm glad they took it off Amazon. The nerve of that fraud. RIP Kim, but fueling conspiracies around Kim's death. I'll be sure. Kim's previous partner, the father of her first child, has made a statement in it.


He basically insinuates two things. One, that Diddy might have something to do. With Kim's death. And two, that Diddy might have put him in a coma. Okay. Wait, who? Yeah. There's a lot going, going On. Wait, who he is? Quincy's dad. The first husband? Yes. Artist. He's a well-known artist back in the day. Okay, I'll be sure. Yeah. There's a lot going on. But in an Instagram post now, he states in 2024, Kim, And. I talked right up to a few days prior to her demise. She was in good health. And. We were in such a great friend space, reminiscing about old times And, celebrating the news of our son's accomplishments. In a nutshell, Kimberly was allegedly taken from us because she was set on a course to accomplish what Miss Cassie Ventura did.


By igniting the bonfire, which brings us here today, With the avalanche that has brought s ton to their chambers. He also hashtag's F-B-I-D-O-J, department of Justice, as well as the C-I-A-D-E-A-N-Y-P-D-L-A-P-D. He has called For a quote, investigation into an entire group of individuals who worked out or around the residence of Ms. Kimberly Porter. Because, quote, the individuals involved in this matter may also be connected to also concealing the alleged murders of several prominent artists. He's alluding to Tupac And Biggie, which we will talk about in the next one. Side note, I'll be sure. Interestingly enough, believes that Kim was working on a book to expose Diddy.


That's why she was allegedly taken too soon before she could expose him in a book. But later, someone stole her computer, edited her diary, And. Then later someone stole her computer, is what he alleges. But he doesn't think that that Amazon book is the book. 'cause everyone's saying the way that the book is written is just not the way that Kim Porter speaks. Yeah. And. Then like things, there's like factual inaccuracies. Even the Bodyguard doesn't think it's the book. There's just so many people that have come out against the book that are against Diddy. And, I'll be sure, goes on to allege that he had a health scare in 2022. This is actually true. He did fall into a coma. And, the vice president, Kamala Harris even wrote him a letter. Yeah. They're all very well connected. Yeah. He's a very prominent artist.


And I believe he does act as he's an activist on the site as well. Wow. Yeah. So he's been invited to a lot of state dinners. And. So is his son Quincy? Yeah. Huh. Now he collapsed in July of 2022, fell into a coma, wakes up. It's October, 2022. He was in a coma, For around three months. To this day, it seems unclear what exactly caused the coma, but he kind of implies that perhaps Diddy was involved. He announced his documentary, And States, you will really understand how I ended up in a coma. You're really gonna need to call Homeland Security later. He's asked to clarify that ominous statement. And. He just I mean.


Someone asked straight up, did Did he try to kill you? He just responds. Please understand very carefully me talking about situations. For more than a decade, And a half And. Then all of a sudden, everybody woke up like, whoa. Yo, we thought you were crazy. But what I'm not is a liar that I am not. All I did was give the science And. I was ignored, laughed at, ridiculed, but whatever. That's okay. My God is so much bigger. My God. Got me. So he's saying that he's been talking about Diddy For like a Decade. Yes, but I don't think so publicly. Mm. Because he's actually seemingly a very non-controversial person. Mm. Yeah. He also has had lingering health problems.


For a while. He did have bariatric surgery. He suffered from renal failure amongst other things. So it's very unclear what caused the coma. But a lot of people, a lot of people believe him because he just seems to be very credible. He hasn't been this controversial figure, For most of his life, but others, point out, I'll be sure, had a child, With Kim. Porter And formally dated her. He did not take an active role in his son's life. And Puffy ended up unofficially adopting And, raising that child. So they're saying, because you're not a good dad, you don't deserve to have an opinion here. Another net is in comments. What does that have to do? With, puffy And, what he might have done to Kim some question that perhaps Al wasn't in his son's life, because Diddy wouldn't Let him be. But that's just another pure speculation Gene deal.


Diddy's former bodyguard states Al's a real good dude. Do you know what I mean? So if Al is saying something that's happened to him, And Puff has something to do. With it. Trust And believe he's gonna have some evidence to substantiate that. That puff had something to do. With it. Either he gave him something or sent something his way. I mean, at least so far, it seems like everyone around them are very vocal about how shitty, yeah. Diddy is. I haven't really heard anybody who's backing Diddy's story. Have you seen many reports? No. But that has been a question of why aren't people backing Diddy? Yeah. And. So the the biggest thing is all of his friends have gone quiet. Yeah.


Some people think it's because, Right. That all the conspiracy. Yes. Because people are saying, if you're not in some sort of tape, if you're, if Diddy has nothing on you, why would you not come out? And condemn his actions. For the hotel footage. That has been proven that that is him beating Cassie. Yeah. Because you might not have known that as a friend. And, to come out. And say, I don't condone this. I don't endorse this. This is not the type of friend that I would ever keep in my quarters. I'm sorry, I didn't know. Yeah. I mean, That's one. But also even like the people around And, their families, And people who works With him. Like just, just people in general. Yeah. They're very quiet. Right? Like, yeah. In regards to Albi Shore hiring security, which he has hired, security Gene says, I don't think nobody would be paying For security unless they thought their life was in danger.


Same thing. With Rodney Jones. Mm. While many agree With al be s Sure. Some have comments. I guess this is his chance to get back in the news. What? Yeah. One party that is clearly not on the same page as Al be shore about Kim. Porter's death are Kim's children. They have released a joint statement mainly in regards to the book that has been circulating. They took to Instagram to state, we have seen so many hurtful And false rumors circulating about our parents, Kim, Porter, And, Sean Combs relationship, as well as our mom's tragic passing that we feel the need to speak out. Claims that our mom wrote a book are simply untrue. She did not And anyone claiming to have a manuscript is misrepresenting themselves.


Additionally, please understand that any so-called friend speaking on behalf of our mom or her family is not a friend. Nor do they have her best interest at heart. The cause of her death has long been established. There was no foul play. Grief is a lifelong process. And, we ask that everyone respect our request. For peace as we continue to cope. With her loss every day. We are deeply saddened that the world has made a spectacle of what has been the most tragic event of our lives. Our mother should be remembered. For, the beautiful, strong, kind, And loving woman that she was. Her memory should not be tainted by horrific conspiracy theories. Another one of Kim's longtime friends took to Instagram to write, I'm gonna say this as loud as I can. Kim. Porter never drafted, nor wrote a book, memoir, or a manuscript. Kim would never do such a thing.


And. That's the honest to God truth. Another state, Kim Porter never authored a manuscript. And any claim suggesting otherwise are entirely false. And fabricated the baseless pages in the book. Not only misrepresent Ms. Porter's lived experience, And legacy, but also continue to cause unnecessary distress to her loved ones. Kim's former attorney has also spoken out, saying she would be turning over in her grave right now. Kim never even gave an interview about her private life. She would never do that to her children. She had plenty to say, but she would never do so publicly. There would be no amount of money that could make her write a memoir. She would never do anything to hurt Puffy's reputation because she has children With him. It is impossible that that is her journal. It's comical. She never even spoke that way.


She never wrote that way. She was articulate. She was classy. She would never write something like that. There would be no need For her to do that. She also states, I guarantee she was not part of those freak offs. I think she would've cut off his penis if he ever proposed that to her, which kind of goes against what others have stated. But it's up For you to decide what you believe. Right. One that is in comments, read two things can be true. At the same time. There can be legitimate questions about Kim's death. And, also, her children can be upset about the tabloid media, And, weirdos on the internet making a spectacle about those legitimate questions. It's a terrible situation. They have my sympathies. So I, as I was researching, there's a lot of AI generated videos that have been going around about this case.


It's not even just people asking For an investigation into her death. And talking about the allegations that have been brought forth about Diddy's alleged behavior towards Kim, Porter, And. How that could have contributed to her passing in 2018. But just like straight, crazy rumors like she was, I can't even repeat them. They're just so, so bad. I see. I see. Yeah. Okay. Another reads, I feel For the kids, but Kim's death should absolutely be looked at differently. In hindsight, Diddy is a longstanding Hollywood conspiracy that has pieces falling into place. Left And right. There's gonna be an intense amount of speculation, because to be honest, there has always been, we just have some proof lining up now.


But another commentator writes, leave this alone. Leave the kids alone. Make him be resting in peace. Another reads, these poor kids are losing everything. Let them, grieve their mother in peace while the rest of the world is watching their father's downfall. Even if two of these kids aren't underage, they still deserve some privacy. And, respect. Another reed's. God damn. I'm so tired of the conspiracy addicted dip shits who think they're the world's greatest detectives. Half the people in this thread need to get off the fucking phone, man. Now, I will say that a lot of these comments people are defending the kids And, I think a lot of the times, everyone is mainly defending the girls, the twins, And. When they are defending Christian, a lot of them don't know that he has a lawsuit against him.


So There, there's more discourse once you read more replies of them being like, oh, I, I didn't even know that he was part of it, because they were writing about him in a way that he is purely innocent. And. He is innocent until proven guilty. But just letting you know There is a lawsuit against him. But others are angry. Commenting. We are talking about a man who is accused of multiple murders, rapes, And, domestic violence, And other atrocities, but speculating about the suspicious death of the mother of his children is where we crossed the line. Kim Porter's father has made an interesting statement to Daily Mail. He says, when I saw the video of what he did to Cassie, I was disgusted. I don't really have much to say beyond that. Everyone's innocent until proven guilty, I guess. But the truth will come out. He never states that he wants another look into the death of his daughter, but he does state that the previous investigation was quote, a load of crap.


Another family member of Kim's states. I remember Kim as a little girl. She was just the sweetest little girl. And. I. Remember how she grew up to be so beautiful? And talented. But I saw the change in her when we visited her out in California. When she was With him. She changed something wasn't right. Now, I feel in my spirit that he's guilty, but justice will have to take its course. If she was my daughter, I would be demanding that the investigation be reopened. So With that Christian Combs has been in the news again because just two days after his dad's recent court hearing, the one where they said his trial date to May of 20, 25. Two days after that, he was spotted partying, With his girlfriend, pouring shots into her mouth, which is just not a good look.


Because like at a nightclub, yeah, but again, not a good look. I just, yeah, it's a little odd. Some people are defending Christian Combs saying, y'all need to stop it. With judging this family, For real. Y'all have convicted the whole family over hearsay. And, once again, when you read more replies, you'll notice that people are reminding everyone, Christian Combs has also been named in a civil lawsuit. Other comments, read Let him live as he's already lost his mother. I did the same thing at that age. Everybody deals With family crisis differently. Others comment. What do you expect from him to do? Cry in his room? Others have pointed out that his girlfriend's nails are painted white And. Some just think it's just not very tasteful or smart. For him to be parting And.


This is part two. Part three will be about the 13 people who have mysteriously died around Diddy. There's also a very, very alarming pattern, like I said, of just the strange ways he responds to death. And. Finally, part four will be the So-called Diddy's List. And. All the internet allegations as well as There have been some new lawsuits that have been filed against him, including Diddy being listed in a lawsuit filed against Kanye West. So There is a lot going on right now. A lot of new developments, And discourse every day. Stay tuned. And. Be safe, And. I'll see you in the next one.