
Ramble worried about letting someone else pick out the perfect avocado for your perfect, impress them on the third date guacamole. Well, good thing Instacart shoppers are as picky as you are. They find ripe avocados like it's their guac on the line. They are milk expiration date detectives. They bag eggs like the 12 precious pieces of cargo They are. So let Instacart shoppers overthink your groceries so that you can overthink what you'll wear on that third date. Download the Instacart app to get free delivery on your first three orders while supplies last. Minimum $10 per order. Additional term supply


Bad. It's a prefix menu. It's like one of those fancy Michelin star restaurants. You don't have to sit there and choose what you wanna consume. They pick exactly what you need for that moment. The meal service starts at 6:00 AM on the dot every morning. Oats swimming in a tepid bowl of water accompanied by two cuts of the house special bread. The lunch service is where things get a little bit more fun, a little more experimental, if you will. This is what they're known for. An in-house, special k loaf. It's A dense mixture of, is it bread? Is it cereal? We don't really know. Dinner is typically chicken gravy. The consistency of the chicken gravy over rice has been described as an in-between of paste and clay.


And if none of those sown appetizing for you, you can always choose from their a la carte menu if they don't fit your taste. You could choose a Velv Vita cheese block minus the noodles for three 70, jalapeno squeeze cheese for 3 35. Or if you're feeling extra ravenous, you could pick a rib steak meal for only 9 95. The prices you would imagine are quite fair. In fact, if you're visiting for a while, you could even purchase New Balance sneakers for $54 and 60 cents, or perhaps hemorrhoid cream for four 30. The meal service is interestingly enough, fully booked every single service every single day. No reservations required.


In fact, attendance is almost mandatory. It currently has a 2.2 out of five star rating on Yelp, and that is the establishment, the Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center, otherwise known as MDC. Some inmates, they just call it hell on earth. This place houses 1600 inmates. It is New York City's primary Federal detention Center. They did have a previous one that was just as big. It was called a Manhattan's Metropolitan Correctional Center, but that one closed a little bit after Jeffrey Epstein died. They shut the whole thing down. They shut it down. and now it's mainly the Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center. Is that related to the death?


Yes. That's Crazy. And people have been complaining about both facilities for a really long time. People say it's quote pure hell, probably the worst federal detention center in the country. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorney claimed Ghislaine S time at MDC. She was underfed. There were pieces of plastic melted into her food. She had to drink contaminated water. She ended up losing her hair. But worse than that, the entire place is crawling with roaches and rodents. You could just smell the stench of overflowing toilets wherever you go. Another attorney stated, the worst part is there's no real outdoor space 'cause it's in the middle of Brooklyn. It's just a place to warehouse human beings in other states.


You're subject to a strip search. At any given time, you're gonna take off all your clothes. The guards will come in, they're gonna check your mouth. They're gonna tell you to turn around, bend over and spread your butt cheeks cough, and then you gotta turn back around. Lift your private areas and squat down. I mean this prison is disgusting. It's, there's no way. It's a human rights violation. There's rats living through everything. The guest list for this human warehouse is actually quite long. You have Ghislaine Maxwell, Jeffrey Epstein's, right hand woman R Kelly, Keith Rani. This is the NM Sex cult leader, Sam Bankman, freed billionaire crypto fraud, and now Sean Diddy Combs.


But it seems Diddy's been trying to get out. He's applied for bail twice, and now he's on his third attempt. And there are serious concerns by zens and conspiracy theories online that Diddy is going to just like Jeffrey Epstein, mysteriously pass in prison because very, very powerful people around him will not want him talking.


The, we would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support Arizona's anti-trafficking network. They work constantly to bring solutions to the illegal sex and human trafficking network in the States. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available about Rotten Mingle podcast.com. Big disclaimer, this is a currently ongoing and developing case as we speak. There have been no court verdicts yet, so unfortunately, I must legally state that these are all the current accusations and allegations. People are innocent until proven guilty legally speaking. Now, also, With all of the other celebrities that are gonna be listed in today's video.


There has not been any statement from the authorities that any of them are even remotely being looked into, interrogated, interviewed as a person of interest or a suspect or an accomplice, or even as a victim. So please keep that in mind. These are purely just internet discourse. Net is in theories. Some statements have been shortened for time, and all the theories and speculations mentioned are net is in opinions that can be found publicly available online. All reporting for this episode is also taken from information that is readily available online. So please do your own research form your own opinions. I'm not here to convince you of anyone's guilt nor innocence. Some potentially triggering themes involved heavy use of illicit substances, DV workplace and gang violence essay and sex trafficking.


This case is heavy. So with that being said, let's get into it. In part one, we did a deep dive on did and Cassie's lawsuit, as well as covering the freak off allegations and the supposed Illuminati connection. In part two, we did a deep dive on Diddy's yacht parties and the mysterious death of his ex-girlfriend and the mother of his children, Kim Porter, part three, we talked about the 13 mysterious people who have died around Diddy, including the hip hop legends, Tupac, and Biggie. This is part four. This is gonna be hopefully the last part until the trial. We're gonna be going over the current ongoing allegations, the new lawsuits, and all the celebrities that have been listed on the So-called Diddy List. So with that being said, let's get started. They say predicting the future is a gift.


I mean maybe you have a time machine, maybe you're gifted with clairvoyant abilities, or maybe you're just South Park. The cartoon, south Park has this near mystical reputation of predicting the future with unsettling accuracy. It's weird. Some people think maybe it's just a logical thinking. Maybe they're just predicting things that are in the realm of possibility, or maybe it's just a coincidence. It's not that deep. Others think South Park needs to be studied by the government. You decide in the show, south Park, there's an episode where Satan is planning his own sweet 16th birthday party at this hotel. And every little thing that he keeps suggesting, the party planners are like, oh yeah, Diddy had a party here last year, and he already did that.


A huge chocolate fondue. Fountain Diddy did that last year, a donut machine, Diddy did do it. Full ice cream bar. Diddy did it. To which in the bit, Satan himself says, I don't wanna do it. If Diddy did it. Damnit, what didn't Diddy do? When was this episode? Do you know? Like, what year was it? Oh, I think it was like in 2016. Hmm. Now, naturally ance could not get enough of this. The top comments being even Satan doesn't wanna do what Diddy did, but others say, well, no. The meaning is a bit deeper than that. One comment reads, I like how it's implied that Diddy has done the same things that Satan himself has done, or what Satan has thought about doing LMAO Or even thinks that Satan doesn't want to do.


Yeah. Others have pointed to a Simpsons episode that depicts what appears to be a white party hosted by Diddy. The episode is called The Great Fats Bee, where Homer Simpson goes to this massive party thrown in a Gatsby esque mansion. They're looking for the host where some of the party goers, including other a-list, celebrities say that he might not even exist. The host of the party. Others say, oh no, he's upstairs in his office. I mean the whole massive staircase is lined with platinum plaques for songs. And when they walk into the party, someone who Neison's claim looks like Diddy is standing in the balcony scaring out at the party from the top. This character tells Homer and Mr. Burns that nobody crashes his party.


He snaps his fingers, security detail with assault rifles like the ones that were found in Diddy's home and guns pop out. And eventually the situation is resolved because again, the character whom net believe to be a depiction of Diddy finds out that Homer's friend is this ruthless billionaire that everybody despises but him. He loves him for being a ruthless monster. And he pulls him in for a hug. So people are saying, these cartoons are predicting all of these things, all the parties, all of Diddy's crimes. Did they predict it? Do you know how much an original copy of the Declaration of Independence is?


That's, I didn't know that could be for sale. There was one for sale. It's Technically considered priceless, but Technically, if you wanna get really technical with it, there have been rare copy prints that sold for $8 million in auctions like this one owned by Norman Lear of the 200 copies of the Declaration of Independence, only 25, or still known to be in existence today. And Diddy is walking around a white party with a copy, an encased, closed protected copy in his hands. It's a loan from Norman Lear. He said, no one would ever expect a young black man to be coming to a party with a Declaration of Independence. But I got it, and it's coming with me.


And I promise not to spill any champagne on it. This is how crazy his white parties are. Diddy's white parties were the it parties to be at what kind of other celebrity party has a copy of the Declaration of Independence. I can not even name a single one that I have never been invited to, but who knows there would be these flaming torches outside the estate, braiding all day, all night. Diddy says about the origins of the white parties. You know, I had just had the craziest mix of guests. Some of my boys from Harlem, Leonardo DiCaprio, after he had just finished the Titanic, I had socialites there and relatives from down south. There were 200 people sitting out there just having a down home.


Cookout. Diddy allegedly actually called himself the Great Gatsby, which I feel like at this point after Burning Sun, don't you know, great Gatsby does not have a happy ending. Maybe not the best way to predict your own future. According to one insider who states, they went to his parties, she said, did he hire these young women to stand on pedestals on either side of the entrance, just dressed like angels just standing there. She said it was very Gatsby esque, maybe crazier. There were synchronized swimmers on the outside. There were topless women parading around in angel wings. But then there would also be group orgies, group sports taking place in the bathrooms with pills being passed around like little appetizers.


People said, when Diddy winked at you and said, come to the VIP section, you knew you were gonna have a really good night. What? He's known to just be a party legend. Diddy was known for saying things like, you think I'm gonna stay in the VIP section? I created the fucking VIP section. Fuck the VIP. I wanna touch the people. I wanna feel alive. What does that mean? I Wanna touch the people. He, he wants to go into the club where everybody's dancing. He doesn't wanna stay around in the VIP section. Yeah. Okay. He's a master marketer and one MTV skit about his parties. One person says Diddy once threw a party on a jet flying around the world. It started on a Tuesday and somehow ended on the previous Sunday. I don't know how he did that.


What Other comments? Like they're flying through time zones, right? Yeah. Is what? Is that what they were saying? Yeah. Okay. Other comments? It's hard to say. Which is more off the hook, a Diddy party or a Diddy after party, or a Diddy after after party, which is basically just a pre-party for the next Diddy party. There is a picture of Diddy from an old Miami party where he's standing next to a table. And on that table there's this woman laying nude on the table just covered in food. She's the centerpiece, if you will. He's eating a chocolate covered strawberry off of her. And people think it's just a little unsettling now, because you know it's all fun and games until you are his private chef.


His private chef's name is Cindy. Cindy starts working for Diddy in 2015 at his LA compound, which you know this TikTok, that's like, I'm a personal chef to a billionaire. He was a day in my life, right? It sounds all fun until you realize that she's working from 9:00 AM until midnight, or sometimes even till 2:00 AM But ugh, In a lawsuit filed way back in 2017. So not even with the recent lawsuits and allegations. This is in 2017. Cindy says she was working every Saturday and Sunday for Diddy and only getting paid $150 per day. Eventually, he enjoys her cooking so much, he bumps her up from two days to six days per week. But she's still working nine in the morning till midnight, getting paid $150 per day.


That's $10 an hour that the minimum wage now in the state of California is $16 an hour. So albeit this is in 2024, but still aside from the pay, Cindy says in more professional legal words through her attorney in the lawsuit that this was pretty freaking miserable. She was traumatized working for Diddy. The lawsuit she files alleges in very professional terms, but for ease to digest, I will paint the picture. Cindy would be cooking in the kitchen. Oftentimes on the night when Diddy would tell her to come serve food to him and his guests in the various areas of his mansion, she would walk in with the food. 'cause that's her job, right? And sometimes it was just so clear that they had all gotten done participating in sexual activities. Or sometimes They would be in the midst, engaging in group sexual activities while she's just forced to serve food.


Set the table, if you will. Other times she would walk in to quote, deliver the food. And when she would walk into Diddy's room, she alleges it's so clear that he just got done having intimate relations. He would just be fully butt naked. She's uncomfortable. You can tell that she's uncomfortable. He could tell that she was uncomfortable, but he would allegedly ask her along the lines of, are you attracted to all of this? Do you like my naked body? In another occasion, Cindy is in the kitchen preparing the meals. When a male house guest, one of Diddy's friends walks in, she looks up, he's butt naked. He had just engaged in sexual activity with another guest of Diddy's, and he is just standing there around naked, asking her to look at him, look at him down there and admire his genitals.


Is this person named? No, Cindy is mortified. She immediately files a complaint with her supervisor, another employee of Diddy's. Cindy complained frequently because first of all, she never signed up to be constantly exposed to sexual activity and talking about genitals. Her capacity is a professional chef, and she's not working on like a explicit set where she knows what she's getting into. This is just somebody's home. This is not what she's been expecting. It seems like the only benefit for working for Diddy is that he did this very interesting thing where he liked throwing away a bunch of stuff. 'cause he's a billionaire. Sometimes the stuff he's throwing away wouldn't even be broken or damaged. In fact, they're nice things. They're expensive things. The house staff knew that if Diddy didn't really want it Technically, they were free to take it before it's trashed.


So I guess there's like a special bucket, or they go through the trash and they're like, why is he trashing this? Well, one day the housekeeper comes up to Cindy and is like, Hey, these are a few things that Diddy is throwing away. Do you want something? She picks something, and within a few days, she's terminated for theft. Cindy believes she alleges in her lawsuit that she was set up. They were sick of her complaining about the sexual harassment and about her pay, which she rightfully complained about. They were sick of her complaining about all of that, that she rightfully complained about. So they effectively set her up so that they could terminate her in the lawsuit. She claimed she was constantly subjected to unwarranted, harassing, conduct, verbal harassment, demeaning comments, slurs, visual harassment, and unwanted sexual advances.


So no, it doesn't seem like the parties were just all a big ball for everyone. In a separate lawsuit filed by a John Doe, the allegations state that he was invited to one of the infamous white parties in the Hamptons. He actually includes a picture of himself with Diddy. His face is blurred out, but he was just 16 years old. He had a mutual connection to Diddy. He didn't feel like this is something you could turn down. I mean this is his chance to break it into the industry. The lawsuit includes a supposed picture of Diddy and John Doe at the White party. Interestingly enough, the lawsuit alleges that Diddy took an interest into John Doe, which gets him very excited. They move to a quiet area where John Doe is going off, telling him how he's such a big fan. I have these dreams of becoming a star as well.


And like the way that you've just done, it's so admirable to which Diddy smiles and allegedly tells him, you have the potential. You have the look. You know, it stated, alleged that Diddy told him that he has the ability to transform him or anybody else into a star, which John Doe gets excited. I mean it's a pleasant conversation. And again, the lawsuit alleges. Diddy abruptly tells John Doe he needs to drop his pants. The lawsuit states John Doe caught completely off guard, confusingly ask, asked Combs to repeat himself. Combs made himself clear. He instructed John Doe to drop his pants and expose his penis so that combs could inspect it, explaining it was the rite of passage and the route to becoming a star, and also a way to prove himself.


Don't you wanna break into the business? John Doe immediately felt uncomfortable, froze, and did not know what to do. Combs remained calm and stood in front of him and stretched out his hand in a cupped position out of fear and anxiety and the imbalance power dynamic between himself and combs. John Doe then dropped his pants and exposed his penis. As combs previously instructed, Combs moved closer and grabbed. John doe's penis and genitals with his hand. He firmly cupped and held onto. John doe's private parts for an extended period of time. During this time, Combs moved his hand in such a fashion to manipulate John doe's genitals squeezing and feeling them. John Doe was only 16 years old.


That is what the lawsuit states. In another separate lawsuit filed by another John Doe. The allegations in his lawsuit include that in 2006, he was working for this security firm called Mass Security, where he would work at nightclubs or events for private events and security. He got this last minute job at Diddy's East Hampton Mansion for this annual white party, and the lawsuit alleges that prior to the party commencing Diddy push John Doe into a van and viciously sodomized him. And while John Doe kept pleading for help, Diddy allegedly responded, you'll be all right. You'll be all right. Are these part of the 120 Yes. Lawsuits? So these are the individual stories.


Yes. So Tony Busby, the attorney from Houston, has been filing, well, he states that he has about 120 lawsuits that are gonna be filed against Diddy. He filed six and then seven. And by the time that you're hearing this on YouTube, probably more. Mm. Yeah. So he's doing them in batches. and now there is this very interesting thing where 120 is a very large number. So a lot of people are wondering, out of those 120, there must be people whose stories are not as valid. Right? And, I don't think it's ever right to question victim stories. And I will say that Tony Busby has stated that he has a hundred people vetting potential clients, and also about 30 lawyers looking at the evidence and the stories of each case.


So they're trying to fact check a lot of these clients. They're not just trying to take any case. They're not taking anyone who's calling them like, oh, that Diddy thing on the news. I'm part of it. Mm. See. So just to keep in mind, because I know a lot of people that are either on Diddy's side or tend to question victims are like 120. There's no way. Mm. Which again, I'm not stating that these lawsuits are true I mean these are civil lawsuits. There's no way for me to know I wasn't there. Right? And neither was Tony Busby, but I'm just stating he is very thoroughly fact checking them from what I can see. Well, I don't know if fact checking is the right word, legally speaking, trying to verify them as much as he can. One John Doe alleges that he was drugged an essay the night that Diddy was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award at the BET awards.


The time that he shouted out Cassie after four years after their breakup, he said that he was essayed after that at an after party. So many Zens, they're hoping With, all these new lawsuits coming out that the most of the party goers, all the other celebrities that attended Diddy's parties did not see these things. That they only saw the fun aspects. Because one frequent party goer says, once Diddy got high or drunk, he would turn violent and loud. He would take his anger out on people. And unnamed alleged victim told the daily male, daily male. So take it as you will. She alleged that she was at a party with Diddy once he allegedly had this little medicine bag of drugs that he carried around with him. She said there was this one time when he came down from his room, And.


I was shucked because he looked animalistic. I didn't even recognize him. His veins were popping. And the way that his body was contorting, in a way, it was frightening. It just scared me. Being around him was like being around Jekyll and Hyde. There was some woman in the pool sometimes already naked And, I thought, oh, maybe they party too much. So she's kind of insinuating that they're passed out almost maybe in the shallower end, or like hanging onto the side of the pool or like they're in the cabanas around the pool. And she says, but no, there were times when the girls wouldn't wake up at all and They would just leave them there lounging by the pool. She claims if she ever asked Diddy staff about it, like, Hey guys, are you guys seeing this? Is she okay? They would just tell her she's okay. She's okay. She's just drunk and hungover.


That's what she claims. They said that, oh, They would just say this, anytime a girl didn't move at one of Diddy's parties. Hmm. And Tony Busby, the Houston based attorney I was telling you about, that's representing the 120 potential clients that are in the process of suing Diddy. He says, if you were attending one of these parties, if you will, and you attended before or you knew what was going to happen, that is you knew that a particular drug was being used in drinks that were causing people to be coerced and taken advantage of, and you were in the room, or you participated, or you watched it happen and didn't say anything, or you helped cover it up. In my view, you have a problem. So does that mean every celebrity in connection with Diddy help cover it up?


Not exactly. There are a few camps of medicines, some that believe. Obviously people who just went to a white party, you don't know what they know because these white parties, everybody was going to them. There's just no way that every single person in Hollywood knew what Diddy was doing. But then some people are saying, well, if they were close friends of Diddy and were constantly hanging out with Diddy, they probably knew something. They probably at least knew that he was violent towards women. There's no way that they didn't know anything. That's crazy when all of his staff and even people that have only seen him a few times have come out to allege these stories. Could it be that they don't know anything? That's Annette as an opinion, or there's a group of people that are like, let's not even point any fingers. We don't know what they know.


But I will say for as long as Diddy has been around, there have been people in the industry that have been waiting for this moment. People that don't love Brother love. In fact, they hate Sean, love Combs with a fire burning passion. In 2005, a book was written titled Confessions of a Video Vixen by Kain. Steffens Ka is a wellknown figure in the industry. She was well known to appear in a lot of music videos, and it says that she first went to Diddy's parties in Miami. It was quote fucking intense. She claims that there were women walking around topless champagne being passed out, drugs being passed around on the inside. She claims you choose your pill, take your champagne, and that's the vibe for the night.


It was fucking intense. Like the drug usage is just so casual in it. Corina alleges that when she first met Diddy in 2001, this is around the time that he and J-Lo break up. She says, quote, in retrospect, I realize that I was given to him as a gift by another executive. She claims that she was with Ja Rule and Irv Gotti, when Diddy told them, quote, send her to my house, she alleges in her memoir, and that was it. I got the order to go to his house, and that was the first time he And. I spent time. She describes herself as being a quote party favor, or at least that's what she said it felt like to her. Now, there were no explosive allegations In her book, she claims about her sexual encounter with Diddy as being consensual, but they didn't have full intercourse.


It's unclear how far they went and, but it just wasn't sex. She writes in her book after the experience, he said, you are one of the best. I said to him, same when in actuality he was average. Our sexual encounter was pretty straightforward, nothing outta the ordinary. Later she goes with a friend to Diddy's massive party that he's hosting. And I. Guess Diddy didn't personally invite her. Mm. He didn't know she was coming. The minute Diddy sees her, she alleges, he pulls her to the side, allegedly asking her, we're cool. Right? I mean we're friends, right? She says, I was confused by the line of questioning, but assured him we were in fact cool. He allegedly tells her. I'm saying though, you know, I have kids and a mother and people who love me And.


I can't afford for anything to get out. I don't want them to get upset. She claims, yeah, she's confused, but reassured him. She has nothing but respect for him and his family. But that doesn't appear to be good enough because she states, Diddy pulls her friend, the one that she came with to this side. They're gone for about 45 minutes in the midst of this little party, and he gets back, grabs Corinne by the arm, starts dragging her out of there and is like, what did you do to that man? What did you do to Diddy? What? She's so confused. He tells her that Diddy allegedly told him to be careful around Corinne, do not let her into his home. And she's like, why would he say that? Why? Why can't I be in your house? Like, what do you mean? And he said, Diddy told me, quote, she'll have you on video with fingers in your booty.


What? Corinne states that the both of them were so confused, shocked, and eventually they broke out into hysterical laughter on the front lawn of Diddy's Miami mansion because how ridiculous that comment is. What do you mean? What does that even mean? She does clarify that she was not one of Diddy's victims, but she also writes in the book, this is obviously condensed, but at Diddy's, I was received with open arms by him and his entire staff. Everyone in the home was devoted to Diddy and catered all to all of his needs. And for the afternoon to all of mine, I began to understand the hyper on Diddy, why he was a pop culture icon. He's got that star quality.


That's something that draws people to him and makes them want to be in his space and take part in his world. I was no different. By the end of the afternoon of meeting him, I'd become easily enamored. Okay, so what was that whole encounter about? So he saw her, showed up at that party, he freaked out, pulled the guy away to tell the guy to not trust this woman. And what, what, what's the reasoning intention? Like what's going on here? Some medicines have deciphered because the book is a little bit confusingly written, has deciphered this as evidence that he might have been into some sexual activities that were not privy to, which I don't think is that big of a deal as long as it's consensual with adults.


Ah, some people are pointing to the fact that, Okay, so yes, they're saying that they did certain activities that Diddy does not want anybody to know. Yes. The fact that she showed up again, now he's like, oh, who are you? Are you telling people about this? Yes. And he's freaking out about that, and He's trying to discredit her and isolate her. Mm. Is the allegation I mean? I don't even know if this conversation actually took place. Right? But I'm just letting you know what's out there. She said that she would eventually snap out of it, but there were still a few people around Diddy that were not enamored by Diddy. He is some lifelong haters. One of them being Miss Wendy Williams. Before Wendy Williams was the Wendy Williams controversial talk show host, she was just getting started as a radio personality.


She was signed with Hot 97, 1 of the coveted spots At the time, one would argue that she was a yapper on this show. Others would say, you have not seen yapping until you saw her on Hot 97. It was crazier back then. I don't know if defamation laws were looser back then, but Wendy would go to work and just ready to start some shit. One of her targets back then was Diddy. Now, it does not appear that she intentionally targeted him, but she did state that she had obtained a very interesting photograph that allegedly showed Diddy and another man in a compromising position, which, you know, maybe Diddy likes men. Okay, I'll say the conversation of Diddy liking men.


I, I don't think it matters. I don't think it matters. I understand why some people might use it to confirm some of the allegations in the lawsuits, because some of the victims suing him are obviously men. So it's like confirmation. But I, other than that, I don't think his sexuality plays a role in this at all. And I do think that what she did today would be very controversial. If that picture is true, why would you out a public figure or anyone for that matter? Mm. But it gets wilder around the same time. She states that she has this infamous photo of Suge Knight from Death Row Records with Diddy's son, Justin, remember the whole East Coast can't even take care of their own. That hadn't been released yet. So she's like, I have it.


And I can post it on my blog. Now the story is that Wendy was gonna release all of it, and Diddy is pretty much sick of her at this point. Is the allegation. According to Outspoken Gene deal, the former bodyguard to Diddy, he states that by this point, because of the success of Bad Boy records, Diddy's label motherfuckers didn't breathe hard. If Diddy didn't want them to, Diddy allegedly calls up the executives that own Hot 97 to either get Wendy off the air. One allegation states that he even says something along the lines of, if I'm in New York City, And, I, hear that bitch's voice on the radio, you're never gonna have another artist song. Nothing From Me, which Hot 97 would lose a lot of business if they can't air Diddy's record label songs within a few days.


Wendy, one of the biggest hosts on the station is suddenly in Philadelphia. She's not in New York City anymore as a host. She's a host on a radio show in Philadelphia. Oh, so the the company did listen. Yes. You know, they, they fired her or let her go. It seems like it, if this is all true now, a lot of citizens agree. Yeah. Threatening to release a photo like that of someone doing intimate things is pretty horrendous. Potentially outing someone is also horrendous. But some citizens would point out, given everything that's happening right now, nobody feels sympathy for Diddy. And on top of that, they question why someone at his level would have such a big reaction to a photo if it weren't real. That's what they're saying. But I do wanna add Gene deal.


The bodyguard says the photo is not what you think it is. His version of events is that they were all on vacation and these girls were taking photos nonstop. And on this trip, one of the guys decided it'd be hilarious to pull down Diddy's pants to expose all of his privates. So as he's like bending down to expose all of his privates and pull down his pants, Diddy's private parts, I guess whip out and the picture gets taken. So it looks like someone is about to perform something on him. Another man is about to perform something on him, but he says it just wasn't true. It was like a prank, just it's, it's a weird prank. But he claims that's the picture that was allegedly sent to Wendy Williams with a whole story of how Diddy is into men.


Regardless, Wendy Williams gets dropped in New York City. She's gotta go to Philly. The longstanding animosity between the two is pretty strong. Wendy alleges that Diddy would send a bunch of girls to try and jump her outside her radio station. She alleges that Diddy quote, single handedly tried to sabotage her career. She writes in her book, the hell he put me through, I will never forget it, but I don't hate him. But later during her talk show, she was one of the few that extensively talked about the power dynamic between Diddy and Cassie saying things like, my thing is when you date a mogul, is it, it's really difficult to avoid them. Even if you use your head, you never know when they're gonna pop up on the scene. Like they could find out what hotel you're staying at, they could just pop in and pop out.


They have too much power in this world. Wait, I'm so sorry. What is she referring to though? Cassie and Diddy. So when They would constantly break up and get back together and Diddy would publicly reach out to Cassie through social media to try and win her back during their on and off relationship, a lot of other people were debating whether or not that's romantic. But Wendy says, I suggest don't use social media though to reach out. This was a grand overture from Diddy. I don't believe he really wants her back or wants her. I believe he probably treated her at some particular point, like a possession. If you really care, then you would reach out privately, not publicly. There were these comments here and there that indicated that they never really, really resolved things until 2017 did.


He makes an appearance on the Wendy Williams show. Ooh. And people think it is so awkward. The whole thing feels tense. They're both trying to dance around each other. Not really, but like figuratively during the entire interview. I don't think medicines are reading into it. I was watching it and I've been watching lots of Diddy interviews on Ellen DeGeneres to show Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Kimmel. He does not seem relaxed or happy around Wendy Williams. He keeps having these moments where he's smiling, but his smile drops so quickly. It's like he keeps dropping his smiling mask. But why did he go on there? Nobody knows. One part that's been going very viral on social media is Wendy Williams is bringing up her son.


She says, and let me tell you something, as a mother of a now 16-year-old boy, Diddy interrupts her who I met backstage. She's a great young man. Wendy Williams looks so uncomfortable. She briefly thinks him, but looks like she loses her train of thought. She spaces out and stutters a bit. Diddy is just staring into the depths of her soul during this many ENTs have since commented that I felt like Diddy was trying to tell her like, that's a threat. Play nice. I just met your son. Another Netan comment, the way she hesitated. You just know that she wanted to stay. You stay away from my son, but realize that she was on air. It is a very unsettling moment.


But there is someone who might hate Diddy more than Wendy Williams, and that is 50 cent. If anybody is going to be a hater of Diddy, it is going to be 50 cent. This man, talented in his own right, obviously, but like he could make a full blown career out of hating Diddy. He has been saying for years now that he fricking hates Diddy. In 2006, he released a disc track called The Bomb, where he insinuates that Diddy had something to do with Biggie's murder the lyrics, read who shot Biggie Smalls. We don't get him.


They're gonna kill us all. Man, puffy know who hit that guy. He's always said Diddy was someone who was just a businessman that liked to take advantage of creatives. 50 cent said, I don't have any interest in doing things like that. I actually fall under the creative side. So I just didn't take to hanging out with him like that. He said that he thought Diddy was strange in an interview once. He said, he has to take me shopping. I thought that was the weirdest shit in the world, because that might be something that a man says to a woman. And I'm just like, nah, I'm not fucking with this weird energy or weird shit coming off the way. He was just moving like from that. I wasn't comfortable around him. In response, Diddy went to the Breakfast Club podcast and he was asked, you told 50 you would take him shopping.


Yeah. I thought he needed some new clothes. What? I'm a nice guy in another concert, 50 cents said, that's why I don't go to no puffy parties. Guy hugs you from the front and the back at the same time. You know? You know what I'm talking about, right? Look, if you're into that, you're into that. I'm fine with it. To each their own. I'm just saying, this ain't my motherfucking kind of party. It's uncomfortable for me. In another segment, he says, I've been talking to a therapist to try and help me with the shit I've been saying. You know, some crazy shit on my mind. Maybe I said some shit about Puffy because he got too Pac killed. So he's always leaving these little, little weird hints of things. I mean The two of them, He's like not even leaving hints, he's straight up calling him a murder, right?


Yeah. Twice for Tupac and Biggie, right? Yeah. Wow. Now the two of them, they started off more so as industry competitors. They had competing alcohol brands, but somehow it escalated into them just dissing each other. Publicly. 50 cent allegedly called him a blood sucker saying things like, I guess that means I'm not invited to the white parties on the Hamptons. And to describe Puffy in one word, it would be bitch. He said that. Yes. 50 said that? Yes. Okay. He also stated that Diddy is not an artist. He just takes records and sings them. He's not really an artist. Quote. He's the guy that stands next to the guy. He's the guy standing next to Biggie. He's a party promoter.


He's a producer, he is a businessman. A lot of other things, but he's not an artist. To which Diddy, cryptically responds. I love my people. Let's stop the hate man. Congratulate. Hate is for suckers. If you hating, you're a sucker and you're ashy and your breath is stinky and you know who I'm talking about, you hating ass crap. Later, 50 cent posts on Instagram, a photo of himself recovering in the hospital. The caption reads, sorry, I can no longer help you guys soon you will all be gay and happy. You are all now under the leadership of Puffy Daddy Report to the nearest Rainbow. What? Which is like kind of an odd thing to say, but interestingly enough, 50 cents mother of his child gets listed in a lawsuit by Little Rod.


Wait 50 cents. The mother of his child gets listed in passing in a lawsuit, not as a defendant, but it is alleged that she was having intimate relations with people at Diddy's house. Okay? Which side note, later on the breakfast show later in 2018, the podcast host brings up 57 Diddy. Diddy says, I don't have no beef with 50. He loves me. Y'all can't see he loves me. The host respond. No, we can't see it. You really think that's hate when you really break it down. You've been out here long enough. You know he loves me. I don't think he likes you. You know, 50 loves me.


He loves me. I don't think he likes you. Okay. That's did he's response. Okay. He continues. You know, when he does that, it's like funny to me. I don't really take it personally. I know he has a different sense of humor and he's just not in my life. We don't, we don't have to ever cross paths. And. I will never say nothing negative about him. You know, because that's just not me. But no Diddy. He really, really does not like you. Anytime there would be any negative news about Diddy, 50 cent would turn his Instagram page into a multifaceted hate page towards Diddy. For years now, even when Kefi D was arrested for killing Tupac and Diddy was named by him, 50 cent posted. Damn. So Tupac got lined by brother Love, LOL.


Time to lawyer up. Shit. Might get sticky Telling who Diddy to lawyer it out. Yes. and now we have come full circle with Christian Combs. Diddy's son. After Diddy's homes were raided by the feds, he released that dis track and he was actually listed in a lawsuit. He's been accused of essay, but he released that dis track called Pick a side in which he takes a shot at 50 cent saying all that gossip shit is whack when all they had was 50 cent, who put the city on the map? Stop lying. So he is basically saying 50 cent is acting like he put the city on the map. Don't lie to yourself. 50 cent then posted and deleted on Instagram. I feel so threatened by the things Christian is saying on his record, I'm afraid for my life.


Please don't hurt me guys. He's being sarcastic. He has since taken it down. But he's currently working on a series about Diddy with Netflix. Oh, that's right. Yes. Oh my goodness. What did, is there any more information on that? Is it just say He did joke that he was gonna title it Diddy Do it. That's all we know. Yeah. Okay. Videos have been going viral of celebrities trying to warn us about Diddy. Like all these clips of 50 cent saying all these things. There's no way to know for certain if these celebrities knew what was going on or were trying to warn the public, or if it's all just a coincidence. But let's go through some of these warnings again, these could have been coincidental comments, jokes, or maybe they don't even realize what was going behind closed doors.


But because this episode is more so internet discourse, we have to go through them. Brandon T. Jackson, a comedian and actor made a claim earlier this year before Diddy's arrest. But perhaps someone was trying to warn him. I don't know. He said Denzel Washington gave him some sage Hollywood advice. You leave 30 minutes before the devil get there for all the parties in Hollywood, which to be fair, he could have been referring to anyone or perhaps metaphorically to the devil. But Brandon said he always noticed Denzel Washington left before the devil gets there. Anytime he sees Denzel Washington leave a party, it would be a signal to him to leave the party. Did he mention, did he at all in this conversation?


The Conversation seems to have Diddy like implied throughout the other parts of the episode. Mm. And there's actually an interesting story from years ago. In 2003, Denzel Washington confronted Diddy at one of his parties. Sources alleged that they got into a heated discussion about something and allegedly Denzel stormed out while shouting, you don't respect anybody. Wow. Which nobody knows if this actually happened or why, but it's a very interesting thought. Now we're gonna come back to Denzel Washington in a little bit because there is a very vocal alleged victim of Diddy's parties. Well, I guess I could just summarize it here. Alison Carter, she has stated, she's kind of insinuated that Denzel Washington is also involved, but I don't know.


I don't know it. There's a lot. There's a lot there. But just keep that in mind. Earlier in 2024, before Diddy's arrest, Kat Williams went on a talk show to say, all these big dick deviants is all catch in hell in 2024. It's up for all of them. It don't matter if you Diddy or whoever you is, all lies will be exposed. The truth is the light. Kat Williams claimed he was blackballed from the industry because he's been in the game for so long and he has been gathering information intel. He knows everybody's secrets and they all know that he knows. He claims quote, I turned down $50 million four times just to protect my integrity and that virgin hole that I was telling you about his butt.


Because p Diddy be wanting to party and you gotta tell him no. Oh, that's where this line came from. Yes. Ah. Somewhat even argued that Diddy warned us for a vibe cover called Puff Daddy. It'll never be over. Diddy Ominously tells the reporter about this vision he has in his mind, and this vision is just always in his brain. He says it's like a picture out of the one of those old movies where a man has been wrongly accused and the whole town is gathered to watch him get hanged. This man is up on a platform with his legs dangling in midair only instead of choking, he refuses to die. Days go by and he's still hanging in. The townspeople are throwing rocks at him, but he won't give in.


Finally they cut him down. That guy is Sean. Puffy calms himself. They cut him down and he just walks away. He starts yelling, I raise out of the coffin. It will never, never, never, never be over. Never. Motherfuckers never. What's the context behind that? Like, Oh, I think he's just talking about how people are trying to take him down. And when was this? Was this years Ago? Oh, long time ago. When he was still going by Puffy. I see. In one interview with Ellen did is sitting there and they're both discussing the incident where Chris Brown beat Rihanna and was charged with felonious assault, felony assault guys. Where Ellen says, I don't want any girl watching this.


Which by the way, I do wanna clarify. Ellen DeGeneres has, she's got her own issues. So this is not me being like, oh, Ellen DeGeneres said this. No. Okay. She says, I don't want any girl watching this to think it's okay to go back to a guy who hi. Her Diddy responds and he seems angry. I don't think, I don't think it's right for anybody to hit anybody. At the end of the day, I don't think it's right. I think we all have to be honest with ourselves as adults though, and people that have been in relationships, and we know that sometimes these relationships get ugly and sometimes it doesn't come out into the forefront. Like this one has come out. There's a lot of stones being thrown and we don't know exactly what's going on.


These are two young individuals and we need to pray for them. We need to give them certain support. Wow, that's crazy. Like knowing what happened. Closed doors. Yeah. Then listen to this. You know exactly what he's trying to say. Yeah. When any news comes out about violence against women and to see certain men respond in this way, it's always very alarming. I always take notice of it. Yeah, because it's just, that's not a normal response. That's bizarre. Immediately afterwards, it's tense and he's staring like he's about to, I don't know. But then he gets up and tries to lighten the mood or do damage control or hide his seething anger. I don't know.


By asking can we dance? It is incredibly bizarre. So even Ellen was like, I don't know what to say now. Yes. Because I don't think she was expecting that. I think she was expecting him to be like, yeah, I don't think girls should go back to people who hit them because that is a very standard, general response. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But he's very close friends with Chris Brown. In fact, he even states that he was the one trying to get Rihanna and Chris Brown to stay in his house together after the assault to work things out. Imagine trying to force a victim to be in the same place as her assaulter. That's freaking crazy. What Is there to work out? You are a felon. Okay. Whoa. You said that on on TV or?


Yes, He told Ellen about it. Oh, whoa. It's incredibly bizarre. One that is in comment reads, it's crazy that we're discussing violence against women and Diddy wants to dance right after. It's disturbing. He truly is a twisted individual. Another writes the psychopathic look he gave at the very end before he asks to dance is very telling. Others just comment spoken like a true abuser, which like, to be fair, some people are saying she shouldn't have brought up Chris Brown because Chris Brown is a close friend of Diddy's, but also Chris Brown should not be a close friend of anyone's after he assaulted somebody. Somebody. That's all I have to say. There is a resurface video where Diddy is playing a game where he's given a card, he has to fill in the blank and the statement on there, the card reads, when I die, I want my last words to be Diddy thinks about it and he responds, I did it.


He means I did it. You know I made it. I made it right. But obviously social media thought it was crazy. A little ominous. And they're having a field day with this one writing. Well, there's a confession right there. This didn't age well. You sure did. And that's why you're in jail, buddy. To which Diddy's representatives have stated, it's disappointing to see the media and social commentators twist moments into something they were not. By taking video clips and photos out of context and attempting to link them to a false narrative and ly inappropriate behavior is completely ridiculous. In another interview with Conan O'Brien. Conan O'Brien starts off by saying your legendary for the parties you throw, you throw a great party. I'm a legend baby for a whole bunch of things, and he starts barking at the crowd.


A killer party. What's the ingredient for a killer party? This is what you need to do. Conan woman, beautiful woman, of course. Beautiful men for the ladies. Of course, Conan says, wouldn't it be better if there weren't beautiful men there though, if there were just a lot of beautiful women and then just the guy, no, no, no, there's enough ladies to go around. You have to make the ladies, give the ladies what they need too. You know? Take care of your woman. Take care of the ladies. Okay, gotcha. That's good. Can't force the situation. You can't force the square peg into a round hole. Conan says, that's the story of my life. What about celebrities? You have a lot of celebrities there. Listen, I'm giving you the menu. Okay. Let's just take things slow. Okay? We need alcohols.


Alcohols not just one. Alcohol alcohols plural, right? Just like a blend. You need the ladies, you need the booze, you need some water. Ah, for watering the plants. I don't know if you guys have noticed this, but a lot of the ladies, they drink water at parties, so you don't have what they need. They leave. You gotta keep them there. So you need locks on the doors. He said lock the doors. Yes. This is being pulled up in hindsight because there's a video of Diddy and Young Miami, his then on and off, girlfriend of the city girls. Right? There is a video where he takes young Miami into a room inside the house and there's like a deadbolt from inside.


It's very weird on an interior door. So he's serious door like, yeah. So it's just, people are like, we don't know what the purpose of that deadbolt is, but it's definitely weird. Right? It's definitely not a normal thing. Yeah. It's not even like a safe code so that certain people even, yeah, yeah. Even say that as a joke is weird. It is freaking weird and scary. Yeah, and the audience laughs and Conan O'Brien says, okay, this is sounding kind of dangerous. Now it's a little kinky, but you know, rock with me. Just check it out. You need a lot of heat. Heat, you mean physically the place has to be hot, yet you don't need air conditioning. Why is that? Heat affects the alcohol and it also affects, like, you know, everybody gets a little more comfortable and loose.


Builds up a nice little sweat. What? That just sounds disgusting. Depends on the way you look at it. So you're saying it starts getting sexy, is that what you're saying? Yeah. Sexy. New word for you. Let me finish. You just need music and then you need me, of course. Comments on the video. Now read Selfs Snitching a national pastime in a separate interview with Conan O'Brien. Conan randomly brings up, let me ask you something. I don't know if it's just a made up myth or if this is true, that anytime you go into a hotel, you don't check in the way everybody else does. You send someone ahead to prepare the hotel room for you. Diddy smiles. It's called Preparing the Sexy, which if you guys know, in the lawsuits with the freak offs, it said that he would send his assistants to get ready.


All the freak off supplies, allegedly, right? Preparing the sexy. What's preparing the sexy I mean? When I walk in I mean I definitely take pride in being the originator of the preparation of the sexy, those candles. I like candles, which in Cassie's lawsuit, it's alleged that he would fix the candle lighting like he's producing his own video. While he's filming these acts. He says, I like two. That's a scent that I'm attracted to. You know, I like lilies, I like white orchids, I like roses, things of that nature. You know, I'm into baths, you know, I like my bath at the right temperature. So, you know, it's just little things that I personally like. I like to have my room sexy. You have to go there and go through the proper measures to make sure that the sexy is there when you arrive.


People think that he is talking about freak offs. People are having a field day with these old clips, digging up old, old clips. There's another one where Diddy talks about his legendary parties and he says they won't give me a permit to the parties, man. They don't want me to throw the parties no more, but we ain't gonna stop. We're gonna keep having fun. You're gonna keep hearing about my parties. They're going to be shutting them down. Probably be arresting me doing all types of crazy things just 'cause we wanna have a good time. When I first started researching the Diddy case, there were 11, 12 lawsuits that were filed against Diddy and the federal indictment that was unsealed. Very quickly, another dozen lawsuits were filed, and probably more by the time that you're watching this, but we are just gonna go through some of the new revelations, new allegations from the newly filed lawsuits.


There have been longstanding allegations that he would put date rape drugs into the alcoholic beverages at his party. There have been lots of people that have been coming online to allege. He had a section for drinks that only girls would drink, and then a section for the artists, for the label makers, for the people that are not allegedly going to be drugged. So he had drug drinks and non lace drinks. That is the allegation. One lawsuit even further alleges that it would be in the champagne glasses that They would hand out at parties. Specific mixed drinks like lemon drops would be laced with drugs because primarily these are drinks that more women tend to gravitate towards, or maybe specifically other people would be told allegedly, Hey, don't drink the lemon drops at this party.


One lawsuit alleges, it's not even just about the drinks that are circulating at the party. Multiple lawsuits have alleged that when you walk into his party, you would've to sign an NDA. Now this part is not, it's a little gray area for sure. Okay? But you would've to sign an NDA and once you walk in, They would make you take a shot. They're like, you signed the NDA and this shot is a prerequisite to coming into the party. And some believe that those shots specifically, some were late, some are not. Hmm. So it's like maybe it's a pre-approved. These are the types of people I want to be drugged, allegedly I would, I wouldn't know how it works in the backend, but I'm just saying it is very weird because it's not Diddy himself that we're giving these shots out.


Others alleged that even the baby oil was laced and that's why there were a thousand bottles of the baby oil in his house, because it just doesn't make sense to have a thousand bottles of baby oil. Yes, Americans buy in bulk, but a thousand bottles of baby oil, just that doesn't even make any sense. And then you have Gene deal, the former bodyguard saying that's weird. You have other people like the Jonathan Oie. I don't know how credible he is. The man that was arrested at a Trump Patel shooting back, back then. He said that they were transporting liquid cocaine. He's definitely more of a conspiracy theorist, but still there have been longstanding allegations. One lawsuit reads, quote, dousing victims and lotions or similar body oils also laced with GHB so that the drug would be absorbed through the victim's skin and make it easier to take advantage of exploit and assault him or her.


What's GHB? The date rape drug. Oh, now one lawsuit alleges that he would also say things like, this is what it takes for you to be famous. What are you willing to be a star for? Perform insert sexual act, or else other lawsuits claim. He would say things like, when? When else do you get to drink with a millionaire? In another lawsuit, it's alleged that Diddy grabbed, quote, John doe's penis and genitals with his hand. Combs manipulated his genitals for an extended period of time trying to get him aroused. One of the more shocking lawsuits filed as of recently is Jane Doe, who alleges that she was 13 years old when she was assaulted by Diddy. These are the allegations set forth in her lawsuit, and again, allegations until they're proven true in the court of law.


The lawsuit alleges that during the 2000 VMA awards, this is the year that Diddy and his then girlfriend at the time Jennifer Lopez went wearing that iconic green Versace dress. The plaintiff, Jane Doe claims her friend dropped her off at the Radio City music hall so that she could try to get into the VMAs. So she's just a fan. She's just a fan of the VMAs. She wants to go. She claims that she was outside when she saw a ton of artists and famous people arriving. She didn't have a ticket, but she really wanted to get in. So she went and tried to talk to the limo drivers that were outside. One of The Alleged drivers worked for Diddy. This is the allegation, and he allegedly told her, Hey, Diddy likes younger girls and quote, you fit what he's looking for. He allegedly invites her to an after party.


So not the VMAs. I can't get you in there, but I can, you can get into the after party. She claims once she got inside this large White House where the after party was being hosted, she was asked by two men to sign an NDA. They allegedly told her that she was not allowed to talk about what happened at this party. She gave them her name, signed a form, did not receive a copy. Jane Doe claims she saw a lot of celebrities at the party in which she was offered a later a reddish yellow drink, which tasted kind of like orange juice, cranberry juice, but something bitter in there. And after one drink, she allegedly starts feeling very woozy, lightheaded. She wants to lay down, she alleges, she tries to look for an empty room to light down. But sooner or later she claims Diddy, along with a male celebrity and another female celebrity entered the room.


Diddy allegedly approached Jane Doe with this craze look in his eyes, grabbed her and started screaming, are you ready to party? She alleges that she was essayed by Diddy while the other male celebrity and the female celebrity watched then the male celebrity essayed her. While Diddy and the female celebrity watched. Were they all named or no? No. Male Celebrity A Female Celebrity B. Okay, let's be fair. Money does make the world go round at times, and sometimes victims don't have access to things like therapy because they don't have the resources for that. So in these lawsuits, I, I don't like to bring up the topic of money because then it may, it becomes this whole, oh, victims want money. Victims want money. I mean, what else could Diddy give them other than an apology that would hurt him?


Right? He can't it. There's no eye for an eye in this country. Like it doesn't make sense. So it stated that potentially it's a technique where you don't list the celebrity, but you filed this lawsuit and you go to that celebrity privately and say, I haven't listed you yet, but if you don't wanna settle privately, I could list you. Like I could name you. Yeah, And I could file a lawsuit against you as well. So I guess we'll have to wait and see. Now in one lawsuit, John Doe alleges he attended a party around October, 2021. So this is very recent. He states there were several well-known artists in attendance, and he claims that he was drugged and gang ade in a separate lawsuit. Another Jane Doe alleges that after Diddy essayed her, he threatened her, you better not tell anyone about this or you will disappear.


A few establishments were also listed in a few of the new lawsuits, Macy's, the department store being one of them. In one lawsuit, John Doe alleges that in 2008, he was working for one of the more popular streetwear clothing brands called Echo Clothing. This is around the time when Diddy was trying to take Sean John to the next level. There they were Sean John's competitors. One day the lawsuit alleges Diddy comes into Macy's flagship store in Manhattan with three of his bodyguards. He allegedly stomps his way over to the stockroom pistol, whips the defendant, and forces him to perform orally while shouting, I will kill you at him, allegedly, while essaying him. Diddy is accused of pulling his hair while making derogatory comments like You, like that white boy.


The lawsuit continues that after the assault, combs proceeded to gather Sean Jonh merchandise from the stockroom, leaves the stockroom and headed out to the Macy's retail floor where he began passing out merchandise to an adoring crowd as if nothing happened. The lawsuit further alleges that John Doe went to Macy's security to report the assault. He was allegedly told by somebody that someone will come speak with you about what happened. But it never happened. Nobody came to speak with him and he alleges. Quote, shortly thereafter, Macy's stopped letting John Doe into the flagship Herald Square store. He further alleges that the CEO of Macy's pressured echo executives to fire John Doe because Macy's had just signed a multimillion dollar deal with Jean John Clothing.


This is crazy. Marriott International has also been named in one of the lawsuits as a defendant. The lawsuit states that Marriott management was well aware of Diddy's activities and management and other personnel quote looked the other way, essentially alleging that Diddy was able to commit sexual violence through use of Marriott's premises, hotel staff, and employees who were all allegedly profiting from subjectivities committed by Diddy. One lawsuit, REITs Combs manipulated both men and women to participate in highly orchestrated performances of sexual activity with both commercial sex workers and unsuspecting party goers. In some cases, these were individuals who were contractors or vendors. In other cases, they were random individuals pulled from a hotel lobby or show or off the street.


And in one of the more recent alleged cases of abuse, according to a lawsuit, John Doe claims to be a businessman from la. He attended a launch party for a new Ciroc product. According to the allegations listed, John Doe claims that he was invited. Since he already had this established working relationship with Diddy, John Doe works in LA specializing in renting out luxury cars and jewelry. So he's invited personally by Diddy is the allegation, which he thought this is a great way to network and market his business to other high profile clientele. So of course he goes. Now, according to the allegations, Diddy asks John to come into his private office, which isn't crazy 'cause John's thinking, okay, we're gonna talk some business. But instead, he claims Diddy was drunk, acting strange, and was moving closer and closer to John.


While taking off his pants, he alleges, he walks up to John and allegedly grabs John's genitals through his pants, squeezing them in a rough and sexual manner. The lawsuit further alleges the situation escalated until another individual professional athlete, a unnamed professional athlete, a entered the office and intervened, which ended the Combes assault on plaintiff of John Doe. There is another lawsuit filed by a John Doe, a personal trainer who claims he was assaulted by Diddy as well in 2022. The lawsuit alleges that John was invited to a party held by Diddy because he was impressed by his personal training and might wanna feature him in a video. The personal trainer was allegedly greeted at the door where he signed an NDA and upon entering, he claimed that he was given this alcoholic beverage that he had to drink as quote, another condition to gain entry into the party.


Once inside, the allegations further continue, John saw a ton of other celebrities there, which was overwhelming. He started feeling dizzy or disoriented, weak, which was weird because he only had one alcoholic beverage. He felt drugged. The lawsuit alleges that he was eight. He was guided into one of these smaller rooms where, quote, he observed approximately a dozen individuals, including several well-known figures who were engaging in group sex activities. The lawsuit reads, at this moment of realizing his significant impairment, combs approached plaintiff John and removed his pants and began performing non-consensual oral sex on him combs and directed John to perform oral sex on another individual in the room known as celebrity. A.


Due to the haze of the drug, he had been clandestinely served. John Doe could not resist combs, coercion and ordering. He felt trapped inside of his body, unable to control it and understand what was happening around him. As a result, John Doe was forced to perform non-consensual oral sex onto celebrity. A after celebrity, A finished this individual spit into plaintiff's mouth. The lawsuit further alleges while in and out of consciousness. Individuals at the party forced plaintiff into sexual acts with both men and women. And quote, these individuals, including combs, essentially passed plaintiff's drug body around like a party favor for their sexual enjoyment. When plaintiff finally regained consciousness, he found himself outside of his apartment, disoriented without a shirt and without his phone.


Plaintiff is unaware who took him back to the apartment or how he got there. He alleges that this happened on the night of the BET awards. Wait, is this 2022, Was that another one that was mentioned Earlier? This is the, this is the further the same, yes, but more Detail. Same person. Yes, same person. Okay, and another allegation filed in a lawsuit. Jane Doe claims she was invited to a party in December of 2022. She claims she noticed all of Diddy's employees at the house party pushing drugs onto the guests, the staff she alleges. She only drank a single glass of wine where the allegation is she felt trapped inside of her body and then Diddy allegedly essayed her. The lawsuit reads, plaintiff discovered blood on her legs from her vaginal area and bruising on her hip.


She also found deep imprints on her arms and wrists suggesting that she had been tied with ropes. Additionally, she felt significant pain and soreness in her vaginal region. Do you know who Aaron Hall is? He's a huge r and b singer from back in the day. He was listed as one of the defendants in one of the lawsuits. Liza Gardner alleges in her lawsuit that Diddy and Aaron Hall had taken her and her friend back to Erin Hall's apartment for a party. This was way back then, and Liza remembers being offered more drinks and coerced into having intimate relations with Diddy. She alleges that after Diddy was done, she just laid in the bed, shocked and traumatized. As soon as she's trying to get dressed, Erin Hall allegedly barges into the room, pins her down, and forces her to have intimate relations with him.


When he finally leaves her alone, she claims she quickly got dressed, ran out of there, and her friend was also allegedly essayed by the two. She said that they swapped rooms. So while Diddy was allegedly Essaying, Liza, Erin Hall was with her friend, and then they quote swapped and they switched. Liza thought perhaps the nightmare was over, but a few days later, she states that her door to the apartment slams open. Diddy runs in and allegedly starts choking her until she passes out. She said that he was scared that the girls were gonna tell his girlfriend at the time what happened, not the police, but the girlfriend, Which was, I believe not someone famous at the time. Okay. Aaron Hall, the RB singer.


He hasn't responded to the allegations, but an old interview of his has been popping back up. It's pretty bad. I feel some citizens feel as if he has admitted right then and there, but it's up for you to decide. A lot of people remember him being one of the smoothest, more romantic r and b singers back in the day, but turns out he likes to brag about being a pimp, quote pimp because his grandfather was a pimp. He also states in an interview, girls with the quote, fresh out the pussy shit. Think they can get a man like Aaron Hall. I'm historical dick. They fuck with me. It's a big dick. Everybody know my son's mother.


What? Furthermore, he states that the mother of his son is a puppy because he impregnated her when she was 16 years old. He refers to her as a puppy because she was a minor and he was in his thirties at the time. He states, I didn't know she was a puppy. Sometimes when I see a puppy on the field when I'm dog training, I think it's a year or two old and it'd be like eight months. So I don't know. So when I saw her, everybody was trying to get at her, so I took her. The whole interview is a bizarre telling on himself. Rant. He continues, if you can't handle my dick, you ain't getting my last name. So I've been single for 50 years. If a bitch touched my dick and say, my dick is small, then she's a lying bitch. He goes on to rant about how everyone he knows, knows how he fucks.


That's his words, quote fucks and how large his quote Dick is. Even puffy and Jodeci have seen him. Fuck they know. That's his claim. He says Puffy and them know how big I am. He was 50 years old At this interview? Yeah. Oh yeah. I think he's like 60 now. Yeah. Wow. Huh. And he's like screaming these things. He's, it's very scary. Yeah. Like he is someone I would be terrified to be in a room with as a woman. Yeah. He's genuinely terrifying. He admits in the podcast, I can say to you that I've smacked a lot of bitches and gone off on a lot of bitches, but it's because I've never been raised or been had my mother cook me any meals.


So he is saying it's his mom's fault that he beats women. He says, when you're with a girl, you don't go nowhere unless we say go somewhere. I just personally feel like he should not be allowed alone with any woman or child or really any other sane human being within like a one mile radius of him. He also states if he goes into a studio and a guy is arguing with a girl, then he goes off on that girl without even knowing what's going on because he doesn't want his friend to be perceived as weak. That's crazy. That is like the most weakest, insecure video I've ever seen in my entire life. I mean, it's not necessarily an admission of guilt per se, but a lot of medicines have read in between the lines, or rather the lack thereof and the comments read.


Let them talk long enough and they will tell on themselves. Just hearing him speak. I believe every word that that woman has said, Diddy's attorneys have responded No matter how many lawsuits are filed, it won't change the fact that Mr. Combs has never sexually assaulted or sex trafficked anyone. We live in a world where anyone can file a lawsuit for any reason and without any proof, which side note I mean. Yeah, but Technically, what about the indictment? Fortunately, a fair and impartial judicial process exists to find the truth, and Mr. Combs is confidence he will prevail against these and other baseless claims in court. Tony Busby claims there are plans in the works to sue several other celebrities who allegedly helped Diddy cover up the essay at his parties.


In fact, Tony hints at the fact that a few, a-list celebrities have already settled with victims in private. He says, because it's in the best interest of the victims, we attempt to resolve these matters without the filing of a public lawsuit, and we have done that already. We've done that with a handful of individuals, many of which you've heard of before, and we will continue to do that. Wow. Who is this? Tony Buzzby. He's a very, he's a fascinating attorney. He has some interesting political views. He has parked a tank outside of his house like he is a, he's a larger than life character that I would say if he were not representing victims, people would not really like this man very much.


I see. I think that he's involved in a lot of high profile lawsuits. I know that he is like suing the NFL right now or something like that. Something to do with sports. He's going up against a huge sports team or something. I see. I see. Some people think that he's an ambulance chaser. Some people think I mean Technically. He could file as many lawsuits as he wants with enough due diligence, and he can get all the good press he wants, so we don't know. Right. He states that people are going to be very shocked at the names that will come out during the course of this investigation. He states, the youngest of his clients was nine years old at the time of The Alleged assault. He states that the young boy was taken from an audition in New York City with bad boy records. They were allegedly sexually abused by Diddy and several others in the studio on the promise of getting him a record deal.


So in regards to the new lawsuits filed, it appears in response to attorney Tony Busby, Diddy's attorneys have called the Barrage of Lawsuits, a quote, clear attempt to garner publicity. Mr. Combs and his legal team have full confidence in the facts, their legal defense and the integrity of the judicial process in court. The truth will prevail that Mr. Combs has never essayed anyone, adult or minor man or woman. In response, Diddy's legal team have made some filings of their own one to identify the anonymous victims that have filed lawsuits against Diddy. The filing states request that the court direct the government to identify its alleged victims so that Mr. Combs can prepare for trial stating that due to the high profile nature of the case, this has had a pervasive ripple effects resulting in a torrent of allegations by unidentified complaints spanning from false to outright absurd.


Counsel for these accusers alluding to Tony Busby recently convened a press conference prior to filing, at which he claimed to represent 120 accusers, making outrageous and deeply prejudicial allegations including violent essay and sexual abuse of minors. These accusations came on the heels of more than a dozen lawsuits previously filed and currently pending, several of which have already been discredited, but only after irreparably damaging Mr. Combs character and reputation. These swirling accusations have created a hysterical media circus that if left unchecked will irreparably deprive Mr. Combs of a fair trial. And if they haven't already, side note, Tony Busby does state that they've vet all the allegations like I said, he stated to the New York Times that they have more than a hundred screeners and 30 lawyers working on each allegation to vet it.


And then I'm sure once they get vetted, Tony Busby and his attorneys that write these lawsuits that file them, they're vetting once more. That's not me defending him or saying it must be true. Then I'm just giving you both sides because it seems many citizens are wondering about the validity of so many lawsuits. Side note, a judge presiding over one of the cases where if you remember from part two, Jane Doe filed a lawsuit alleging she was gang essayed by Diddy and Harvey Pierre then President of Bad Boy records, she was flown on the private jet from Michigan. Yes. The judge granted Diddy's team motion to reveal her identity if she wants to continue pressing charges. The judge states, the court recognizes that public disclosure of doe's identity could have a significant impact on her, particularly given the graphic and disturbing allegations In this case, they acknowledge that, but the court points to previous cases stating Indeed similar motions to proceed anonymously in sexual assault lawsuits involving public figures, including Kevin Spacey and Harvey Weinstein were likewise denied for those reasons.


And as further detailed, the court denies plaintiff's motion to remain anonymous. Hmm. I guess we will just have to wait and see if the others face the same situation. Diddy's attorneys have also asked the judge to impose a gag order of sorts. So this gag order seems more so towards the victims or The Alleged victims and their legal representatives. They state, as the court is aware, Mr. Combs has been the target of an unending stream of allegations by prospective witnesses and their counsel in the press. These prospective witnesses and their lawyers have made numerous inflammatory extra judicial statements aimed at assassinating Mr. Combs character in the press.


They have a whole list of articles as examples. One, even being from Cassie's lawsuit where after Diddy apologizes, if you will, for the hotel video, the hotel assault video being leaked, her attorney responds more or less that when Cassie and other victims came forward, he denied everything and suggested that everyone was looking for a payday. But now look, he's only compelled to apologize once his repeated denials were proven false shows his pathetic desperation and no one will be swayed by his disingenuous words. That is what Cassie's attorney said, which I mean? They're stating that it's prejudicial for an attorney to say that. What? Yeah. Stating several of these lawyers have made shockingly prejudicial and false allegations of sexual assault and abuse of minors.


The details of which need not be repeated. In another part of this filing, it reads, these statements undoubtedly threaten Mr. Combs right to a fair trial and no other remedies exist. This court should exercise its discretion in issuing an order requiring all potential witnesses and their counsel to refrain from making extra judicial statements that have a likelihood to interfere with Mr. Combs trial, which a lot of people have a lot to say about Diddy's legal team. They are Technically the dream team, if you will. The lineup of lawyers he has is out of this world. He is Mark Anello. He actually wrapped Keith Ranieri, the leader of the nx, IM cult, the sex cult that was also charged with racketeering and sex trafficking.


Keith Ranieri was sentenced to 120 years in prison. So there's that. They have Anthony Rico, who was, who most notably represented the secretary for Osama Bin Laden, the World Trade Center Bomber. Yeah. And then we have Alexandra Shapiro. She's particularly well known in high profile white collar criminal cases. She was a clerk for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Rest in peace. She re, Sam Bankman freed the crypto FTX crypto fraud billionaire. Then we have Tenny Rose Geragos. She's the daughter of another famous attorney, mark Geragos, who's actually representing the Menendez brothers in their fight to be released. Wow. So this is like a dream team. He's also repping the ketamine queen that's involved in Matthew Perry's overdose death case.


He's known as like a Hollywood attorney. He's previously Reed Chris Brown in the Rihanna assault case, as well as Michael Jackson in the ca allegations. Whoa. Accusations. So all the big names. Yes. I mean truly the legal dream team, and they're coming in strong to his defense, which some people think is great. Others are like, this strategy is very strange because prior to Diddy's arrest back in December of 2023, Diddy took to Twitter to write Enough is enough. For the last couple of weeks I've sat silently and watched people try to assassinate my character, destroy my reputation and my legacy. Sickening allegations have been made against me by individuals looking for a quick payday. Let me be absolutely clear.


I I did not do any of the awful things being alleged. I will fight for my name, my family, and my truth. Sean Diddy Combs. So obviously a lot has changed in the past year. Diddy is now in prison with many more lawsuits headed his way, but it appears that he is adamant to fight this out. And I don't know if it's just him pushing his attorneys or if it's attorneys advising him. Some people think the attorneys are advising him to fight this out in trial because they make a lot more money if he does versus if he were to plead guilty. Some people are saying, why would he plead guilty when his I mean nobody likes him. He's never gonna make a comeback, and even if he pleads guilty, likely he'll get nothing less than life in prison.


Wow. The attorneys have made some very controversial statements, though. They emphasize, yes, Diddy is not a perfect person. He has used drugs in the past. He has been in quote, toxic relationships. People hate that. People hate that, but they continue. But he's committed to getting therapy and treatment for things that he needs therapy and treatment for. Again, very vague. They argue the evidence in this case is extremely problematic. His attorneys are trying to dispute this sex trafficking charge by stating that these people are, quote, they're coming into his man, this man's bedroom. Is it sex trafficking? Not if everybody wants to be there. The attorneys also state that any sort of comparison with Diddy and r Kelly or Diddy and Epstein doesn't make sense at all.


Quote, this is different. These were consenting adults. There's evidence not of sex trafficking, but of being caught being unfaithful. He was in a 10 year loving relationship through dark periods. Again alluding to Cassie's relationship with Diddy as a 10 year loving relationship with dark periods. Diddy's attorneys continue. Diddy has referenced the hotel footage as a human story of love, hurt, and heartbreak, which I have to say I am human. I have also endured love, hurt and heartbreak. I have never, not a single time in my life, in this little brain of mine fought to beat someone up to repackage. Domestic violence as love is honestly as unhinged as it humanly gets.


It's the worst approach. Yeah. They continue to state. He came to New York to basically engage the court system and start the case, and it'll start today and he's going to plead not guilty. He's going to fight this With all of his energy and all of his might and all the full confidence of his lawyers. He is dealing with this head on the way. He has dealt with every challenge in his life, which is such an interesting moment for a motivational insert. One of his attorneys, Anthony Rico, states that Diddy is going to make the best of a difficult situation. Dr. King, what does that mean? Martin Luther King, whoa. Dr. King called it the law of unintended consequences.


Sometimes the more you push a person down, the stronger they get. Recently, Diddy's attorneys have accused the US government of leaking evidence to the media, including the hotel footage with Cassie. His attorneys state that they demand an evidentiary hearing to investigate quote, government misconduct in connection with the leaks. They state that The Alleged government leaks, quote, have led to damaging highly prejudicial pretrial publicity that can only taint the jury pool and deprive Mr. Combs of a right to a fair trial. They state the hotel video is the most egregious example of The Alleged misconduct by the government, stating one of a long and documented history of leaks and false statements made with one purpose to savage Mr. Combs reputation prior to trial.


The leaks have resulted in damaging and highly prejudicial media coverage, particularly sensationalizing the investigation and involvement of Mr. Combs family. Along with that, the attorneys have requested government agencies, including the Department of Homeland Security, the one that rated his homes to reveal emails, documents, records related to The Alleged leaks place a gag order that barred government personnel from disclosing case evidence or investigative material, or even making statements really prior to the upcoming trial. They are so scared. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, please don't say no more. Like Don't let them see anymore. Yeah. They are like, imagine what else. They are like terrified of people finding out.


Yeah. The prosecutors firmly deny such accusations and a lot of people who have worked with the feds or have worked as a federal agent prior, they say the Feds don't play with stuff like this. Like the feds are the last people to leak stuff. I mean, maybe you could talk about your local sheriff's office, you could talk about state government. The feds do not play because when the feds bring a case against someone, they're not jeopardizing anything. Mm. They are, they're here to win. Like these feds do not play. They're not gonna do something like leak a video. Right. Got it. So that the whole trial can get thrown out. They're not dumb. I see. Is what a lot of people who have worked with the feds say. The prosecutors also firmly deny the accusation.


They state the government was not in possession of the video before its publication by CNN. There is thus no factual basis for the defendant's claim that the government leaked the video to CNN essentially arguing how can you leak something that you don't have. On top of that, the prosecutors are, this is like a bit of a exaggeration, but they're like coming from the man who's doing a full interview with TMZ because the defense attorneys are saying, the prosecutors keep making statements to the public and it's not making our client look good. It's like interfering with his right to a fair trial. And the prosecutors are like, mark, didn't you just do a full interview with TMZ? They argue, he basically accused the government of running a racist prosecution, which, okay, mark stated I mean, I think these are the statements that the prosecutors are alluding to.


He stated, we are disappointed with the decision to pursue what we believe is an unjust prosecution of Mr. Combs by the US Attorney's office. Sean Diddy Combs is a music icon, self-made, entrepreneur, loving family man and proven philanthropist who has spent the last 30 years building an empire, adoring his children and working to uplift the black community. To his credit, Mr. Combs has been nothing but cooperative with the investigation and he voluntarily relocated to New York last week. In anticipation of these charges, please reserve your judgment. These are the acts of an innocent man with nothing to hide, and he looks forward to clearing his name in court. He also tries to dispute the sex trafficking charges. It's a shakedown of a successful black man, and they state that the federal agents are investigating him for sexual misconduct as quote a last prestige because Diddy's businesses are fine and he pays taxes.


Yeah. So the prosecutors are like, you accused us of being racist. We didn't leak anything. So That is a crazy, like, I wonder if they didn't leak it then who did? Yeah. And what, how much like pools and how many like powers or whatever is being, I don't know. It's really, yeah. Fascinating. Yeah. There's so much going on behind the scenes. A side note, it seems like there could be a lot of strategies at play for accusing the government of leaking the video. One, it could get thrown out as evidence in the trial, so the jury could potentially not be shown the footage of him beating Cassie.


However, I don't think, I feel like there's gonna be lots of other evidence that they will be seeing. Two, the lawyers could argue that this compromise his right to a fair trial and alleged prosecutorial misconduct, which would be a violation of Diddy's rights, which could potentially help with a change of venue to be outside of New York or other accommodations like they could call for an evidentiary hearing, which the judge may grant to the defense to investigate The Alleged leak, which could delay the proceedings. But potentially it would reveal more information to the defense attorneys about what the prosecutors are building their case on, Because they get to get some privy information like emails and communications between the prosecutors or an extreme extreme, highly unlikely.


In this case, it could lead to a dismissal of the charges entirely, which is very highly unlikely in this case. Or it could just be a public play, accuse the government of leaks, just cast a shadow of doubt on the integrity of the government, on the integrity of the judicial system. Just plant a seed in people's minds. It could be any of those, right. It appears a lot of things are gonna come to light during the trial. For example, Howard University had awarded Diddy with an honorary degree in 2014, but With, all the new allegations, they have unanimously voted to rescind the degree. So they're like, we take it back. They state Mr. Combs behavior as captured in a recently released video is so fundamentally incompatible with Howard University's core values and beliefs that he is deemed no longer worthy to hold the institution's.


Highest honor What? University Howard. Oh. Which is actually where he went, right? Right. Yes. And what's so interesting is that Diddy did actually attend Howard, and in a Rolling Stone interview, they found a bunch of his former colleagues and peers, and they said that they could see his controlling and abusive side since way back when they were college kids. He was well known on campus before he was known as Diddy. They said that he was just the guy that threw insane college parties. He would drive a convertible around and pass out flyers to his parties. They were iconic, but some woman at h Howard knew to stay away from him. They would warn each other. One woman said Diddy would caress her back and kept asking her to meet, meet his friends.


Another woman essentially states, I didn't even go to his parties, but he tried to cut me in line in the cafeteria. And I said, that's not acceptable behavior. And he just quote, flew off the handle. But the most alarming was if you interviewed, said they were in the same class as Diddy and one of Diddy's girlfriends. And they just remember that he was pretty aggressive and violent with her, that They would see him beat his girlfriend. They alleged that he would beat his girlfriend in college. They remember hearing him screaming outside the dorms in a quote belligerent manner. And once the dorm mates were told, puff Puff is out there crazy, he's just like beating his girlfriend. So if he was acting like that in college in front of all of his, all of his college classmates, people say I mean he's a narcissist.


He thinks he can explain. He actually wants a trial at this point. Another just writes, given his level of arrogance, he would probably enjoy a trial and watch everyone go down with him. I think he wants to see these victims cross examined, especially Cassie, because it can be very traumatizing. Mm. But you say like the whole thing right now is gonna be private. Right? The The trial. The trial is, it's in federal court. So federal cases, they don't allow in cameras, and they allow in a very select group of press and family and the public. So like you would have to either queue in line, sometimes you would have to get press badges to get in. Like it's, this one I think is gonna be highly regulated. It's not gonna be live streamed on, you know, anywhere.


I see. Yeah. It's going to be a very, very intense trial. Federal prosecutors are known to be absolutely ruthless. Typically I mean take that as you will. And they've made statements that they might not even be done with Diddy on these charges alone. Additionally, there's conversations that there might be further weapons and drug charges tacked on to the long list of accusations and charges that Diddy will be facing in court. Because you remember there were the assault rifles found in his Miami home. They were found with the serial numbers defaced, which you're not supposed to do. It is illegal in most jurisdictions because it makes it really hard to trace the weapons origin, and ownership history, which why would you not want that traced? Also, the fact that the rifles are disassembled experts, say strongly suggest deliberate attempts to evade detection in law enforcement, which could be viewed as evidence of criminal intent.


It seems like Diddy's attorney suggested that it belonged to Diddy's security detail, but the prosecutor's hit back. I don't dispute that Mr. Combs has used armed security, but it is incredulous that armed security in a professional security company would have defaced AR fifteens and store them in pieces in the defendant's personal closet. That is just absurd. It's also said the defendant Diddy tested positive for ecstasy and or other drugs. The prosecutors state, they may file and bring a superseding indictment, meaning more potential charges once all the data from the seized devices are extracted, which has been reported, like I said, a hundred devices with 90 terabytes of data on there. 90 terabytes is a lot of data.


Now, just to be clear, there could be years and years of music. There could be all of the security footage from his home that just was never reset or replaced or deleted. There's no indication that 90 terabytes of data is on nefarious. But just to give you an idea of how much is on there, that's about 18,000 movies, 22 and a half full length movies, or about 45 hours of video content or 18 million songs. Wow. It's a lot of data. It's a lot to soar through too. Yeah. Wow. The DA's office have stated in regards to Diddy's case. Now I wanna be clear about two things. First, this office is determined to investigate and prosecute anyone who engages in sex trafficking.


No matter how powerful or wealthy or famous you may be, no one should doubt our commitment on that. Second, we are not done. This investigation is ongoing. And I would not doubt them. This is the Southern District of New York. They are widely regarded as one of the most aggressive federal prosecutors' offices in the entire nation. All the attorneys in that office are typically highly respected in the legal community. I don't know about loved, but highly respected, highly feared. They're known to be winners. They don't come to play. Yeah. There are a lot of conspiracies surrounding the Diddy case, though. The four main ones, well, I wanna say like the three main ones circulating being Diddy, has been cloned.


There are tunnels under Diddy's La Mansion that lead to the Playboy mansion, and three that Diddy openly blackmailed the people on the So-called Diddy List by reading out their names on Instagram. So let's break down each of the conspiracies really quick. One, the clone conspiracy. This is similar to the conspiracy theory that Epstein was replaced in prison and the real Epstein is not dead. He's somewhere out there. People on social media have been analyzing Diddy's face, pre-arrest. The main point of contention being he has this mole on his cheek, and they're comparing those photos to a supposed mugshot and noticing that his facial features are different, mainly in this supposed mugshot.


His mole is gone, the mole is gone, and they're like, how does the mole disappear right now? The problem here is the mugshot that's been circulating is not Diddy's actual mugshot. There were some issues. The first mugshot circulating of him was a real mugshot, but it was from the nineties. So obviously he's gonna look a little bit different. He's gonna look definitely more aged. Now. That was when he was previously arrested. The second mugshot of him circulating is not his mugshot. His mugshot from his 2024 arrest has yet to be released. Are you saying it's a AI photo? I don't know if it's ai. I don't know if it's Photoshopped. Oh, wow. Yeah. That is not, I'm sure you already know exactly what mugshot I'm talking about. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah. I've seen it.


But that's not a real photo. Wow. No. Yeah. Which generally mugshots are public record. So this is where people are like, it has to be his mugshot because why isn't his mugshot out there? Authorities in certain jurisdictions are becoming a bit more cautious about releasing mugshots due to the privacy concern about potential reputational harm prior to a trial. So to make the conspiracy even deeper, Diddy's private jet has been reported to be operating and flying around the world, making various stops in places like New Zealand. So you have a group of people who believe this is his mugshot, and they think he looks nothing like the mugshot. So it must be a clone or a lookalike. And then another group of people who understand, that's likely not his mugshot, but it's just, it's weird.


Why did they not release his mugshot? They quote, in all seriousness, where is his mugshot, if not a mugshot, a video of the bail, hearing anything showing that he's actually in jail. The hotel arrest video is not enough for me. I wanna see some evidence which side note, like I said, there's no cameras in the court hearings or trial hearings or anything in federal court. So the fact that there's no footage of him is par for the course. But people think it's weird. And as for the private jet, I will say it is not unusual for wealthy individuals to charter their jets when they're not using it. Especially in Diddy's case, where he might even be looking to sell the aircraft. According to his attorneys, he's in jail, he's not using it. His daughter's passports were given to his attorneys.


I'm not sure if his sons are flying around or if it's family, friends, unclear or if it's being chartered, or if it's being flown around to be propositioned for a sale. So again, it's not the most alarming. The second theory though, the conspiracy is that there are tunnels under Diddy's mansion that lead to the Playboy mansion. Following the raids of Diddy's homes. There were these social media posts, screenshots of a supposed CNN broadcast that suggested authorities had found underground tunnels inside of Diddy's house, which everyone thought was weird, strange. And then later he's indicted for sex trafficking. Everyone is wondering, what are those supposed tunnels being used for then? Sex trafficking tunnels. I mean that makes sense.


But those tunnels have to lead somewhere, and where would they be leading to? That would make sense. Interestingly enough, the Playboy Mansion, which there are sex trafficking theories around the Playboy Mansion and the Playboy magazine and all of that is only a few houses down. It's not on the same street, but it's a few houses down. They say these are the rumors and conversation circulating. And for years, there have actually been rumors that there are Playboy hidden tunnels under the Playboy mansion. and now Diddy's House allegedly has tunnels according to a Playboy magazine article. It's since been deleted, but one of the Playboy editors had been pulling photos for a project they were working on when they found what looked like these archived Polaroids of what looks like someone taking pictures behind the Playboy mansion.


But all the dirt is dug up. It looks like an excavation is taking place. Some sort of large scale project is being done on the mansion. They ask their managers about the Polaroids they found, why are they digging so much? What? What's going on? He just tells them nonchalantly, oh, it's probably from when they built the tunnels in the seventies. The what? The editor starts looking for more things We what? Tunnels? Like what do you, what do you mean tunnels? I haven't seen tunnels. Sure enough, they claim that they found blueprints of tunnels that connect the Playboy mansion to other wealthy homes in the area in the very wealthy billionaires row of Los Angeles. But how come the editors didn't know about the tunnels? One colleague tells him, oh yeah, I heard they were closed up sometime in the eighties, so like maybe 10 years after they were built.


Now the whole tunnel thing has been shut down by playboy.com. And Hugh Hefner himself, which take that as you will, the article they posted was published on April 1st. Does that mean it's an April Fool's prank, or are they just in hindsight saying, nevermind, that was an April Fool's joke. That's up for debate. But how does this connect to Diddy? It's said that the houses, like I said, are a few houses down, and maybe the tunnels are connected, but it seems like largely there are not hidden tunnels under the Playboy mansion. And in addition, that CNN screenshot that was circulating, that showed authorities discovering underground tunnels in Diddy's mansion, they're not real, is a fake screenshot.


So no evidence. No, it's just rumors right now. And the only place, yeah, it's been largely debunked. I don't wanna say it's not true because what do I know? I've never been down there to investigate, but it just doesn't seem, it doesn't seem like it exists. The only place it seems that there is a statement of some sort of tunnel in Diddy's Home is on his real estate listing for his now on the market mansion stating that it has a quote, lagoon style swimming pool with a grotto connected by an underwater swimming tunnel. And these are like small typically, and they're fun pools. I See. So as for right now, it seems like this conspiracy is not verified and or true and is likely false.


Now third, the conspiracy is Diddy was blackmailing people, a-list celebrities out in the open from his Diddy List. There is this odd video, perhaps he's threatening them. He's sitting in front of the massive metal Kim Porter bust of his LA mansion with this young boy in his lap, and he starts listing names from, from a paper, and the little boy starts yelling those names out. Drake, Drake, Oprah, Jennifer Lopez, Arod, will Smith, Alicia Keys, Justin Bieber, Kevin Hart, mark Wahlberg, Snoop, DJ Khaled, Chris Brown, Naomi Campbell, Jessica Alba, usher, Demi Lovato, Diplo, Carol Levine car, Kara de Levine, the conspiracy being, these are all people on the Diddy List that he is now blackmailing out in the open.


He's telling them, Hey, stay in line. But it has been debunked. This is the list of all the people that we're going to be part of his online danceathon during Covid to raise money for charity, which did in fact happen. They all online. What Danceathon? What's that? They danced on livestream for charity. Oh. And they all got on camera and danced on livestream with Diddy. So they, they were like live streaming with him. So they didn't go to his house or anything. Right. Okay. Yeah. So 'cause quarantine, regardless, people are heavily spreading and side eyeing this video and the list of names. Now, I do wanna mention before we head into the, so-called Diddy List, even the term Diddy's list has been penned by social media users.


There is no official list, at least none that we know of, and that authorities have released. Some people have taken to creating their own versions of lists on social media, and some of them just about include everyone in Hollywood that has ever been to any single party or function that Diddy was at, which is quite a lot of functions. I think Diddy was an unavoidable connection in the industry. People wanted to be around him, they wanted to party with him. But if he was a serial abuser, like the claims alleged, it's still very unlikely that all of Hollywood knew about it. I think that a lot of people probably did. To what degree? I don't know. I mean, I think to the degree that he was violent with women, maybe more likely than the freak offs or these alleged other incidents.


But it doesn't seem like he was abusing everyone he could get his hands on and trying to victimize every celebrity or rope them into things it, or that everybody that was friends with Diddy knew what he was allegedly doing. This is not a defense of Hollywood, by the way. I think Hollywood has so many problems. Right? But I just don't think every single person in Hollywood knew was complicit and participated. The authorities have not stated that they're looking into anyone else. None of these people, at least to our knowledge, have been questioned, investigated, or charged. I think we're heading into somewhat dangerous territory where we're just running with rumors without significant evidence, and it could be detrimental to many people's lives. So I'm gonna run down the list of names that have popped up in most of the research in association with Diddy and the Diddy's List, and explain to you why some medicines believe that they are either perpetrators alongside Diddy, or are victims of Diddy.


But again, these I mean none of these people have been investigated, charged, or convicted of anything related to Diddy. Even Diddy himself is innocent until proven guilty for the current charges that he faces. So this is just me recapping online discourse that you can find online. I'm not taking one side or the other. I'm just trying to present all the sites. The first being on the list, Ashton Kutcher. There are a few key pieces of media and backstory on why people think Ashton Kutcher is connected to Diddy. He was pictured at many of Diddy's White parties going as far to host one with Diddy. He has a longstanding friendship with Diddy. I will say Ashton Kutcher the pieces of media that are being dug up and found and reposted.


It's definitely weird. Yeah. I mean, that's all I can say. It's weird. At the 2003 MTV movie Awards, Ashton and Diddy are presenting the award for the best villain. Davy Chase, who played the little girl in the Ring movie, she was 13 years old, I believe at this, at the time of this award, she wins. The award comes onto stage where Ashton Kutcher hugs her Diddy kissing her cheek, which a lot of medicines don't like how they constantly feel the need to physically be in contact with this little girl that is not like a fa like a family member. It's just kind of weird. People are stating, right? But you get to make your own decision on that later, though, this is the weird part. Backstage Diddy asks this little girl if she's coming to the after party, but the way that Zens believe that he's looking at her is very bizarre.


So he's not even trying to play into the, oh, you're 13 in Hollywood. It's not like, are you gonna come to the after party? Parents need to come with you. It's not even like that. It's like he's sipping his drink and peering over his sunglasses at her. People thought it was very predatory looking. She just nods her head and he says, yeah, about her coming to the after party, which right now there is a lawsuit against Diddy that he allegedly essayed a 13-year-old girl at an awards after party. Which, just to clarify, this is not Jane Doe in the lawsuit. The timeline and ages don't match. So I'm not even insinuating that. But NEDs believe this clip now feels very sinister. Given the new lawsuit in 2008, the two of them, Ashton Kutcher and Diddy were on the late Late show, which James corded, where Ashton said, we are spending a lot of time together.


By the way, if you're a single man, there's probably no greater human being in the entire world than him. Diddy. We were having a lot of fun together. It wasn't just like going out. We were watching football games hanging out. Go in a shop. If you are a single man, there's no greater person In the world than Diddy to hang out with. Yeah. Whoa. In a Hot Ones interview in 2019, he's asked about Diddy's party stories by the amazing host to which he responds. Yeah. Wow. Okay. I've got a lot. I can't tell. This is Ashton Kutcher. He looks like he starts thinking about them, what happened at the parties, and he says, I'm like cycling through them right now.


Yeah. We became fast friends. You know, we used to hang out, watch football together. It's just kind of an odd clip. Then there are the allegations swirling that Ashton and Mila Kuni were breaking up divorcing recently to which one? Alleged source states. Ashton has no involvement in any of this. He doesn't even belong in this conversation with Diddy because people are saying if they're gonna break up, why would they be breaking up? Right now they have children together. Is it because Diddy was arrested? Is it because of all this Diddy stuff that's going on? So does that mean he's involved with Diddy because why else would she break up with him? So the source says Ashton has only seen Diddy in a handful of social and business events, all of which have been documented by the media. But some medicines disagree. Some medicines even link Britney Murphy's death to Kim Porter and Diddy.


So if you recall in part two, Diddy's longtime girlfriend and mother to his four children, Kim Porter died of pneumonia. Many ENTs and even some family members have been hinting that they should have a second investigation into Kim Porter's death. But ENTs also pointed out that pneumonia is not the most fatal condition. I'm not saying it's not fatal, but Zens are saying, as long as you have access to high quality healthcare, you don't have a compromised immune system and you're otherwise young and healthy, which by all accounts, it seems Kim Porter was, the way she passed was just weird to Zens. Side note, Brittany Murphy is Ashton Kutcher's, ex-girlfriend. They were dating a while. Ashton was publicly seen often with Diddy and with Brittany Murphy.


So they all clearly had some sort of working relationship or friendship. It seems Brittany Murphy passed away from pneumonia as well after she and Ashton break up. She's remarried at this point. Interestingly enough, her husband passes away from pneumonia a few months later. There's a lot more to their deaths. Her husband was allegedly friends with a personal trainer that was friends with Diddy. There's some other connections there. There's a lot. The part that people are focusing on right now is Brittany Murphy was connected to Ashton Kutcher. Kim Porter was connected to Diddy and both women died suspiciously in some people's opinions at a relatively young age from pneumonia. And the coroner who did their reports after their deaths are the same person. To be fair, they were both in LA County, so it makes sense, but some people think it's very strange.


The theory goes a step further. ENTs have stated that if you look up baby oil and if it's harmful to you by ingestion, it's usually minimally toxic. So you're, it's minimally toxic if you ingest baby oil. But if you accidentally breathe baby oil, you could get serious complications called aspiration pneumonia. I don't know if this is a solid link. I will say the theory goes really, really deep. There's a lot more that ENTs have been pointing out, but I think that would warrant a whole new episode into Brittany Murphy's death and the death of her husband because there's just a lot. There's a lot. And people, I will say Ashton Kocher being on this, so-called Social Media pend Diddy's List is less of, 'cause some of the other celebrities, it's like they posted pictures together.


Mm. They said we're besties, right? And it's kind of like, okay, well, we don't really know. Ashton Kutcher, I will say, does have a shady history. He has made very bizarre comments about waiting for young celebrities to turn 18. He said Hillary Duff is in the Lizzie McGuire movie. She's also has an album out. She's going to be in the movie called Cheaper by the Dozen, and she's one of the girls that we're all waiting to turn 18 along with the Olson twins. She was 15 years old when he said that. Then him and his now wife, Mila Kuni did an interview where they talked about their time on the seventies show where Ashton was 19 at the time, had a $10 bet with another CoStar to go and make out with Mila Kuni. He's 19, she was 14.


Yeah. Mila says about the incident, you made a bet with Danny about my first kiss. I had never kissed a guy. I was a 14-year-old girl. I was scared for my life. Which side note Danny that they're referring to is a man named Danny Masterson. He was an actor that was accused and convicted of raping two women in his Hollywood Hills home. He was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison. It stated that he drugged and violently essayed his victims, which the part that's alarming is Ashton and Mila Kuni wrote character letters supporting him prior to the sentencing they wrote to the judge. They stated that Ashton viewed Danny as a role model and knows him as a quote, an extraordinarily honest and intentional human being, which yeah, sa is pretty intentional.


So he states that he trusts Danny with his own children. Mila Kuni described Danny Masterson as having quote, exceptional character and quote, innate goodness, which what the worst part of all of this is that Ashton ran Thorn, an anti-child sex abuse organization that he co-founded with his ex-wife, Demi Moore. He has since stepped down, but people are even side eyeing this formation of the organization, wondering if he's overcompensating for something allegedly. Again, not alleging that he did anything, just stating it's weird. Like how can you have this organization and have so many shady friends? Speaking of Demi Moore, his ex-wife, she also wrote in her book that Ashton cheated on her multiple times.


She was insecure about being older than him, and she describes in her book that she was pressured into having threesomes with Ashton, and that was ultimately one of the reasons why their relationship and marriage fell apart. And if people are following with the Diddy case, there's a lot of group activities that are being alleged. So that's just another somewhat of an association connection that people are drawing together, whether it's by fact or not. I can't tell you. He's also had some other small controversies, like a football coach was fired for allegedly saying a minor. Ashton tweeted, how do you fire Joe p hashtag insult? Hashtag no class as a Hawkeye fan. I find it in poor taste, which he later claims he didn't know the reason of the coach's termination and he fully recants the tweet.


But people just think it's a lot of similarly related controversies that he's been embroiled in and similar same arena as some of the controversies and allegations against Diddy after Diddy's arrest. Annette's linking them to Diddy. There are brief rumors that Ashton and Mila are on the brink of splitting up. But like I said, it was shut down as absolutely false and ridiculous by a close source to the couple. But there are rumors now going around that Ashton and Mila are done with Hollywood and have considered moving to Europe. It's claimed that they took the kids to Europe over the summer and they felt it was so much more normal than Hollywood. A source told in InTouch Ashton so exasperated that once again, he's being dragged through the mud because of his past associations.


First it was Danny Masterson and now it's Diddy, and it's got him convinced that there's way better places out there to live than Hollywood. In his view, this town is just a cesspool at this point. Which side note, this move is not confirmed. And I do wanna clarify, it does not appear like they're running or hiding from authorities. There's no open investigation into them. The Feds don't seem interested in them at all, at least as of right now. It just seems like they're quote over Hollywood. However, s are having a field day with that statement writing. They make it sound like Hollywood set them up. They chose to write letters defending and supporting a rapist. One comment reads, had it with Hollywood more like had it with the consequences of Hollywood babes. You are the problem that you speak of. You brought every ounce of this on your own heads.


Kutcher's monstrous friends tell you all you need to know about him as a person. He seems so involved in these circles. Another comment just reads, dude is consistent. Another reads Danny Masterson and now Sean Combs. Ashton definitely knows something. That's why he is moving to Europe. His work with an organization to combat child sex trafficking seems incredibly suspect as well. Now again, this is a random internet comment, but it shows you some of the sentiments out there. Another one also reads, isn't he supposed to be fighting sex trafficking? I'm not gonna lie, it makes my skin crawl. Thinking of how perfect of a cover that is. Some ENT wish to remain neutral till more information comes out and they comment. You'll find pics and videos of Diddy with practically anyone. He was the embodiment of the celebrity party for decades.


I don't think everyone deserves to be guilty by association, but I think a lot of people's skeletons will be let out of the closet. Now then you have Leonardo DiCaprio, the main piece of information circulating online, putting Leo into the Diddy List. The so-called Diddy List is a 73 questions interview Diddy did with Vogue, where he's asked top guest at white parties. He states Leonardo DiCaprio and with Leonardo DiCaprio's pension for only dating young women. Some media, social media medicines did not appear surprised by the association. Now, just a reminder, there are a lot of pictures of lots of celebrities at white parties, including Leonardo DiCaprio, but it does not mean that they knew something that we didn't know.


Then there are rumors that Leonardo DiCaprio was fleeing the country since Diddy's News emerged. But that has turned out to be false. One source close to Leo States. Leonardo DiCaprio has nothing to do with any of this. He attended a few of his parties back in the early two thousands, but literally everybody did. There were not freak offs, they were big house parties. Leo was at the start of his career at the time and has moved way past his partying days. He has nothing to do with any of that world. So for anyone to assume that he will get roped into this based on a few grainy photos that are more than 20 years old is ridiculous to which many Notans agree though some are still not fans of his dating tendencies. They write, I'm all for tracking down sex criminals, but getting a photo taken at a party in broad daylight is hardly evidence of wrongdoing.


Some are still skeptical of Leo Stating says he hasn't seen Diddy in 20 years, but there's a photo of him at Diddy's party in 2019, which was his 50th massive birthday party, which like all of Hollywood was invited to. To be fair, it appears Leonardo DiCaprio's connection to Diddy is at least public facing much thinner. Feels like a few photos and then maybe people are like, well, he also dates a lot of young girls. I think it's more so people's sentiment about Leonardo DiCaprio. Right, right, right. Of like, I could see the connection is how Edisons feel, but it, I couldn't find a lot of concrete, you know, pieces of media connecting them.


Then there is Kevin Hart. There are videos of Kevin Hart hosting parties for Diddy one viral clip. There's a girl in a bathtub and she's clothed like she has a bikini and in the bathtub her hair catches on fire on one of the nearby candles, which I think people were upset about because regardless of Kevin Hart's supposed friendship with Diddy, they write, notice how a woman's hair is literally on fire. And instead of helping her, Kevin Hart moves away and asks if the camera caught that. What a moment to show blatant disregard for the lives and safety of individuals there. Wait, wait, wait. This is what kind of context is the video? Oh, he's just like, oh my God, we're at this crazy bar at this house. And then her hair catches on fire on one of the candles and he gets up and everyone just like runs away from her, does not help her.


And he asks the camera, if you caught that, her hair catching on fire. So this is, this is crazy. This was brought up because of the association between Kevin Hart and Diddy. But then now the few, the further conversation, the deeper conversation citizens are having is look at the blatant disregard. Yeah. For women's safety on top of the association with Diddy. A lot of medicines don't like it. Right? They're not accusing him, they just don't like it. Yeah, and we cannot like stuff in another clip of a party, Diddy is standing there with Usher and Kevin Hart. This clip has gone viral. Diddy has his arm around Usher and talks about quote back in the day when he was like 10, And I was a little bit older when Usher was like 10. And, I was a little bit older. As his older brother, we used to fight over the Frosted Flakes.


We used to actually wrestle for the Frosted Flakes. Diddy is talking about This. Yeah. And Kevin Hart is seen laughing and runs up to the camera and says, what the fuck did Puff just say which this clip has gone viral for anything Diddy has said, that is weird. What the fuck did Puff just say that was fucking stupid? What the fuck did he just say? Kevin Hart was tracked by paparazzi after the allegations have started coming to Light against Diddy. He was asked if he saw Baby Oil at Diddy's parties when he hosted them, and he responds to the paparazzi when I hosted for Diddy. You asking the wrong person the wrong question? Man, that's not a good question. They continue to ask, do you think he's safe in jail? He responds again. Wrong person, wrong question.


One comment reads, first time Kevin hasn't actually said anything. Usually he's so talkative. Another comment reads, why the fuck would he be talkative now though? Like, use your brain. What the fuck do you want him to say? Y'all are weird. So some are defending him something. It's weird. Then there's Paris Hilton. She was spotted at many a Diddy parties and with the lawsuits alleging that Marriott was named in one of the lawsuits. There are some people drawing this connection between Paris Hilton, the Hilton hotels to Diddy and sex trafficking because of course hotels are always at the center of sex trafficking claims. To be fair with this association, I do think Paris Hilton, I don't know about the Hilton Hotel business. I don't know what what they have been accused of wrongdoing in the past or not.


To be fair, I think Paris Hilton was at all the parties back then. I think it would be harder to find an a-list, star studded party in which she was not in attendance. Many medicines, comments read. Not everyone who attended his parties attended his freak offs. Another reads, I think there's levels to this. There are people who knew about everything going on at these parties, and there are people that would just show up to the parties. It was probably just a wild party back then. And so in these interviews when you see people being like, oh, did he throws the wildest parties? They're probably not referring to freak offs. They're probably just saying, oh, there was like synchronized swimmers. Then there's Naomi Campbell who was rumored to be on the Epstein flight logs as well.


She was rumored to have potentially been dating Diddy in 2001. They did a photo shoot together, but she shut it down stating they're more like family in 2018. Naomi has said about Diddy. I love his company. I love his demeanor. I love his love towards me. And. I love our friendship. He's very private, but people who know him know he's loyal. He's been loyal to me for so many years. We've known each other for 20 something years and have been consistently the same. We really do have a brother sister relationship. And I adore him. She actually threw him a big birthday party for his 54th birthday just one week before Cassie filed her lawsuit. And after Cassie filed her lawsuit, she deleted all posts of her and Diddy and has remained silent on the issue since then. Some citizens write, she's an iconic model, but she's always been a horrible person.


This is an opinion. She has multiple assault charges over the years for attacking her staff, which there does seem to be a whole thing with that and another right? She's beautiful, but she's always been a huge red flag. She stole from a poverty relief foundation by spending it on luxury hotel rooms and spot treatments. Just how low can one go, which she has denied that she intentionally stole from a charity or used charity funds. But she has been barred from being on any sort of charity board or organization for a number of years in the United Kingdom because it is said that some of the charity ex, like only like 8% of the charity was being used for charity work and a lot of the donations were somehow traced back to luxury hotel spa treatments.


Mm. So people are saying, I'm not surprised because I personally, not me Stephanie, but medicine thinks she's not a good person. Which many medicines have supported their opinions by drawing connections. Whether again it's rooted in fact or not, I wouldn't know. But her alleged close relationship with Jeffrey Epstein as well. Naomi Campbell has since denied that association. She said she was never, has never even been alone with Jeffrey Epstein. She only knew him through her then boyfriend at the time. But people are very, very skeptical. Others have come to her defense. Some comments read, are we seriously gonna indict everyone who's photographed with him and like all of his friends? Then there's Prince William and Prince Harry Diddy has stated multiple times that he's wanted to invite them to parties.


Some sources have alleged that he had this weird fascination with wanting to be close with them. His former publicist alleges that Diddy saw himself as a king. So he wanted to have the princes in his entourage, like little play things on his side. He wanted to get close to the royals. Some netan think what better blackmail than blackmail on royals? So that's probably his train of thought is what netan think is a theory. Regardless, the two brothers never accepted a party invitation from Diddy. That was what was said until the internet dug up these photos of them. Now, it made them look guilty, but they're not actually partying with Diddy. These were taken from a 2007 concert for Diana, where the princes invited a ton of artists to perform in honor for their late Mother.


Diddy performed. I'll be missing you as part of the tribute. So it's not like they went to Diddy's white parties and it's alleged that Diddy constantly invited them. But again, he even allegedly offered to pay for their travel stay security expenses for the Princes to come hang out with them. And they have consistently declined the invitations. Nette is in comments. No way all of them knew. You guys are all too simplistic. You see them in a video together and you're ready to sentence people to death. Then there's Mary j Blige, the queen of r and b. The two of them have known each other since the nineties. She was signed at Uptown Records when Diddy started working there before starting Bad Boy records. She cryptically took to Instagram to write.


This is after Diddy's homes were arrested. Unfortunately, a lot of you all met me when I lacked boundaries. And I was a people pleaser. Let me reintroduce myself. I burned bridges as needed, which felt like a statement against Diddy, but I don't know. But she has been spotted at many of his parties and some ENT believe that she appears to be under the influence of substances at these parties. Hmm. She say, I burn bridges as needed. Yes. That's, Hmm. What does that Mean? So I don't know. Some ENTs have taken her as far to say she's working with the Feds 'cause she's known him for so long. But that is a crazy allegation to make that I'm not making, but I'm just saying.


Then Ellen DeGeneres, who is like I said, very flawed, very controversial in her own right, but in this case, NEDs alleged she was way too close with Diddy. She had tweeted previously Happy Birthday, P Diddy, puff Daddy, Sean Combs, or as I call him, cuddle mix snuggle stuff. And you really don't need to know why, which people are now saying, what did you mean by that? But some point to a fake relationship, they point to when Diddy was on Ellen's show and she asked, so tell me about your birthday party. Am I, am I invited? He responds, yes, you're definitely invited. I invite you to all my parties. You just haven't seemed to show up to them. Mm. But others points out the rest of the interview. She starts asking him around what time the party starts and Ellen states, she expects them to start around midnight, to which he responds, ominously, no, that's a different type of party and we'll have the top two floors of the hotel where it will carry on.


Ellen responds, Hmm, I think I know about them. Some medicines believe she might know about the parties though she does not attend them personally, which which parties is she referencing? Then we have Meek Mill. Meek Mill has been named in the, so-called Diddy List Social Media has focused on these few points. One, meek Mill has always seemingly been close friends with Diddy and Gina Diddy's, ex-girlfriend. Remember in the podcast she stated that she was beaten by Diddy after a Meek Mill birthday party because she reached over and shook Meek Mill's hand. Aw. Yes. So it does seem like they are close friends. That's not me saying that Meek Mill had seen the violent behavior. She never alleged that, but I'm just saying now it does seem like they are close friends and two, there are photos of them in matching outfits at a party.


Could be a coincidence, could be Besties three. There is a video of Meek Mill floating around in Diddy's Pool sunbathing and Diddy is recording him saying, damn, you do it, man. You deserve it. Daddy, you putting in that work. Proud of you. I love you. Wait, what's going on? Meek Mill is swimming. Yeah. And Diddy's all like proud of you daddy. And he's recording Him. Yeah. And so I guess with the questions of Diddy's sexuality and Diddy calling Meek Mill daddy and they have that close friendship, people think perhaps there's more. And lastly, there is a rumored audio clip going around claiming to be Meek Mill and Diddy engaging in sexual activities. It does not appear to actually be them in the clip.


There are many allegations that it is AI manipulated to sound more like them, but it did make a lot of rounds on Twitter. Oh, and he was maybe listed in a lawsuit. Little Rod, the producer in his lawsuit against Diddy, alleges that Diddy had a physical relationship with quote, a Philadelphia rapper who dated Nicki Minaj. And there's really only I mean, I can't think of anyone other than Meek Mill. He had a what? Relationship, Physical relationship with Diddy. Mm. Meek Mill has since responded to the allegations, well, I guess the rumors, and he says, I wanna hire an investigative team, a hundred K Cash to find out every specific detail involving Meek Mill name to Diddy case.


I also want them to look at who is powering the media involving Meek. Anything to do with this guy? Something's not right. He continues on Twitter. The streets know what's up with me. That's not the case. We talking about the business side, somebody powering these bad campaigns with Meek Mill again, I got a hundred K for a thorough investigation of who's powering and how exactly my name is connected to this. He also states about how much he loves women, which felt a little bit odd to people. He takes to X Twitter and says, when I got a girl around me, I'm fucking her twice a day. Ask some of your favorites. Pussy don't control me, but it's like a high one Love to the gay people, but that juicy pussy do it for me. Smiley face. I ran red lights to get that feeling.


Y'all weird on here like devils LOL one that is in common reads. I too write long rambling screens about how much I love women. Another reads, my man doth protest too much saying it's just the way he's so excitedly trying to give away money. It's just, it feels like you're overdo it to the point where people nets feel like, okay, now I'm actually curious. Hmm. Another reads this response has, I have a girlfriend, but she lives in Canada kind of energy. Another net is in comments. Bro, all you have to say is quote, no, I did not have sex with Diddy. You look guilty af. Which I think if he's not comfortable sharing his sexuality, which I'm not saying that's the case here, but if he's not, then I think this shouldn't even be a conversation.


But it seems like a lot of people are suspicious about him potentially being listed in Little Rod's lawsuit. That's why. Mm. Because little Rod's lawsuit is basically, it could be inferred that perhaps he was a potential viewer witness to other things. Mm. Got it. Then we have young Miami of city girls. She and her cousin were listed in Lil Rod's lawsuit against Diddy. Young Miami was in a relationship with Diddy prior to his arrest. They attended the 2023 Met Gala together. Gene deal. The former bodyguard has stated the three star witnesses for the feds that he thinks will be the three star witnesses are gonna be Cassie, Gina, the ex-girlfriend that I told you about in Part One and Young Miami.


Those three, Like they know the most Y. That's kind of what he is inferring with that. Mm. Or at least that's what many people think. Some citizens think that young Miami is also a victim of Diddy and has not come to the realization yet. Others think that she was complicit in what he was doing. Others think that she had no idea what was happening behind the scenes. In a very emotional podcast, young Miami says, I can't speak on these allegations because I wasn't around at that time. I don't know that person. That wasn't my experience. So she's saying like a lot of people were telling her say something about Diddy, say something about Diddy when all the allegations came forward. But she didn't have that experience and so she felt wrong to speak up and say something.


But some people point to some controversial tweets that she's made against Gina. So her and Gina were also in a feud about Diddy and she was saying things along the lines of, if Diddy wanted you to eat my private parts, you would be on your knees. Which some people say sound like freak offs. Mm. I see. So it's just very messy. Young Miami was leaving a club in Atlanta when someone came up to her asking her to sign a baby oil bottle, which I think is very inappropriate and unhinged behavior because I mean at this point, we don't know if she was involved, if she was a victim herself. We don't know anything. And I think even if she had nothing to do with anything that Diddy's alleged of, it's still very disrespectful, I think to the victims.


It's just bizarre. Jay-Z and Beyonce, there are a lot of conspiracy theories surrounding Jay-Z and Beyonce. It seems primarily stemming from the fact that Nets feel like they were too close to Diddy to not know what was going on. One of the most vocal figures against a couple has been a woman named Jaguar Wright, but her segment from the Pi Morgan show where she claims that the couple are nasty and goes on toe and compare Jay-Z to Jeffrey Epstein amongst a whole list of other things. I mean. These are very massive allegations to the point where Piers Morgan had to remove the segment from the show and apologize to Jay-Z and Beyonce. So for now, we're just gonna leave that part there.


Usher has become a big part of the discourse, mainly because you wiped his whole Twitter feed, which everyone thought had to do with Diddy, and his response was a little strange. He says, account got hacked and damn, y'all ran with it. See you tonight at Intuit Dome. So he, I guess he was having a concert. People are not believing Usher, not even a little bit. They commented, you got hacked and the hackers decided to delete all your tweets instead of tweeting random stuff, which then had people going down the rabbit hole. Now, one of the main reasons Usher's name comes up in the conversation is from an interview he did talking about Puffy Flavor Camp. When Usher was 13 years old, his parents sent him to live and work with Diddy, who was eight years older at the time. So 21 Usher told Rolling Stone about Puffy flavor camp that Diddy introduced him to a different set of experiences saying quote sex specifically, there were always girls around and you would open a door and see somebody doing it, or several people in a room having an orgy.


You never knew what was gonna happen. Later on an episode of Howard Stern, Howard Stern asked him, was it filled with like chicks and origin, like nonstop? No, not really, but hey, I, it was. It was. I was curious. I got a chance to see some things. I went there to see the lifestyle. And I saw it, but I don't know if I could indulge and understand what I was even looking at. It was pretty, it was pretty wild. It was crazy. Howard Stern then asks, would you ever send your kids to Puffy camp without hesitation, usher response, hell no. Many medicines have just pointed out how is it even possible and okay or even remotely acceptable for a 13-year-old boy to be sent to live in an environment like that.


Another EZ in comment reads, I don't think people need to speculate on any famous person's experience with Puffy without facts, evidence and comments from said celebrity, but it does seem like a lot of people feel sympathetic for 13-year-old usher. That is where it connects to Justin Bieber. Usher has maintained a close, I don't know if it's friendship, I don't know if it's a working relationship where it's just professional with Diddy for years now. Now I do wanna say that these celebrities, sometimes they have the business advantage to make their friendship appear stronger on camera. Mm. Because people always love celebrity friends.


Yeah, they love celebrity relationships and friends. But truly, there have been moments where you might see, even like in the influencer world, oh, we're best friends, best friends, and then off camera you're like, I don't even think these two people know each other like that. It's very strange, right? They could have been just playing into it, I don't know. Now Usher seems to be the link between Diddy and Justin Bieber Young. Justin Bieber signed with Diddy's longtime friend Usher, and that's how he met Diddy. I don't really wanna get into the whole Justin Bieber rabbit hole. There is a lot. I think that for one, it's pretty clear that Justin Bieber was victimized in the industry in one way, shape, or form. He was forcibly kissed on the neck, on stage in front of everyone when he was just, I believe 18 years old At the time.


Jenny McCarthy, the one who grabbed his butt and kissed him was 40. He was 18 and he stated on stage that he felt violated. People left it off like he was a joke. He was 15 being interviewed and asked if he's already had the sex talk to which he stated, I feel really uncomfortable right now. Why do you wanna know if a 15-year-old had the sex talk? Like why do you wanna have a sex talk with a 15-year-old boy? He also stated in regards to Billie Eilish that he just wants to protect her. He doesn't want her to go through what he went through in the industry. He wouldn't wish that upon anybody, but he has never spoken up about who or exactly what has happened, and perhaps I'm biased, but he's just been in the public eye for so long.


I think he deserves to be in peace with his family and newborn child. Right now. For the sake of being thorough, I will go briefly through the things coming up on social media discourse because some of them are not exactly as they seem on face value, just to show you what's happening out there. So one, the main piece of evidence, evidence that people are bringing up is 15-year-old Justin Bieber posted a video called, this was posted 14 years ago. It was called 48 Hours with Diddy in the video. Diddy states they're having the time of our lives where we hang out, what we're doing, we can't really disclose, but it's definitely a 15 year old's dream. He signed to Usher. I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album.


I don't really have legal guardianship over him, AKA Justin Bieber, but for the next 48 hours he's with me and we're going crazy. The video does exist. However, it has just been stated that Justin never spent more than a few hours that day with Diddy while he was there. That the whole clip was just like a skit, if you will, that he was at a Levi's event right after this. He had a wholly, like a fully booked schedule that night. Even Gene, the former bodyguard said, oh yeah, he was just there for like a few hours. Also, his stylist was there, so it wasn't unsupervised. Hmm. Because people have taken that and ran with it. Like what happened in that 48 hours, he definitely victimized Justin Bieber in that 48 hours. This was probably his first instance of a freak off. Like there's so many crazy comments out there about this video.


Now I'm not saying like, this is not me excusing anything Diddy ever said or did or saying the allegations against him aren't true. It just seems like this one is kind of taken outta context. Mm. One comment reads, you guys need to stop claiming Justin as a victim of Diddy with no solid proof at all. There are real life victims who have come forward, tweet about their story for awareness and stop using Justin's name for likes and no proof of what you're saying. Two, there's a clip of Diddy and Justin on Jimmy Kimmel live where they talk about hanging out where Diddy warns Justin. Now Justin knows better than to be talking about the things that he does with Big Brother Puff on national television. Everything aimed for everybody. I will say it is a weird statement.


Three in a video, Diddy is asking why Justin Bieber hasn't been in contact after he's selling out arenas, to which Justin responds that he knows Diddy has been trying to get in contact and offers to give Diddy his number and gives him the number 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5 5 Beyond the creepiness of Diddy and the clip. It has been pointed out by Justin's fans that it indicates that Justin hasn't been in contact with Diddy, which again, I'm not here to say that Justin was or was not victimized by Diddy, but a lot of Justin's fans are saying the conspiracies pertaining to him and Diddy has spiraled out of control. Like things are just getting weird. And then people are pointing to the fact that Justin Bieber was seen at Diddy parties, but again, all of Hollywood was at these parties.


Four, there's another clip where Edisons have said, it appears that Diddy is feeling to see if Justin Bieber is wearing a wire, he's tapping his chest, which is typically where a wire would be if the Feds are trying to listen to you. But again, these are people's speculations and intentions and feelings in a video. We don't know, but some fans of Justin Biebers have pointed out that they're bowing their heads and they're whispering to each other. A lot of ants have taken that and said, oh, I audio amplified it. And Diddy said something like along the lines of, I own your ass, or all these crazy things. But allegedly Justin Bieber had posted this video himself with a caption about religion and stated that they were praying.


Hmm And five, a big conversation is set around the yummy music video that was released in 2020. According to many sources, Justin Bieber's potential self-promotion of the song Yummy was notably aggressive and extensive compared to his other songs that he's released and in conjunction with some of the music video elements, they think it's very strange. He released several videos of Yummy, including animated versions, fan reactions, which he actually reposted promotionals on how to guides, on how to stream the song, how to fall asleep while playing it in the background via Spotify. A lot of people at the time thought it was weird because he's already rich. It's not like his career is dying off. He's Justin Bieber.


What's with this bizarre, aggressive marketing approach. It just felt strange, but probably the most notable part of the promotion of the song Yummy was he posted on Instagram a collage of babies and just wrote Hashtag Yummy as a caption, which everybody has a strong response to. Five years ago, the nicer comments read looks like he's trying to promote his new song. Yummy. In an odd way, probably not realizing how the song title would look under pictures of babies. Others said he and his marketing team probably knows how it looks, which is why they did it so people would start talking about it. Others comment at the time he's posting pics of random babies and hashtagging at hashtag Yummy, it's gross. Am I too sensitive? That's gross, right? The song is literally about sex. Which side note, when the song came out, a lot of these news publications have stated that it was written about his wife, Hailey Bieber, and allegedly Justin Bieber stated that himself when the music video was first released.


From what I can tell and remember, there were a small group of people, Justin's fans primarily, who believed there was a way deeper message in the video, even in 2020 when it came out. So for a few reasons, the video premise they thought was odd. It did not feel like an ode to his wife. And two, there were clips of Justin Bieber breaking down on the set of filming. Yummy. He was allegedly having anxiety attacks during the filming of it. He stated that he was quote in his head a lot during the filming and was just having an off day, which then led to people pulling it apart. They believe there's Easter eggs in the video, and I'm not saying these are not Easter eggs that mean something deeper. I'm not saying they are. I'm telling you, this is the internet discourse. I will say all the other stuff with Justin Bieber, I don't think it's the best time or place to associate with him with Diddy when he himself has not spoken out against it and said anything related to the case.


And there are other victims who have stated, I am a victim of Diddy and this is what happened to me. And to not let them have that space to be heard and to feel safe online is kind of interesting that people are doing that. But this music video, there are very interesting elements and aspects. So this is the main part I think a lot of ants are pulling to. I've compiled to include a few of the details. So there are a lot of quote Easter eggs to break down in the song, whether it's just creative expression that Justin Bieber had nothing to do with, or he was the one that worked on it. We will not know until he says so. But these are the elements. The music video concept for Yummy appears to be a party for older, wealthy people just based on their attire, based on their age.


According to the video, Justin arrives in a pink hoodie. He finds himself walking through the kitchen to get to this large banquet hall where it looks like some sort of colorful wedding. You know, there's large tables of well dressed individuals sitting around being posh. They're, they're almost dressed over the top to seem very glamorous. There's a full orchestra up front playing cellos violins. Citizens have stated that they feel that even him walking through the kitchen is symbolism. He's not walking in through the front door. He is like a dish being served from the kitchen right when he enters the party. To his right is a young girl wearing a red body suit. Zens have said this feels very significant.


Just keep in mind this red bodysuit is gonna come up again, but there is a young girl who appears to be a minor wearing a red sparkly bodysuit playing the violin. Justin sits down at a table and Edisons have pointed out that everyone nearby is much older than him. They appear middle aged, everybody's already eating. He gets served this very interesting dish which people have really dissected. It's a few pieces of bread with a cherry on top, and then another bread propped up against the other slices. So it looks almost like a shield for the cherry. For the first bit it appears Justin Bieber is to a degree enjoying himself. Other ENTs have pointed out, there seems to be a point made with, he keeps doing cheers and lifting up a tall glass of water with a lemon wedge in there, like when he has that pile of bread in front of him, he toasts with the glass of water, and that is in state that the whole party atmosphere shifts when the food gets served and it's all this unappetizing food.


It's really gross looking food. You know those weird jello cakes with vegetables, looks like jello mounds with just peas, green peas inside. There's rings of uncooked, like barely cooked unseasoned shrimps around it, uncooked anchovy shrimps on top. It's nothing you would enjoy eating, but everyone at the table is serve this disgusting food and the only thing sitting in front of Justin Bieber now is not the food, it's just a glass of pink liquid. So now people are connecting the drugging that was done at parties or The Alleged drugging that was done at parties to this music video. Again, I don't know if this is a warranted connection, I'm just telling you these are what citizens are pointing out. The others on the table have different glasses of martinis.


So all these middle aged people that are enjoying this on appetizing food, they have martini glasses, wine glasses, but another young man also dressed in pink does not appear to be a minor, but young seems to be miserable as well. And there he has a glass of pink liquid next to the food that he's picking at. Now, side note, there's peas everywhere. There's a strong presence of green peas in the video. A lot of people think it could either mean pee for pedophiles or pee for p Diddy. I don't know. I'm just telling you what's out there, just in sandwiches turned around to expose the cherry now, but people say it appears to be rotten. Now the women eventually in the middle of the music video, women start coming out from under the table and they're all younger women now, and they're all dressed in elements of white, which people have pointed out.


The music video then switches the lighting from the overhead lighting, if you will, to the black light. So it almost feels like the party is starting and what goes from regular lighting. Everybody's wearing these bright colors. Black light turns on and the white becomes sharper and people think it looks like a white party because everything looked kind of white in black light. Also, some ants have pointed out that the girls that come out from under the table, they're like the only young ones. There's a lot of older women in the area, and then there's like the young girls performing with the musical instruments, and then these young girls come out later. Then abruptly the party is over and it's just Justin and a few people left to clean up the mess or deal with the after effects is some what some medicines say. He's alone at his table.


Now, there is a red sparkly suit draped over the chair next to him, and that was the outfit. The young girl in the beginning had likely been wearing and it appears that she was a minor. So you know the the connotation, if this is what the creative aspect is at the end, there is an empty plate. The plate has a picture of younger Justin on there with the word yummy written underneath. A lot of zens have said quote. Also, if you sing it a certain way, it sounds like he's saying young me instead of yummy, and the lyrics make so much more sense. Some citizens have stated using pictures of himself when he was younger is a full circle moment to point back to the true meaning of the song, some comment under the video. He is such a genius the way he wrote it, all the symbolism and his whole attitude while filming seems to have some sarcastic angry tone to it.


I hope he finds healing. Others have commented. I think people are overanalyzing. Another comment reads, it's not that deep guys, there are a hundred other meanings it could have been than what everyone is insinuating or you guys are really reaching, or it's entirely possible that Justin was a victim, but not by some secret, high level petal group in the entertainment industry or whatever. To which ENTs have very intense reactions stating What do you think this song is about then being served bad food at a party. I try to reserve personal opinions, right? But I, a lot of people think that this music video, I don't know if it's associated with Diddy, it could be nothing.


It could be just a general overview on the entertainment industry in general. We don't know. I'm just trying to reserve personal opinions because I mean who am I and what do I know, right? These are the main points that I've seen people bring up. But there are a lot of other people that are just doing some really unhinged things. And, I think this is where it becomes really damaging and unproductive. There are people generating AI pictures of Justin Bieber and Diddy in compromising positions for shock value. There are people memeing the situation. So when I was on Twitter, And I was researching just to get Edison sentiment of even just the yummy music video. When you have people that are trying, I think in good faith trying to depict the music video and see if there's something there that actually means something.


I don't think that they do this with intent to harm anyone's feelings, but under them in the comments, there's like these very memes of Justin Bieber and Diddy. They're alleging that Justin's talking to the feds because he's in the tapes, which is a crazy accusation. Just so many conspiracies that I just don't think are productive. I think Justin can be a victim of the industry in some way, shape, or form. I think Diddy could have been a predator in the industry in some way, shape, or form. But it does not mean that Justin was a victim of Diddy's, and if he was, it's up to him to say that he was or not. If he wasn't, then the focus has gone from the actual alleged victims of Diddy to celebrity gossip.


Regardless. In this situation, I think the conspiracy theories are doing just way more harm than good. Like for example, there was a song circulating, which sounds very similar to Justin Bieber in the musical style of Justin's previous songs, but the voice singing it says, lost myself at a Diddy party. Didn't know that's how it go. I was in it for a new Ferrari, but it cost me way more than my soul wasn't worth all the fortune and fame. It was circulating around social media with clips of Justin Bieber and Diddy as almost see, he's been telling us the comments under a YouTube video posting of that song read that explains why he's been struggling mentally for all these years. This explains everything. It's AI like more than likely, ai.


CBS news ran the song through multiple AI audio detection tools. Several results indicate that the audio, or at least parts of it are AI generated. Wow. Yeah. Then there's the massive amount of AI generated thumbnails that I came across during the research. AI generated pictures on Twitter, TikTok, YouTube showing Justin Bieber and Diddy in weird positions. It's just really a lot. I don't think I've seen as many AI generated media circulating a case since this one Think piece about the conspiracies, about Diddy's case says the discourse has lost the plot. The AI parodies and the tenuously evidence theories only make it harder for people to know what to believe when victims need moral clarity and support.


There have been some other conspiracies that have been swirling, which I'm gonna go over super, super briefly. Just to clarify. This is not me stating that this is true or false. All I can state is I don't know if this is the best time or place to have these conversations without authorities verifying anything when there are actual alleged victims that are coming forward with stories that they feel need to be shared. I think like even when you just, whatever you said so far, at least for me now, I kind of know what's alleged and what's conspiracy and what's like AI like, otherwise, I would never know this, you know? And even When I was researching the amount of anxiety, because people just be posting whatever saying it's fact, and I'm like, okay, I had to cross reference, try to fact check as much as I could, but certain things like I could only fact check through like Justin Bieber's fan accounts that have been around for a decade because it's like the mainstream media isn't writing about this a decade ago because it wasn't news back then, right?


Right. So it's very hard to try and find what is real, what is not, and it is kind of scary about the whole AI aspect. But there are some conspiracies online. like I said, I think it's just not the most productive right now that Diddy might be connected to more deaths in Hollywood. One conspiracy theory alleges that Diddy had something to do with Aaron Carter's death. A viral tweet alleges that Aaron Carter was among Diddy's list of victims, and that in 2022, Aaron Carter allegedly had plans to speak up about Diddy and and his parties soon after he passed away. For those unfamiliar, Aaron Carter was a child star on Nickelodeon. His first debut album for music was released when he was nine. He passed in 2022. He was found in his bathtub.


The cause of death was the effects of drugs found in his system, which led to him drowning in the tub. The theory is that Aaron Carter quote, this is a comment, Aaron Carter was killed right before he was about to expose what happened at p Diddy's sex trafficking parties where he was a childhood victim of drug abuse and rape. Aaron Carter released albums under Sony Music Group Entertainment, which is a parent company for Diddy's Bad Boy records. Some citizens have pointed to Aaron Carter's last tweet saying, yo, Kanye, let's talk man to man. But other state, well, Aaron Carter has publicly criticized Kanye West about his public behavior and the family drama that has been happening with Kanye West and his family. One medicine comment reads, there's a lot of conspiracy bullshit on X and TikTok don't believe everything you hear.


Aaron had his own demons. I don't think he was ever part of the Diddy click, but people seemingly now want to include every celebrity that ever took a picture with Diddy, which is just dumb. And then there's of course, other allegations that he was involved in. Other celebrities, passings, recent, past, present, it's just, it's a lot. I think that some medicines feel very frustrated because it feels like the victims who have actually The Alleged victims that have actually filed lawsuits against Diddy and these lawsuits, many of them are publicly available online. It feels like their stories don't deserve to be heard and don't deserve attention because these celebrity conspiracies are more interesting. We have covered most of those lawsuits throughout the episode, the span of these four episodes.


So now let's cover the artists that do not like working with Diddy, allegedly, We have covered most of those lawsuits throughout the span of these four episodes on Diddy. Dawn Richards, who is also suing Diddy, she's more part of the work aspect. A lot of her lawsuit is detailing the work relationship that they had and the unfair treatment, the unpaid wages, The Alleged, unpaid wages, unfair treatment. So let's cover all of those next, because I think a lot of the sexual allegations have been covered.


Drake is somebody that has a long history with Diddy. Drake posted a scene from a movie, the Big Short, where Ryan Gosling's character says, I never hung out with these idiots after work ever. I had fashion friends. Many citizens believe that's him saying that maybe he hung out with Diddy at work, but he never hung out with him after work because Technically, they have bumped into each other a lot at the same events, rubbing shoulders, but it does not appear that they are close, which interestingly enough, it seems like Diddy and Drake actually never liked each other. In 2018, they allegedly got into a fight outside of the live nightclub in Miami Beach. Apparently the two were having conversations about getting on a song together, but allegedly Drake bought the rights, released the song without Diddy's quote unquote permission, which angered him.


Allegedly, the song is zero to 100. Diddy felt like that was his song. I don't know. Sources alleged that Diddy went up to Drake. A DJ Khaled's birthday party in Miami said, you will never disrespect me. And some sources describe it as physical altercation. Some sources say, did he punch Drake? Some sources say, did he slap Drake? Did He denies all allegations of the physical altercation, but either way, I don't think the two like each other did. He also allegedly does not like Kendrick Lamar or j Cole because Kendrick Lamar said that he was the king of New York, and Diddy took offense to that allegedly and got into a huge fight with j Cole because j Cole was trying to stand up. It was a whole thing. Wow.


Yeah. So there are artists that don't like him, and especially from Diddy's own artists that were previously signed with Bad Boy records. It seems like majority of them don't like him. From what I can tell on just the internet. Former Bad Boy artists claimed that he would either force himself as a producer or songwriter on songs that he didn't even work on. Just muscle his way into getting into those credits so he could get streaming rights royalties, or force himself to get a few lines in each song so that he could charge his own artists a massive special guest appearance fee for himself, allegedly. Wow. Mark Curry, a former artist, claims the guy is just weird in general. He stares as he shares a story of how insecure Diddy is.


These are his stories. Again, I can't vouch if they're true or not, but he claims that Diddy hated when girls didn't like him and preferred the artist on his label. Preferred the artist. Yeah. Like when girls, 'cause you know, Mike Curry was stating that he doesn't have as much money as Diddy. He doesn't have power like Diddy. He's not a household name like Diddy, you know? Yeah. But sometimes girls just like him more than they like Diddy. Did he say, how dare you? He alleged that Diddy seemed to be the type of person that felt like he's the one that has the money. He's the one that worked hard. He's the one with the fancy suits, the fast cars. These artists are up and coming. They don't have it like he does, and the girls still like them.


It feels like an insecurity complex. If this is true, I don't know. He allegedly hated it to the point where he almost spat on a girl. Allegedly a girl liked Mark Curry over him, to which the girl allegedly responded, whoa, wait, did he calm down? I have a twin sister, but honestly she won't like you either. Whoa. And Mark Curry said that is when he got really, really mad and he thought something was gonna go down. So he took that girl out of the situation, was like, we gotta go. We gotta go. Let's go Again. I don't know if this is true, but it's very, very weird. Did he even responded to the artist who hate him on the Breakfast Club? He says, there has been negative propaganda put out about me. It's just really strained and tried to stain my legacy.


My name is Diddy Sean Combs. I never took nothing from nobody. A day in my life. All I've ever given is opportunity and more money than a person was making. One net is in comment reads when every artist on the bad boy label is left, broke, or owing money while the label made millions. It's hard to believe that they're all lying on Diddy. Diddy was on the Graham Norton show a few days before Cassie's lawsuit dropped in 2023, and he's going on this whole spiel about his name Change. Zens think the interview is fascinating. In hindsight, Graham Norton asks him if they should call him love. Then to which he responds, this is the ultimate goal I have become love. See, this is where it gets confusing.


Y'all call me Diddy, but when I'm being love and I'm in the mood, because I have to remind myself we live in a toxic world and it's love versus hate. That's what's going on right now. And I, choose love. That's my name and love wins Zen's, right about the interview, the amount of affirmation he gets when he looks around at them and they all give him exaggerated head knots. It just shows how much power he feels when he walks into every room every single day. Nothing but yes men all around him. He's just so corny. Yeah, another N in comments. There's a lot of toxicity in the world right now. The nerve to say that. Another one reads, love wins the judge.


Are you sure about that? Diddy says in another podcast interview about his decision to give artists their publishing rights back. He says, because he said, all the bad boy artists are gonna get their publishing rights back. Mm. He said, it was more of me just evolving as a businessman. You know, a person that really wants to change in the world. Once you start asking for change in this world, you have to look within and be part of that change. It was evolving as a businessman and just changing. It's the right thing to do. It's the love frequency. He continues. If you have a chance to do the right thing, why wouldn't you wanna do the right thing? I wanna be that change that I want. I have to be responsible and accountable for myself. I'm just moving in God's purpose.


You get to a point in your life where you pick purpose over profit. Mark Korea, former artist of Diddy, said about the whole publishing rights thing. What's it even worth now? You ever had somebody owe you $50 when you needed it back? They didn't pay you. Then by the time that they do pay you that $50 doesn't mean the same as it did when you needed it. That's how I feel. I wanted it when it was making money, not after all it's gone. What am I gonna do with that? In fact, it's an insult. It's like getting a Nissan like you are owed a Nissan 15 years ago. When it's brand new, it has value, but now he wants to give you the Nissan 15 years later after he already drove it around, took the value like that's What do you mean? Some artists said getting their publishing rights back.


That would be like $300 a month and it's not even free, if you will. Diddy was going to allegedly make all the artists sign an NDA to never speak about him, his mother, or like any of his family members ever. Mark Curry says there are different ways to you can kill a person. I've noticed Diddy kill a lot of people's spirits. Another former artist under Diddy went off on an Instagram video. It's been a while since he's worked with Diddy. In fact, he's 52 years old now, but he says like this guy, puffy is the main motherfucking reason I fucking hate life dog. People don't even understand. Like I don't even give a fuck. I've never been to a point where I thought of self exit my whole life. Never I mean I'm a gangster. I don't know how I started thinking like that. I've done it all and felt to the bottom like, how do you come back from that when you're battling a giant?


It has nothing to do with your skill no more because your skill is 90% better than any other guy that's out there right now and the world knows it, but it ain't your skill. The world is built on relationships. Another person said, oh yeah, why haven't the artist spoken up now? Or like, why are they now speaking up and why didn't they say something before? Have you ever went up against a billionaire? Which side note, did he actually responded to these Instagram posts in 2022 by posting on his Instagram story a black screen with white words? Stop by. You're crying, bitching and moaning. Hustle harder or Get the fuck out of our way. The producer, Rodney Jones, the ones that is suing Diddy, says he's a monster. Nothing has changed. This guy has no soul, no duty to anyone, not even his own kids.


Mace another artist that was formerly under Bad Boy. He's actually one of the biggest stars on Diddy's label in the nineties. He said, your past business practices knowingly has continued, purposefully starving your artists and have been extremely unfair to the very same artists that helped you obtain that icon award. He also points to the irony that Diddy is publicly calling out the Grammys for not showing enough deserved appreciation for black artists, which very, very valid, right? But at the same time, mace a black artist himself, is saying, you're also screwing over black artists Diddy. He's saying about Diddy's business practices. That is not black excellence at all. Mark Curry says, it's also pretty obvious that Diddy is what he's trying to do here, like the timing of it.


Right before Cassie's lawsuit, he says quote, because I think he had some kind of idea that this was coming down the pipeline, tried to cover up his tracks real quick and it didn't work because he publicly announces that he's giving back publishing rights. September, 2023, Cassie's lawsuit filed November, 2023, just a few months later, and yeah, these former employees are not happy. One former employee said, working with Diddy is you have to be ready to catch a brick, and everyone's like a what? They said it's, it's like if you're walking down the street and someone randomly throws a brick at your head out of nowhere outta the blue. If he was unhappy with something, you might not have done it, but he thought you did it. You're gonna get a brick to the head.


Figuratively. Metaphorically, right? One time I was surrounded by security guards. He's six inches from my face screaming at me telling me I fucked up. That's what I learned what a brick is. I caught my first brick. It was my only brick. One source describes Rolling Stone. Didier is quote, a complicated man with opposing personas outwardly. He's this tastemaker who's unapologetically driven, generous, and jovial. Even silly at times. He can be the same privately, but if you get close enough, you discover something a lot darker. It's like he has this insatiable need. He's desperate to be accepted and admired, but that desperation can be violent. He publicly declares devotion, makes big donations publicly and tells everyone to call him brother Love, which seems to be his attempt at hiding his alleged abuse and violence.


Another said, working with Diddy was like working on Game of Thrones, not the set, but the actual fantasy world. Everyone is walking on eggshells with a unhinged leader throwing each other under the bus to get closer to the one on the throne. Dawn Richards, a former Danity Cain member, has filed a lawsuit against Diddy. This was a girl group that Diddy was managing some of the allegations from the lawsuit reit. Mr. Combs has arranged for dozens of young women and girls, some of whom appear to be underage, to be transported to the party. The woman arrived wearing little to no clothing and were given drugs and alcohol. Many of them appeared lethargic or passed out while Mr. Combs and his guests performed sexual acts on them. Mr. Combs repeatedly said things like, quote, this is a buffet.


Enjoy ourselves. This is what we do. This is how we party. Further in the lawsuit, it states in a state of panic and terror, Mrs. Ms. Richards fled. Ms. Richards fled to the bedroom. Mr. Combs had insisted she stay in and barricaded the door shut with furniture. She also states Mr. Combs criticized Ms. Richard for being too skinny, yet declined her request for food and demanded that she only drank peanut butter shakes. Mr. Combs had full meals prepared by a chef and ate them in front of Ms. Richards never offering her food. Dawn also alleges that at the auditions, he just went around calling young women allegedly fat, ugly bitches and hoes. Aubrey Day, another artist signed under Diddy, who also was on identity cane working there. She said about working with him.


We were scared to death with what would just happen with Puff each day. There was just no room for error. Diddy was one of the most intense people you could ever work with. I experienced everything from race remarks to sexism, and a lot of it was scary. She says about being fired, which side note, she was fired from the band that she was part of on national television. Danity Kane is the girl group that was formed through Diddy's reality TV show called Making the Band Four in 2008 on MTV, she gets fired on camera. She says, I was so young and so many things were put on me. I was fired on national TV for being overly raunchy and promiscuous. That's actually like wrongful termination. That's a lawsuit against a lot of people.


She states, you know, I have such a love hate with it all because I don't think that I would've been able to be so successful in so many other areas had I not been trained under Diddy. He was the hardest person you can work for. It was torture and not the work part of it, but the other stuff, mind games. There was a lot of betrayal. There was a lot of lies. Diddy would be like, you're not hot anymore. Like what happened? You don't have any curves. I can't get people to think you're this really good looking person. Back then, there was no Me Too. You signed a million NDAs and a million contracts that took away your rights. The answer to what happens if you don't wanna do what the executive wants. I'm the full blown fucking story of that. She says Diddy plays one of the dirtiest games there is around. She also alleges on another podcast that Diddy would say about people, presumably in a professional setting, oh, you're not fuckable.


You look like I could fuck you right now. You look like I can't fuck you. Like it's just very, how can you say that in a workplace setting and then about getting the publishing rights back. Yeah. AO Day states, she does not agree. She did not agree to it because she was allegedly required to sign a crazy non-disclosure agreement in exchange that she would never disparage Diddy or the bad boy label. Which one thing to note, like I've said repeatedly through these episodes, all these are allegations and other people's stories in the eyes of the law. Everybody is innocent until proven guilty, but I will say With, all the stories coming out against Diddy, I don't know how it's gonna play out in the court of law, but maybe he's not the best person to be around. Diddy has since applied for bail to be able to prepare for the trial in the comfort of his own $50 million mansion.


In the letter to the judge, the defense attorney's, right? The first thing the court should know is that when it became apparent to the counsel that Mr. Combs would at some point soon be formally charged, he did something extraordinary. He left his home in Miami and traveled to New York. The very location of the prosecutors and agents investigating him. What I love how extraordinary feels like the bare minimum, like turning yourself in or not running from the law versus I don't know what, what would be ordinary. Regardless, the defense proposes a $50 million bail package. It would be secured by his $48 million Miami mansion that he has fully paid off, as well as his mother's mansion in Miami.


He is willing to be on house arrest, home detention, if you will. He's willing to wear a GPS monitor, have no contact with women, submit a weekly drug test and restrict his travel just between Miami and New York City to attend court, meet with his counsel and attend medical appointments. The passports. It is said on many a media that the passports for all his family members have been surrendered to his attorneys, which interestingly enough does not include his sons, so, Hmm. I just think it's weird. Really? Yeah. According to the what was filed with the judge, it's Diddy's Passport, his mom's and his four daughters. That is crazy.


Again, I think it's weird because Justin Combs and Christian Combs were actually listed in other lawsuits. Yeah. The girls are like, one of them just turned 18. The girls are minors. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. Wow. Like they're largely like the biggest, one of the bigger victims that are have direct ties to Diddy, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just very bizarre. A lot of, yeah, a lot of mainstream media is just like the children's passports have been taken, but Wow. They also state that Diddy is making efforts to sell his private plane, and that he will hire his own private security detail to guard him, which I don't know what that even means when he's, they're also alleging that maybe the guns, the defaced AR fifteens were private security that left it at his house.


He will not have access to the phone or the internet and will only be visited by a pre-approved list of guests. There are paragraphs that go on and on to list all of Diddy's charitable contributions in the past, which sure, yes, great, but also he's facing a sex trafficking charge. He's not facing a greedy billionaire charge. You know, the attorneys also later state, there's 30 million reasons for this to be depicted as a one-sided thing. One for each dollar that he's being sued. The bail proposal is aggressive, and it likely has to do with Diddy's conditions in jail. A supposed insider for the jail stated, there's no doubt Diddy will be like Ghislaine. He's gonna be a target inside. His lawyers will be doing all they can to get him out.


It's a monumental fall from Grace also, because you know, if you listen to episode three, there's a lot of the longstanding passionate opinions about Tupac and Biggie's death. Hmm. Which there might be people that are associated with said groups of gangs in LA that might have found themselves in federal prison in New York. Hmm. Yeah. One day he's living like a millionaire and now he's in hell on Earth, is what people say. Allegedly. Diddy once said that he never wears the same clothes twice, which would be very difficult to do in prison. Diddy's attorneys have stated that the food is inedible. From what I've been told, it's violent. Someone like Mr. Combs might be a target for certain things and we can't let that happen.


One comment reads, that's not even the worst part. The worst part is this dude is dealing With all this stuff while suddenly going cold Turkey from every upper and downer and pink and purple and white pill and powder. You can think of not only that, he's suddenly going cold Turkey on whatever he smoked and whatever he drank. Can you imagine? Oh my goodness. That's crazy. It's gonna be a very sobering moment for him, which many medicines agree that he most likely deserves every ounce of suffering for that hotel beating video alone. We're not saying that he's guilty of all the other allegations. We're just saying, yeah, well, that video told us all we need to know about sympathy or no sympathy of him being in prison. Side note, in a vogue segment, when Diddy was getting ready for the 2023 Met Gala, he said he has one of the most extensive male beauty routines in the world.


First, he gets in the sauna for an hour. Then he gets into an ice bath and they have this new ice cupping therapy, and then he takes a sip of Deion tequila, and then he hits the red carpet and he's ready to shine and spread love. One inmate says, yeah, no, you're not getting any of that. In fact, there might be mold in food. The food's gonna be cold, people are gonna try to tamper with your food. There might be mold. The prosecutors don't care. They, they essentially said Mbu. They state in their letter to the judge that Diddy should not be released on bail. They state, they also referenced the Epstein case r Kelly's case, Keith Rainier's case, the Niom cult leader as well as Lawrence Ray, the college sex quote leader that we did two episodes on as reference.


They quote, sex trafficking defendants, regardless of the age of their victims, are routinely, routinely detained pretrial, especially when they have engaged in repeated obstructive conduct. Additionally, they questioned the fact that Diddy should be able to use his wealth to set up a proposed bail package because all of this is just because he's a billionaire, well, was a billionaire because if he was Joe from down the block, he would not be able to propose a bail package like this for the sex trafficking charge. Moreover, they state, simply put, he's a serial abuser and a serial obstruct. They also state that shortly after another lawsuit was filed against him in November of 2023, this is before his arrest, according to prosecutors did he reached out to a victim of SA alleged essay to try and ask for her support and friendship.


The prosecutor state. In those calls, he attempts to convince the victim that she willingly engaged in acts constituting sexual abuse. Allegedly days after Cassie filed her lawsuit did he allegedly called an unnamed victim that he was financially supporting, and that woman texted Diddy back later allegedly stating that reading Cassie's lawsuit felt I was reading my own sexual trauma. It makes me sick how three solid pages word for word is exactly my experiences in my anguish. Wow. But according to prosecutors, Diddy continued to allegedly gaslight the woman trying to convince her that she remembers incorrectly and she in fact did want those things to happen that she essentially consented to it. All the court papers claim that Diddy told the victim if she continues to be on his side and provide support and friendship, that she doesn't have to worry about anything else, which is a thinly veiled reference to continuing that financial support.


Didion Diddy and his attorneys have denied Diddy's attorneys state that the phone calls were not to intimidate anyone. It was just he was calling potential witnesses to let them know that his attorneys wanted to speak with them. They also state that this behavior was, quote, the furthest thing from witness obstruction. I can think of, I don't know if that would ring true for me. Ultimately, the judge has denied the request for bail twice. Two separate judges. The judge said, my concern is that this is a crime that happens behind closed doors. I don't know that you can control yourself. There are simply no conditions that would ensure that the defendant's efforts to obstruct and tamper with witnesses will stop. In some the defendant's long history of violent conduct makes clear that even the most stringent bail conditions will not suffice To ensure the safety of the community, he will likely have to stay in prison or jail until his trial, and as for the dozens of lawsuits filed against him, it's likely that Diddy will not face those civil lawsuits before his criminal trial is concluded.


For example, bill Cosby, Harvey Weinstein, Danny Masterson, they all filed motions to delay their civil litigation by their accusers while they're being tried in the criminal court system, which of course, if he's convicted in the criminal case, that would obviously be very helpful to the plaintiffs. According to one lawyer who reed Cosby victims, he said, you want a convicted felon sitting at the defense table across from you, but many say even from behind bars, the man is terrifying. One insider source told media outlets, he's so powerful. Everyone was afraid to cross him. Even though he's behind bars now, he's still powerful. He's incredibly smart. He knows a lot of people and he's helped a lot of people, so a lot of people owe him, and he knows that he's capable of a lot, much more than people think.


Even now, another ex-employee says he's someone you don't wanna make an enemy of. When people do go against him, that person gets ostracized. It is stated that Diddy's attorneys are planning to file a new petition for pretrial release. They state there is quote, new information that has come to light, but they don't specify. One of the attorneys representing a victim said they're not gonna get scared because courage is contagious. Diddy's mom finally made a statement. It reads, I come to you today as a mother that is devastated and profoundly saddened by the allegations made against my son Sean Combs. It's heartbreaking to see my son judge not for truth, but for a narrative created out of lies to bear witness what seems to be like a public lynching of my son before he has had the opportunity to prove his innocence is a pain too unbearable to put into words like every human being.


My son deserves to have his day in court to finally share his side and to prove his innocence, which is kind of a hard statement to digest when you consider. There is video footage of him being incredibly violent with Cassie to which his mom states. I am not here to portray my son as perfect because he has not. He has made mistakes in his past as we all have. My son may not have been entirely truthful about certain things such as denying that he has ever gotten violent with an ex-girlfriend when the hotel surveillance showed otherwise. Sometimes the truth and a lie becomes so closely intertwined that it becomes terrifying to admit one part of the story, especially when it's outside the norm or too complicated to be believed. This is why I believe my son's civil legal team opted to settle the ex-girlfriend's lawsuit instead of contesting it until the end resulting in a ricochet effect.


As the federal government used this decision against my son interpreting it as an admission of guilt, it is important to recognize that none of us, regardless of our status, are immune to fear or mistakes. Not being entirely straightforward about one issue does not mean my son is guilty of the repulsive allegations and the grave charges against him. These lies thrown at him are motivated by those seeking a financial gain and not justice. These individuals saw how quickly my son's civil legal team settled his ex-girlfriend's lawsuit, so they believe that they could receive a quick payday by falsely accusing my son, say, my son, one more time. To make matters worse, the federal government is now using these lies to prosecute my son. The injustice has been unbearable for our family.


The worst part of this ordeal is watching my beloved son be stripped of his dignity, not for what he did, but for what people choose to believe about him. She says, watching the world make jokes and laugh at my son's life crumbling before our eyes is something I can never forget. Then don't forget it, she continues. It is truly agonizing to watch the world turn against my son so quickly and easily over lies and misconceptions without ever hearing his side or affording him the opportunity to present his side. I ask his supporters, fans, colleagues, friends, and the public to not judge him before you've had the chance to hear his side. I beg you to think about those who have been wrongfully persecuted and to remember that not everyone who has made mistakes in life deserves to have their entire existence judged by single action or a few mistakes.


This is the worst thing ever. Yeah, I mean. I think it would've sufficed as this is a private matter, please give my family some privacy as we are navigating these very difficult conversations and situations versus my son, my son, my son, my poor baby, my son. To which someone comments. She sounds like she's part of the reason that he turned out this way. Oh yeah. Another reads, she failed as a mother. She should be ashamed. Typical mom responses, nothing to see or read here. Yeah, says every mother in history. I hope someone shows her the tapes. One that is writes monsters often come from monsters, which side note, while Diddy's mom was on her way to court, someone heckled her outside screaming, Janice, your son is a predator.


Your son is a predator and deserves to be locked up. Which I don't know if that's appropriate, but it does seem like it stems from her very public, bizarrely written statement of her son, and they so called public lynching. I mean, thankfully, I don't think the children were heckled, especially his minor children. The kids have released their first joint statement. I do want to mention there are a lot of people saying we should not be calling them his like the children. The kids, right? Because they're pretty old. So Justin is like 30 or they're nearing 30. Justin and Christian, and they have been named in lawsuits. Again, I'm not saying that they've committed any wrongdoing, I'm just saying we don't know, but as for the girls, they, there's a lot of sympathy.


like I said, they released a joint statement in regards to conspiracy theories and the calling of the reinvestigation into Kim Porter's death, but they also released a secondary joint statement that reads, this past month has devastated our family. Many have judged both him and us based on accusations, conspiracy theories, and false narratives that have spiraled into absurdity on social media. We stand united supporting you every step of the way. We hold onto the truth knowing it will prevail and nothing will break the strength of our family. We miss you and love you, dad, to which a lot of medicines feel sympathy for the kids. They say as gross as Diddy is, I understand his children defending him or you know that's still their father, but I definitely wouldn't be speaking to the public at all.


Others actually think Diddy is really messed up for allowing his kids to make a statement. Many parents say, as a parent, I would never allow my children to make a public statement because just go through it alone. Don't get your kids involved. They're already going through it. You don't need them to make a public statement for media to pick apart, for comments, to say, oh, 'cause you want his money, like, you don't need that. Why did you do that? It only helps Diddy. It doesn't help his kids. Others, right? Telling the kids not to defend their father when he hasn't been convicted is wild. Their silence would've been just as loud. So I mean.


Corrine, who wrote the book about her alleged time around rappers, the one that said that she was enamored by Diddy, and he said that she'll have you on video with fingers in your butt. She says, the problem is not just Diddy and it's not just music or hip hop. The problem is men who have a deep down hatred for women. And side note, when her book came out in 2005, everyone hated it, called her a liar, which again, I'm not verifying the statements made in her book, but with Diddy being arrested, it seems like people are now more open to her credibility. Perhaps she says, I said everything I needed to say 10, 20, 15 years ago, and all you guys all call me a crazy liar. You call me crazy bipolar, a whore and a bitter bitch, and now everyone's calling me to do interviews.


Wendy Williams states, wow, you know how I feel about that, his arrest, it's about time, but now you have to think how many more times, how many more people, how many more women? It's just horrible. What is really weird is that I have been told by many people, Wendy, you called it, including some people in my own family who have said the same. Aub Brio Day of Danity King has stated that she does not feel vindicated because she was one of the first ones to be vocal about Diddy in her negative experience with him. She says, there's no vindication when you're a victim of someone, anyone being exposed or any truths being told don't change the reality of what you experienced. She says about the video of Diddy beating Cassie in the hotel. Diddy did not apologize to Cassie. He apologized to the world for seeing what he did, but she seems hopeful of his arrest she took to Twitter to say, the purpose of justice is to provide an ending and allow us the space to create a new chapter.


Women never get this. I feel validated today is a win for women all over the world, not just me. Things are finally changing. When it was released that Diddy's homes were getting raided, 50 cent posted pictures along with the caption. Now it's not Diddy do it, it's Diddy done. They don't come like that unless they got a case. Later when CNN leaked the hotel footage, 50 cents said, first they denied that it even happened. Then the tape comes out. So that means everything that man says is a lie. When someone watches that, if they have a daughter and they can imagine her being under those circumstances, that shit is crazy. Like they let him get away with it. 50 cents said in a podcast that he did not participate in freak offs. He said, I also didn't go to those parties.


So the celebrity culture that you don't hear saying anything is because they participated to a degree. I'm just not With all that freaky shit, like all that shit he's doing. I'm just not into that type of stuff. I'm just a little more, maybe you could say basic or normal. Kesha has her hit song, TikTok, which there used to be a line that reads first line, wake up in the morning feeling like Pete Diddy, but now she has changed it to say, wake up in the morning feeling like Fuck p Diddy. Wow. I don't think she's rerecorded it to reflect in the streaming platforms, but a few months back, she had a surprise appearance at Coachella where she performed the song with the new lyrics, but there are some bad takes out there. Bow Wow has come out to, you know, the bow wow challenge.


He said he was on a private jet, but he wasn't on a private jet. Oh, right. He has come out to state. I never thought I would see it like this. It's like a whole, you know, Diddy, it's like a hole in the industry. He was such a gatekeeper for the liquor and the clubs. He was everything. Hip hop. It just didn't feel right because there was no motion. There were no parties. After Diddy's gone, There's a hole. Yeah, wow. Another rapper, boozy, badass, said Diddy's in jail for basically doing what every other famous entertainer has done. Flew bitches out for threesomes. He just freakier. So we actually are gonna call women sex workers who fly in willingly to be with their partners for sex. If that's the case, if you've been flu out and had sex, you should be labeled as a sex worker.


If that's the case, that's 80% of the woman reading this. You're a celebrity, you gotta fly pussy in. How else are you gonna get the pussy? But facing quote, life in prison for doing basically what so many other entertainers have done. Hashtag I disagree. That is crazy. He also continues, I'm starting to feel like the sex trafficking charge is literally just for flying bitches in for three sums, and it's being used as a tool to take down hip hop artists and celebrities. Just think about it. Be careful who you fly in Ants have responded to the rapper saying, you're talking like you're on them tapes. So you saw sex trafficking and said, yeah, that's totally me.


Hey, boozy. Shut up sometimes is another comment. Another comment reads, take your balls out of Diddy's mouth. He's not coming back home. Which a lot of people say they're not surprised considering that he admitted on livestream that he hired sex workers for his son and cousin nephews when they turned 12 and 13. No. Yeah, he said on Instagram live, I'm training these boys. Right. Ask my nephews. Ask any of them. When they was 12 and 13, they got head, you know? Yeah. That's how it's supposed to be. Hell yeah. I got my fucking son's. Yeah, I'm fucking right. Yes. A grown woman, grown, super grown, super grown, checked his ass out. She's grown. She checked me out too. I know what the fuck she did to them because I'm getting them prepared, man.


So he is bragging about allegedly orchestrating essay on his own family members. One of Diddy's alleged victims have also stated, she was one of the first to file a lawsuit. She says, this is not about money. It's about making sure that the world sees this man who rose to the level of an icon, but he is actually sick and has left so many victims in the wake of his unpunished, disgusting behavior for years. Another victim who filed a lawsuit but remains anonymous, said, I hope the lawsuit will not just hold Sean Combs, but also all of those who acted with him stood silent and actively covered up his behavior. She said that her nightmare is not an isolated incident. Liza Gardner, who named Erin Hall, the r and b singer in her lawsuit, her attorney states it's about damn time.


Sometimes justice delayed is not justice denied. So long as justice ultimately arrives. One that is in comment reads, I assume these are just the ones that have enough evidence that a lawyer thinks it can go to trial. The number could be well into the thousands if you consider this span of three decades. Also, statute of limitations varies by state, by state. This disgusting case is just getting worse and worse the more you dig. Another comment reads, I don't even think I know 120 people. Another reads, and how many fucking people knew about it for decades and decades? Another comment reads, when you think you're untouchable, God has a way of putting his hands on you. The devil really came back and collected.


Diddy is currently facing 15 years to life behind bars if convicted. Meaning if he is convicted and somehow given the minimum sentence, he will be 69 at the time of his release in a segment with Vanity Fair. Diddy states, I'm free as a motherfucker. Ironically, he's wearing a T-shirt that says free on there, which as of recording this video does not hold up to be true. And that is the end of our four part Diddy series. There's actually so much more that I haven't included. I feel like when the trial started to happen, start like happening next year, I mean, I feel like there's gonna be more than four parts, like four more parts is what I'm saying.


Like, yeah, And you know, I think there were a lot of questions of people saying why wasn't Epstein's case talked about as much, which I do think Epstein's case is heavily talked about. Right. But I think one aspect that people are forgetting in this, that I see a lot of discourse on is Diddy and his friends are all famous. So there's a lot of discourse and information pertaining to their past because a lot of it is more public versus a lot of these heads of companies. They can get away with a lot of stuff because they're not public figures. And that is also another conversation for another day. Because people think that there's a lot of executives in the music industry that either knew about what Diddy was doing was complicit, let it happen, maybe took part in it.


Yeah, yeah. But I guess nobody really cares about them because it's like, do you really care about John in a suit? Right, When you have Ashton Kutcher, you know? So I don't know. What are your thoughts? Let me know and stay safe. I will see you guys in the next one. Bye.