
Ramble


If you're into true crime and horror content, a ton of great new content from leading Korean entertainment producer CJ e and m just launched on Samsung TV plus, and you can watch it for free even better. I have two hit show recommendations for you. Voice four is a series centered around an emergency call center manned by Kanju, who has this incredible hearing ability, the ability to pinpoint exact voices and sounds that are missed by all those around her. And Detective Derek Cho is a serial killer expert called in when a new killer appears with K's exact same ability. The show keeps you on the edge of your seat as the killer toys with both of them while committing more murders. My second recommendation is dark hole. It skews a bit more horror. The series begins when a sinkhole opens up at the edge of a small city and something evil crawls out with humans mutating into monsters. This series follows the survivors as they try to continue surviving. Voice for dark hole and more are available now for free on Samsung TV plus in the us, meaning anyone with the Samsung Smart TV or Samsung Galaxy phone with the Samsung TV plus app can simply search their titles and start watching, happy watching,


Explaining football to the friend who's just there for the nachos. Hard tailgating from home like a pro with snacks and drinks. Everyone will love an easy win. And with Instacart helping deliver the snack time MVPs to your door, you're ready for the game in as fast as 30 minutes so you never miss a play or lose your seat on the couch or have to go head to head for the last chicken wing shop game day faves on Instacart and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three. Grocery orders offer valid for a limited time. Other fees and terms apply.


Bad, bad. It's the middle of the day in South Korea. South Koreans are busy. They're rushing to their next place. They're heading to work, they're grabbing lunch, they're picking up the kids from school. Everybody's minding their own business, except there's this one man, an American guy named Ramsey. He's looking side to side. Maybe it's hindsight, it just appears that he's up to no good. He's live streaming on his phone, and eventually when he puts his backpack, he puts his phone down and props it up the livestream. Viewers can see this female figure in front of Ramsey, and he pulls out his portable speaker and he just starts blasting a song in the middle of a public street in broad daylight.


The lyrics of the song Go, Last Night. I couldn't even get an answer. I tried to call, but my pride wouldn't let me dial. It's a song titled Last Night by Diddy p Diddy, puff Daddy, whatever you wanna call him, the American man, Ramsey. He starts slowly walking up to the figure of that woman and he starts stripping off his shirt until he's shirtless in the middle of the street, grabbing a bottle of baby oil, and he just starts smearing it all over his chest in broad daylight in the middle of Seoul, a whole crowd of Koreans form Passerbys. He's trying to rub his butt up against the female figure.


He's trying to dance all up on this female figure, rubbing Bo baby oil onto her. And the Koreans are screaming at him in Korean and he's screaming back in English. He doesn't stop dancing, he just screams back. And it seems like he's screaming more towards his live streaming audience. I think these people are about to call the police on me. But for what? For what? What did I do wrong? I'm just trying to show her love because of what I'm trying to show my love to her. Like show the woman love, like, like what Pete did. He always says, yeah, show some love. Yeah. Well, I think KVD said that mainly, but yes. Oh, okay. Yes. So eventually the crowd becomes very angry that he stops dancing with the figure of the woman.


He puts his shirt back on and he sits down. This is all live streamed and all of it would go viral in South Korea, making it to the news, making it to a congressional hearing, making him the number one target for all South Koreans because the figure that he's rubbing baby oil on whilst playing Diddy songs. I mean the implication. Being very clear there. The woman that he's doing this to is a bronze statue. She is there to memorialize the hundreds of thousands of girls and women that were essayed and tortured during the war, girls and women that were essayed 40 to 60 times per day for years for the quote unquote comfort of soldiers.


This video will go viral and Ramsey will be hunted on the streets of South Korea by day 35 in South Korea. Ramsey will have been beaten on the streets multiple times with busted eyebrows, busted lips, and the very interesting part is he's not free to leave South Korea. The authorities have confiscated his passport. They're opening an investigation into him. He's stuck in South Korea in a nation where he's being hunted for sport. This is the story of Ramsey Khalid Ishmael, otherwise known as Johnny Somali, the most hated American guy in South Korea.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support Palestine Children's Relief Fund. They are a volunteer based group that provides free medical care and humanitarian aid to thousands of injured, abused, and abandoned children. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys, our listeners, for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available by Ron Mango podcast.com. Some quick disclaimers for today's case. There's mentions of essay, sex trafficking, sex slavery, and if that's too heavy, please take care, stay safe. And for general disclaimers, I wanna be very clear that any discussions about specific countries, their history or mentions of wrongdoings is not an effort to degrade their people nor their culture.


Just like how Americans do not wanna be identified by our politicians' decisions or our government's decisions, much of which we strongly oppose. The same goes for every other country, nor is it meant to single out any specific region because historically, I think every single region and country has a past that they are not proud of and should not be proud of. And one last brief note, the American streamer goes by the name Johnny Somali. His Wikipedia page states that he's half Somali, but he has done a video where he states that he's half Ethiopian and Yemeni. It does not appear that he's Somali, and regardless if he's Somali or not, many Somalis are frustrated that he's putting Somali as his username because it's making them look bad. And it's not even just like a small group of talkers being like he, he look at this guy, it's becoming an international issue.


So for this purpose of this video, he's Johnny Salami. If we're talking about his username Salami Like the meat, because he's not Johnny Somali, I don't think that we should keep using his username. Additionally, I will be referring to him as his real government name, which is Ramsey Khalid Ishmael. His name is Ramsey, and he is an American national. Perhaps he immigrated when he was younger. Honestly, I can't be too certain, but he does hold a US passport. He's a US citizen and he's an American. We will be calling him by his real name, Ramsey Khalid Ishmael. So with that being said, let's get started. Do you know the game? Where's Waldo? You look for a certain figure in a busy crowd, and when you find him, you win the game.


It's like a big game in pin and seek. This is taking place in real life right now in South Korea, but instead of looking for Waldo in the red and white stripe shirt, south Koreans are looking for this American streamer named Ramsey. One Net is in comment reads, Ramsey's biggest mistake was that he let South Koreans turn their anger into a game of Ramsey Catch. When anger and gaming skills are combined, there is no country in the world that can beat South Korea and Ramsey's trying to be discreet, or at least he's thinking he is. He's wearing all black, which during the colder months, most Koreans do love an all black look. It's sleek, it's subtle. It goes with everything. It doesn't make you stand out. Ramsey's gone ahead and he's paired it with a black beanie.


He's in a quiet part of Seoul near a bunch of alleyways with his two friends, but that doesn't stop him from being hunted. Two friends, are they American too or they're Koreans? One of them is an American. The other one is I believe a Korean national that got deported from America and was arrested in America for firearms violations. But he's ethnically Korean. The other one is American, But they're all from America. So they traveled here together, right? I think the Korean now lives there because he's been deported. Wow, okay. Now, every single day that Ramsey is staying in South Korea, there is a bounty out for him, albeit it's a rather small bounty, $770 for his whereabouts, but perhaps that's more insulting than anything.


He's walking down an alleyway win. He he hears them, they're coming for him. The Koreans, he starts running for his life because the streets are relatively empty. Nobody's out. There's nobody that he can scream to to save him. And even if he did at this point, who's to say that they're not just gonna jump in and start beating him too? Honestly, maybe he's thinking that maybe it's radio silence up here while he's running away. I'm not sure, but there's this big Korean man that's chasing after him, just running down the alleyway after him, and once he reaches Ramsey, the Korean man grabs the back of Ramsey's jacket and slams him over his shoulder, smack onto the Cold Street pavement and kicks him square in the chest and face.


The whole thing is being recorded, and once it's uploaded, I've never seen a whole nation of people. So united in asking why not more do it some more because what is happening right now? Why is violence being condoned? What is happening to the American Ramsey in South Korea right now? I mean South Korea has a notorious bullying problem and one that is in comments. Finally, Korean bullying problem pointed in the right direction. The whole nation is pretty much unanimously angry at Ramsey. He's the nation's punching bag. There's clips of Ramsey and his friend Gino, another American streamer, and they're walking down this other alleyway. They're both in real life streamers, IRL streamers.


Are they streaming on like Twitch or what? What's going On? They got banned on Twitch. Then they went on Kick, or at least Ramsey went on kick. He got banned on Kick. He got banned from YouTube. He's on Rumble now, I believe. He just keeps getting banned. But they're both IRL streamers, meaning they like to go around and explore new towns or countries while streaming on their phones using I think starlink to get cell reception. And they just like walk around different towns. I mean most of them just have these long selfie sticks in their phones streaming in real time on the street. It's interesting because they're both streaming together, so you get two perspectives of the same incident. They're standing on the side of the street in South Korea and it's nighttime, but it's still fairly early.


So there's people everywhere when out of nowhere, Ramsey Stream takes a tumble. It's like he dropped his phone and it goes black for a moment. What the hell just happened? Just mid-sentence. He's gonna cut out his stream, but you can see it on his friend's perspective. Gino's Stream, Ramsey did not just randomly decide to drop his phone. He was standing on the side of the street. When a man walks up to him, a Korean man and just punches him, Dex Ramsey in the face before walking away, not even running away, he is walking away in the most calm manner, hands in his pockets. Like nothing just occurred given zero context at all. If you don't know what's going on, you could say, if we live in a context list, nuance list world, just judging by this clip, this was an unprompted unprovoked attack.


You could say that, but the comments would read otherwise. Top comments read Captain Korea. That's the guy's name now we love him. Someone buy the guy a beer. Perfect landing, good execution of punch. Now do it again. Translated comments by South Korean citizens read because of Patriots like that, the dignity of the country shall be maintained. Others read. He should have hit more. He should be honored with the Brave Citizen Award, actually. So what the hell did Ramsey do that would warrant all of this? Is it just because he danced with a statue? What's going on? Prior to coming to South Korea, Ramsey had gone on this world tour of sorts just making Americans look bad. That is his whole thing. But his antics really start in Japan.


He live streams himself out in Japan, harassing citizens, doing the most obnoxious racist things. And because the world is depressing, he actually gains so much attention doing that versus when he's just out vlogging and showing off what he's eating. Nobody cares. And When was Japan? End of 20, 23. Mm. Was this the one that we saw? Was it Guy on the subway station? Went to like an all female subway and then, oh, That's a different man. Okay. Okay. No, these, some of these IRL streamers are ruining Japan. That Is crazy. So there's like a, this is a trend that people do, and There are Japanese citizens protesting tourists. They're like, we actually despise you.


Please never come. Wow. Yeah, it's so bad. It's so bad's. I mean, obviously tourism is great in any country, but not this type of tourism. Ramsey would go onto the subways in Japan and say that everybody is shooting him dirty ass looks on the subway. He's insinuating that all the Japanese people are aggressively mean and are racist, but it's because you're live streaming and waving a camera around, which by the way, he keeps saying, everyone's shooting me dirty. Looks as if they're all the problem, but they're not. Eventually, he's straight up tells his own viewers that he's not trying to give the foreigners a good image in Japan. He's out here trying to give foreigners a bad image. He says, I'm not a role model. He also proceeds to call everyone in Japan, an NPC.


He will literally walk around live streaming saying crazy. These are all just NPCs out here. They're all NPCs, bro. All NPCs. Which side note, NPC stands for non playable character in games like the ones that stand on the side offering you a side quest. When there were women that refused to be on his live stream, he made fun of them saying that they didn't wanna be on camera because they used too much filters. So now they can't show their real faces just being straight up racist and misogynistic. One could potentially argue that Ramsey himself is the one that could benefit from over usage of filters, but it does not stop him from just being blatantly rude and disregarding another country's culture and norms.


He will live stream himself walking into restaurants where everything is in Japanese because he's in Japan, and he starts aggressively shaking menus, pointing at the menu, saying everything is in this Mulan language. Oh yeah, That's crazy. He would walk around getting drunk, screaming on the streets. We're here to destroy Japanese society, drop a new emoji in the chat, chat, drop a new emoji. That is crazy. But by far the most viral, viral for all the wrong reasons, clip of Ramsey is him sitting inside a subway car in Japan. There's a Japanese man sitting next to him minding his own business.


When Ramsey looks to him and says, Hiroshima, the guy looks confused because why are you just telling me a random city in Japan that's like me walking up to someone and being like Philadelphia? It's so random. He takes off his earbuds and he looks confused and Ramsey double downs. You know Hiroshima? Yeah, Nagasaki. Okay. Now the man looks uncomfortable because yes, both of those places are cities, but also the two cities that the US bombed during World War ii killing over a quarter million people, most of whom were civilians. And now you have an American I mean, obviously the Japanese man at this point wouldn't know his nationality, but you can presume that he's an American just sitting there asking him if he knows about these two cities.


Johnny continues, why you do this Pearl Harbor? Then he starts screaming on the train, he oshima Nagasaki, you know why we do this to you? Right? Because you don't know how to behave. I swear to God. You do Again, we do again. Do you understand Hiroshima, Nagasaki? We do. Again, which none of the Japanese people on the train do anything because for one, maybe they just don't wanna give him the time of day or two. I would honestly be kind of scared. Is he saying he has something on the train? Is he saying he's gonna do it again on the train? It's a bit scary to even react, but one American walks up to him, a Korean American.


Why don't you leave this guy alone? Just leave him alone, man. What do you mean? The Korean American asks him, where are you from, man? I'm from America. You're You're from America. So am I. Yeah, you're being obnoxious, dude. You know what we do to you? The Korean American man is confused. What do you do? Because they're both American. We will do it again. Do what? He oshima Nagasaki, which is just racist, on top of racist at this point. But Ramsey keeps questioning him that he's from America until the Korean American man says, I'm from Texas, buddy. But Ramsey continues asking him what his ethnicity is. I'm Korean. Then sit down, brother. Why don't you sit your ass down?


Okay, then Korean War, you know what happened to you? That's freaking crazy. The Korean American man just tries to tell him, come on, you're being obnoxious. Leave the guy alone speaking about the Japanese guy, Korean War, north Korean War. You know what we did to you? This is one of the first clips of Ramsey's to go viral, and once he realizes that everyone hates him, he starts live streaming angrily in the streets of Japan again. So prior to this, he's not getting much attention. This is the clip that blows up. Everyone on X is talking about him, and he's upset. He's live streaming. Everybody's mad at me. I don't give a shit. Don't take shit too seriously. More haters is more views. More views is more money. More haters is the more eyes watching.


More eyes watching is more money. You know what I mean? Haters are my motivators. You know, the more haters, the better. And. I can just tell you, as someone who also posts on the internet, when you hear someone say that, that means they are very bothered. He says, the more haters, the better. The more viewers the better. I love every single one of my haters, bro. You know what I mean? We dunno what you mean. Which is good, I guess, because Johnny will meet many of his haters after that video clip of him screaming Hiroshima, Nagasaki screaming at employees, calling the Japanese language moan language goes viral. He's still in Japan, live streaming. Naturally, he starts getting confronted. A middle aged man flicks him off and starts ramming his bike into Ramsey. Another time he gets confronted in an alleyway completely alone at night by a man on a motorcycle.


Suddenly, big, bad, tough. Johnny salami on the subway. He's gone. Ramsey is telling the guy, chill, chill, chill, chill. I didn't even say anything. He's street live streaming. Yes. He's like, chill, chill, chill. I didn't even say anything. I was just saying what the Chad told me to say, you know, I'm trying to make money, money. I'm just trying to make money. I'm just trying to make a living. The guy gets off his motorcycle and starts stalking him, walking behind him in the alleyway. He takes off his helmet. He wants to understand, why would you say that? Why? Somebody gave me money to say it. They gave me money, okay, to say it. Understand? I understand, but it's not good. The Japanese man says in English, Johnny then proceeds to tell the police 'cause he calls the police on him. Oh, that the man threatened him because he's a member of the Yakuza, which is again, just so bizarre.


There's another incident where he runs into a Japanese streamer, miko, and he is so aggressive with her just popping up, trying to interact with her. She's taken aback. She's streaming in real time on Twitch, and he warns her, oh, you just showed me on your stream. You know, on Twitch, if you even show the face of a banned Twitch streamer, you're gonna get banned. 'cause you're platforming somebody that's banned. This is her livelihood. So later in the stream, she breaks down crying, which I was thinking about too. It's not even just he is threatening her livelihood and making her scared, but imagine being a Japanese streamer and And. I think she lives in Belgium, but besides the point he, she's Japanese, right? You run into this notorious streamer now for all the wrong reasons, who has attacked Japan, and it's a feeling of I should have said something or done something or told him it's not okay.


Condemn his actions while everybody's watching because I'm Japanese, this is what I stand for, but also, how terrifying is it? You're taken aback because you weren't prepared to run into him and now you're scared, and now you could lose your livelihood or everybody could be mad at you for not saying anything. But in that moment, you were so scared to say anything, and the pressure of it all is just coming down on her. Later, she tweets thanking her viewers for being kind, and she said, we worked quickly with Twitch staff to avoid having our account banned. I burst into tears because there was just so much going on, but I hope he leaves Japan soon. I felt helpless as I couldn't do anything even though he was right in front of my face. Thank you everyone for your concern. Which side note, Ramsey has apologized before in Japan multiple times.


There is one clip of him bowing down like a full proper bow, but I, I will say any apology he gives is pretty much fake. He apologizes twice in Japan, but he's not sorry. He only apologizes when he's about to get beaten. He only apologizes when he thinks he's about to get arrested. And after he leaves Japan, he starts talking very negatively about Japan. After his apologies. To give you context, one of his more known apologies in Japan came after he was choked out on the street by a stranger. So clearly it, he's not actually sorry. But immediately after that, after his apology, he goes to Disneyland, Japan and starts IRL streaming, which is first of all not allowed on any Disneyland properties, but he wore his speaker on his shirt so that his followers can donate.


So certain platforms, when you have IRL streaming, you can have viewers donate in real time. If they donate a certain amount, they can have automated text or they can have some sort of sound song or something play on his speaker. Okay? Now, a lot of streamers won't do that because you're inviting people to donate just so they can say very explicit things that you have to now witness and listen, and everybody has to see you react to. It's just a, it's not the best thing to do, I would say. I see, unless you have a really good community of people, which clearly he does not, but he wears this speaker on his shirt, his followers are donating and they're typing whatever they want it to say and play out loud.


And of course, naturally the smooth brained crowd of people, they keep playing things like sucky, sucky, atomic bomb, and sexually as explicit noises. In Japan at the Disneyland, he would also go around moaning, quote, anime sounds like stereotypical anime, sexually explicit type of noises. I guess he's making that noise himself. Yes. Out of his own mouth, yes. Just aggressively making those noises in public. While stalking high schoolers in Japan, he does ultimately get confronted by a group of Japanese streamers who find out where he's staying. He half apologizes, not really. He just states that he has autism, which I don't think he does, but also crazy.


And because of the language barrier, they believe that he is apologized and they walk off. There's another incident where he's dancing on a crosswalk and a man, a stranger just walks up to him and slaps him so hard across his face that his hat gets knocked off his head. And he is always traveling with this little minion of his named Gino, IRLA fellow American streamer. He is Ramsey 2.0. He's probably most well known for his stunts in Thailand. He actually tries the whole deplorable foreigner traveling in other people's countries and doing things that they wouldn't do dare in their home country type of act. In Thailand, there's this whole bit where Gino tries it in Thailand, which is very, I don't know if you can call it satisfying per se, but it's a very interesting clip of Gino.


He's with Ramsey later that day. They separate and he's walking around, he's walking down this busy street in Thailand, and there's these rows of restaurants and tons of civilians eating dinner on the side of the road. He's live streaming while walking. He says, I don't care what it is, I just wanna fucking, and he says, gut your ass alive. He swings to the side as he's saying this out of you from the live stream, but he likely either pushed something or someone, or pushed a chair, or perhaps he got into a stranger's face that's just casually eating dinner at a restaurant. It's unclear. But Gino walks away after that because he just loves acting like he's so big, bad, and tough.


The belief here is either the Thai people, the people of this country will not understand what he said in English, or perhaps they're just generally too busy to care for a speck of dust like him. I'm not sure what he thought was gonna happen. I've only known my Thai friends to be very patient and tolerant, but not until you disrespect them, which I find this very disrespectful. He keeps walking, thinking he's this big bad boy. And when you see a glimpse from the screen, it's like the whole restaurant came out and they're following him. Now. What? There's like 20 people walking out after him. So They fully understood what he said. I mean. I don't know if they un, I think so. I mean most of them were speaking English. But also you just don't do that.


Mm. Even if you said something very nice, I just wanna love you. It's the body language, the tone. It was bad. Okay? It's like you wanna fight. So he's walking away knowing that there's a bunch of people following Him. He doesn't know. Oh, until he finally looks at his screen, sees a bunch of them just following him, zoned in, zeroed in, staring at the back of his head, and he turns around and he starts, yo, yo, yo, check this out. You're chill, chill, chill. I didn't mean to, I didn't. I pay money. I, I pay, I pay. I give money. To which they say, we don't need money, you, we don't do it like this in Thailand. Gino then starts apologizing. They give him a lecture and they let him go because they're good people.


This is his little sidekick. This is his minion.


One of the most intelligent people I know is a polyglot, AKA. She knows multiple languages fluently. She even dreams in each language whenever she travels to that specific country. It's like a super cool secret superpower or a cool party trick. And you would never guess just by looking at her, which is all the more impressive. I grew up learning Korean, but I am nowhere near close to being fully bilingual, nor can I sit down and read a book in full Korean either, unless it's like a children's book. But my family friend who's a polyglot, she reads, writes, and can even tell the difference between accents and each language she speaks. She grew up speaking English and French, and now she's completely fluent in those plus Chinese Spanish, and she knows a little bit of Arabic for religious reasons. So with Rosetta Stone, you can become bilingual, trilingual, or even 25 lingual because Rosetta Stone offers 25 different language learning programs. Rosetta Stone is the most trusted language learning program available on desktop or an app in case you're actively traveling around that country. The app is the way to go, and it truly immerses you in that language that you wanna learn. If you're looking to brush up on a childhood language like me with Korean, or starting from scratch like I am with Chinese, or looking to advance your vocabulary and more Rosetta, Stone is the most affordable, best option for long-term retention and fast language acquisition. One of the only ways my family friend is able to stay fluent in all four languages is because she has the ability to travel to each country for work. However, that's definitely not the majority of us. And take it from her. Rosetta Stone is the best alternative option. The programs immerse you in so many ways, and even if you can't travel or converse with native speakers in person, Rosetta Stone has built in true accent feature that gives you feedback on your pronunciation, like a personal trainer for your specific accent. And remember how I said that with Rosetta Stone, you can be bilingual, trilingual, even 25 lingual will. Now with Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership, you get access to all 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Spanish, French, Italian, German, Korean, Chinese, Dutch, Arabic, Polish, and so on. Don't put off learning that language. There is no better time than right now. To get started, Rotten Mango listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off at Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten.


Today, my sister-in-Law, Tiffany's wedding is coming up soon, and which we're also excited, and honestly so grateful that Zola, the sponsor of this episode, was able to help so much. A wedding is undeniably one of the most fun, inspiring, loving, and definitely emotional events in someone's life, especially in my life. The ceremony, the after party, and depending on your culture, it could be days of unforgettable memories, but where do you even start? It's so, it's so daunting. My husband, And I were engaged for a while before we had our official wedding, and honestly, a big part of it was we just put off the planning. It's so daunting. And, I don't want Tiffany to feel any of that as she plans for her big day. So luckily, she has been using Zola to put Tiffany on all of her wedding needs. With Zola, you can plan your entire wedding in one convenient place from the day you get engaged and search for the venue to the day you send out your save the dates, make your registry, and even taste your cake. Zola has literally everything you need to make the whole process super easy and actually enjoyable. There's even a five star app that helps you plan on the go or on your couch. Zola is also a female led e-commerce company that proudly serves all genders and orientations on a personalized level. Their wedding pros are on call to walk couples from question to answer anytime with tons of unique features and personalized recommendations based on a couple's preferences. Every Zola wedding is as unique as the couple planning it. Zola has everything you need to plan your wedding in one place. You can find your venue in all your vendors, design personal, save the dates and invites, build a free wedding website, create your registry, and stay on track and on budget throughout the entire process with their free planning tools. Registering with Zola is also free, so start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com. Thank you, Zola for sponsoring today's episode.


The two of them, they travel from country to country together, IRL streaming, and now Ramsey and Gino are walking down the street when they're confronted by this woman. This is in Japan now, and she's asking him to answer for his racist comments. Ramsey and Gino, they turn around and they start calling the woman racist, accusing them of being racist on their stream and on the middle of the street. Eventually they start walking away from the woman. And you see another foreigner who's standing there. He, he looks like maybe European, I'm not sure. He's standing there witnessing all of this, smoking a cigarette. He kind of side eyes Ramsey and Gino, and then out of nowhere he just decks Gino in the face, decks him out so hard that immediately Gino gets a donation from a sub.


What? Yeah, so, okay. Wait, what? I don't know what they did in their settings, but every time Gino and Ramsey get a donation, they play a Mario sound where Mario gets a coin or something like the sound, and right when he gets decked in the face, someone subs. So it's like you punch Mario and you got a coin. Oh my goodness is the implication. Whoa. I thought for the longest time it was a post edit that other people were editing that noise in while reuploading them getting decked in the face. But it, it actually happened in real time, so It just matched perfectly. Yes. And it sounds like he got punched. Yes, for GoCoin. Got It. And Johnny is completely still processing what just happened.


He doesn't try to run, he doesn't try to fight back. He doesn't help his friend Gino. Instead, Ramsey then gets knocked in the face. Yeah, I'm so sorry. Johnny and Ramsey are the same person. It's just very confusing because all the research I did is like Johnny, Johnny, Johnny, Johnny. But I'm trying to use his government name Ramsey because I feel like it's better for him to be shamed. And then he comes and Dex Ramsey in the face. Ramsey, by the way, was not even trying to hide, was not trying to run, was not trying to help his friend. Gino was not trying to fight back. Ramsey just waits to get punched in the face. Ramsey then drops his phone and you'll hear someone donate to the live stream as well. But people start donating and they decide to do the text to speech donation.


So instead of the Mario Co sound effect, you get an automated voice saying, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, while he's out cold. And then you just hear the claps of people nearby, they're clapping that these two were just punched in the face. Medicines have since commented on this video stating, dude, God bless that guy. Hit him so hard. Mario got a coin. Another comment reads, as a Japanese person, I cannot describe how grateful I am to this guy. Violence is bad, but there is always an exception. I feel great. Another comment reads the fact that some native Japanese people clapped when these guys got decked says a lot you if you know considering how public situations are usually treated here, but what do you expect from this guy?


This is the same guy where there is a video Ramsey hitting on minors. He promptly titled this video. Johnny Salami becomes P Diddy. Yes. And it's him live streaming on the street, hitting on girls. Finally, they ask the girls how old they are. They are 16 and 17. He lies to them that he's 19, but he's actually 23. And he says it's fine because the age of consent in that area is 16. He straight up tells these girls, he doesn't care how old they are because he's ready to go to jail. He doesn't give a fuck. He tells the girls, I'm gonna groom you. He literally says, I will groom you. Do they fully understand? Yes, what he's saying? Yes. And they're getting freaked out. He's kissing their hands.


He starts trying to get their numbers and says, Hey, hey, call me Johnny 16. Call me Johnny. 17. I don't give a fuck. I'm like, P Diddy. I'm like, Epstein. I'm like r Kelly. I don't care. Ages just but a number. You need an older man with some money. I'm not from here, so I'll take the chick and leave like Diddy. I'll get on a plane and leave like Diddy and I'm out. Side note, he has also said about women before in the past that they are, quote, they are lower life forms only to be used for breeding. Shouldn't vote, shouldn't speak regardless. By the end of 2023, Ramsey is arrested in Japan. When he is finally released, he is deported from Japan and has a travel ban so that he can travel to Japan for the next five years. Eventually, he ends up in South Korea, where some would say that there are certain things that you just don't poke fun at.


There are certain boundaries that just cannot be crossed. And for each country, those boundaries are different. For Korea, that is the plight of comfort. Woman. Side note, I know that comfort woman itself is a very strange term to those that are unfamiliar, but it is the most recognized term in South Korea for what happened to these women. There are comfort women, victims and survivors in places like China, Philippines, Taiwan, Malaysia, Indonesia, just pretty much all over Asia. There are victims and survivors from all those countries, and many of them have decided that they don't like to be referred to euphemistically as comfort women. They like to be labeled as sex slave victims or survivors.


In South Korea, many of the comfort women have spoken up and said that they kind of prefer the softness of this term. And many of Koreans know this terminology better. So to change the terminology in Korea, it would just cause more confusion rather than anything. But they are literal victims of repeated torture and SA. This term is not used to make light of what happened. Obviously, the comfort woman refers to the hundreds of thousands of girls and women who were forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese military during World War ii. It's stated by many sources, like I said, that many of the victims were Korean, Chinese, Filipino, Indonesian, Malaysian, Taiwanese, Thai, Vietnamese, amongst other places.


It is probably one of the most painful parts of South Korean history, but it's also one of the most controversial because somehow it becomes politically divisive. Certain leaders of Japan have tried to rewrite history with one big excuse being where is the evidence? It's pretty well acknowledged by many that Japan destroyed many documents, including ones regarding the comfort woman's station. So that's not really the best argument to make by these politicians. If you destroy the evidence, then you ask, where's the evidence? It's not gonna go Aw over. Well, it's just not. It's also hard when 90% of the comfort women were killed so that they could not live to tell their tale. And most of them are very, very, very, very old now.


So yes, most of them have passed. Yeah, there's only like a handful of them throughout Asia, and they're in their nineties. The UN's global tribunal on violation of women's human rights estimated that by the end of World War ii, 90% of the quote, comfort women have passed. During the war. We're talking hundreds of thousands of women enslaved, taken to remote foreign territories under brutal conditions, forced to be essayed with as many as 40 soldiers per day. If the women survived, they were ashamed to not talk about what happened. They were terrified and many passed away from complications from the violent abuse that they endured from the STIs that were left untreated. Others self exited.


One of the survivors, Lee, she was running an errand for her parents. When out of nowhere a car pulls up on the street, stops every door, flings open a group of uniform men drag her into the car. She's 14 years old. She is then taken to a comfort station in the Japanese occupied China where she's forced to quote, serve Japanese soldiers. Another Korean survivor, Kim. She was 15 when she was forced into a comfort station. She states that she was taken to a station in China for Japanese soldiers. So side note, a little bit of history, because during World War ii, Japan occupied a significant portion of China as well as most of South Korea.


She gets to the station, she's asked for her age. She states she's 15, they don't care. Army medics come to examine all the girls that are brought there, and they thought they were coming here to work to create uniforms for soldiers. Not that they had a choice. Even then, Japan is occupying Korea. During the war. They were forcing Korean men just pulling kids, male kids, students out of schools to fight for the Japanese imperial army. They were pulling girls outta their homes to work in factories. Many of them were not taken to factories. They were taken to comfort stations. And even then, they had no choice. There was no such thing as no They would strip the family of everything and exile them from Korea. Where would they go? They have no belongings, no money, no resources.


Where do they go? The world is in a war. Nobody wants to take anybody. After the examination by the army medics, she tries to fight back, but they beat her. They essay her. There was blood everywhere because she was so young, she and a few other girls huddled together that night and thought, we can't live like this. Wouldn't it be better to not live? They tried to gather all the money that their parents had given them to buy one bottle of liquor, somehow smuggle it in, and they tried to self exit. One of them was left unconscious for days, but they ended up surviving. And they thought, if we survived, that is a sign that we need to live and we need to tell someone what happened to us. She says, every day they were essayed.


Sometimes from eight in the morning till 6:00 PM noon till 6:00 PM there would be a line of soldiers outside. She says, quote, if there was a delay in one of the essays, the guy next in line would start banging on the door. It was continuous. It happened so many times a day that I lost count by 5:00 PM I couldn't even get up. I could not walk properly. My entire lower body was in pain. At the end of the night, the medics would come and treat us where they felt we needed to be treated, and They would inject us with random shots. This was their lives for eight years. When she was finally reunited with her family, she said, how could I have told them about my experience? I mean Korea was in shambles after World War ii.


As a woman, I had things done to me that were unfathomable, so I couldn't say anything to anybody. They all thought I had worked at a factory. But eventually, because I didn't wanna get married, my mother wanted to find out, why don't you wanna get married? She pushed me to be honest with her and the survivor devastatingly states, I confess that given all the abuse done to my body, I had a rotten body. And. I didn't wanna screw up another man's life being a rotten body next to him. It should just be my problem alone. Eventually, her mother suffered a heart attack and passed away because there was nobody that she could tell either. I mean. You're talking about this is right after the war. I feel like we barely care about women's rights. Now, I mean, think about back then and right after a war when everybody's in shambles, there was nothing she could do.


Many of them have scars all over their bodies. One victim was beaten with a hot spatula on her chest. Many of them have severe damage and complications to their private areas. Feet that were permanently injured because they were constantly bound by tight ropes to be tied up so that they could not try to run one Japanese military document that exists states. Some Japanese soldiers actually referred to comfort stations, which is already such a crazy way to refer to the war crime buildings as comfort stations. But they referred to them as public toilets. Some of the girls taken were so young that they didn't even have their menstrual cycles. Yet. One girl taken from the East Timor area says, I was still a child and did not have my periods yet.


She was forced to be essayed by four to eight soldiers a night. And during the day, she was forced to build a road. So she was used for labor and for abuse. She gave birth to a baby girl at this station, but the military took the child away. She said she felt ashamed her entire life and is still waiting. An apology from the Japanese government, one Chinese survivor saw her parents get murdered in front of her. She was gang essayed right there by more than a dozen soldiers on the spot beside her parents' lifeless bodies. She was 16 years old. After that, she was dragged away to this comfort station to be essayed every single day. It is estimated that many of the victims were essayed 40 to 60 times per day.


One Filipino survivor states there was no rest. They essayed me every minute. Another survivor states I was in a different room every night. They fled us with a horse's whip. She said sometimes she would be essayed until she lost consciousness. She was 12. Another Filipino survivor states, we cried. We pleaded for compassion. Their bestial hearts only crave satisfaction. At the age of 14, I was poisoned. If I could prevent the sun from setting, I would have, because whenever night fell, They would start raping us. Everything is still so clear to me, ingrained in my brain, even if my body is now weak, another victim states, even with the passage of 75 years, the question of women in the war is not solved at all.


After all, the suffering that I have been through, I have to stand my ground until I get the justice that I deserve. Side note, Japan did acknowledge the atrocities in 1993, but it gets very complicated later on because South Korea and many other countries did not feel like their apology was adequate considering the gravity of the war crimes committed. But Japan condemned the request for more apologies. They're like, we apologize. What more do you want? You're also not a perfect person. There's a lot of what about is that they bring up like, what about what South Korea did to blah, blah, blah? And so and so Additionally, the two countries are already quite in contentious predicaments over territory, amongst other things.


But Japan states that they believe that the comfort woman issue was quote, finally and irreversibly settled. But South Korea believes that's already not good enough. And additionally, because it was settled does not mean anything. It does not erase what happened. South Korea refuses to stop acknowledging it and never wants it to be forgotten because you can ask for forgiveness. But that doesn't mean that South Korea has to accept your apology, especially if it doesn't feel sincere. Nor does it mean that they're gonna forget what happened, which has resulted in many statues to be installed all over the world, including in front of many Japanese consulates and embassies, which Osaka, the Japanese city and San Francisco in America are known as Sister Cities, which is largely ceremonial, but still Japan cut those ties as sister cities.


After a comfort woman statue was installed in San Francisco, they have a heavy Asian population. And Japan stated that the comfort woman monument destroyed the two sides relationship of trust. The statue depicts three young women from Korea, China, and the Philippines. The areas most affected standing in a circle and holding hands. The inscription reads on the side of the statue, the monument bears witness to the suffering of hundreds of thousands of women and girls euphemistically called comfort women who were sexually enslaved by the Japanese imperial armed forces in 13 Asian Pacific countries. From 1931 to 1945, a Japanese official wrote a 10 page letter stating that inscription quote, presents uncertain and one-sided claims as historical facts.


Wow. Side note, I do wanna mention from what I can see online, even in Japan, it appears to be a divisive topic. Many younger Japanese medicines have stated they didn't even know that the imperial army did this because it's been wiped from their textbooks. They don't teach this in school or they kind of make it seem like, yeah, women were tortured during war, but like all war, every country does it. You know? Of course it, it's just what happens. It's the nature of war. But many of them did not realize how bad it was. The older generations, they're pretty split. I would say most of the older generations think that it's bad and think that it should be resolved. But there are still other contentious arguments between certain countries that also need different types of handling.


But a big group of Japanese right wing politicians and their supporters believe that South Korea and the world needs to get over it. They deny Japan's role in it. And when that doesn't work, they just list all the things South Korea has done wrong. They also dispute what happened in China. Yeah, which we have a whole episode on. So I would say it's definitely a small group of Japanese medicines who know everything and still deny it. And then I would say like the younger people in Japan probably haven't even heard of it really. When survivor states, I wanna a formal apology, they should say what we did was completely wrong and we will correct our history textbooks and say to us, we sincerely apologize.


If they wrote that kind of formal apology, then we can forgive them. This is not about money. I mean, first of all, they're like 90 years old. This is not about money. They keep trying to make the issue go away. And we are the ones that are constantly fighting. So that doesn't happen. It's it's history. She says, because Japan's government keeps dragging it out, I have to keep talking about it over and over again. And each time I'm heartbroken beyond belief. This age in my nineties, I'm supposed to be in peace. This is a comment from a comfort woman. Yes. And she's in her nineties and she just wanted a formal apology and she didn't get one. And in 2019, she passed away. At 92 years old, one Chinese survivor states, the longer I live, the worse it gets.


And she is also in her eighties. Decades later, the survivors have still not received justice. But here is Ramsey, an American visiting South Korea. He's on a live stream. When he shows a picture on his phone, he says, that's my next target. Where can I find this one? The picture on his phone is of a comfort woman's statue. The statue shows a young girl in traditional handbook sitting on a chair because most of the victims were taken in their teenage years. The statue is very detailed. Even her bare feet, her heels are lifted. 'cause it's a symbol of unrest. You don't feel grounded, you don't feel settled. Your heels are raised.


It instills anxiety. Under her is a mosaic of an older woman, which represents comfort women now growing older and it's, it's shattered With, all this trauma, no way to cope, no way to find peace. There's a small bird on the girl's shoulder, which represents her fight for freedom, and next to her is an empty chair. It's supposed to represent the deceased victims, but it's also a place to invite viewers to sit and reflect and have a moment of silence for what has happened and how we can all be better people. And also to ponder, how do people have the strength to fight this long for so many decades? That's what the creator of the statue said. Her hands are clenched.


She said she works so hard on the little girl's face because she doesn't want to seem depressed, sad, or angry. She wants to look dignified and determined because this statue is gonna be staring right at the Japanese embassy in South Korea. Just to give you an idea of what this statue means to Koreans, during winter months, you'll commonly see people place scarfs around the little girl's neck and on super rainy seasons, usually people will place umbrellas over her. They'll place it over her shoulders so that she won't get wet. Well, one day, an American Live streamer Ramsey, decides to go live stream. The comfort woman statue.


One of them I mean there's many of them, but he decides to go livestream. One of them, he's already been kicked out of Japan, and he's come to Korea. He finds the comfort woman statue, and he states this on his livestream. So this indicates to us he knows exactly what this statue means. He says, Japan hates this thing. Japan hates this statue. And there was a whole, there was a lot of discourse. Anytime a statue pops up in front of a Japanese embassy, they'll pull the ambassadors from that location and there's a whole fight that happens. Sometimes they come back, there's protests, there's people guarding the statue to make sure it doesn't get pulled down. It's, it's a very big deal. Yeah. A lot of activists say it works in their favor because every time Japan makes such a big deal, it draws attention to the comfort women statues.


Right. The little minion Gino that he's with asks him, oh, tell them why. Tell him why. Like the story behind the statue is so he, he ha ha, so cute, so funny. Ramsey hands the camera to Gino so he can hold it in place for his live stream. He then sits down on the empty chair next to the little girl, and he says, I stand with the Korean people. I love Korea. And everything I did in Japan was for the Korean and Chinese people. Yeah, okay. But okay, then he proceeds to blow a kiss at the camera. Then he turns his cheek to the side and he kisses the little girl on the cheek, which really angers a lot of South Koreans.


And really everyone, because think about the symbolism of what this statue means. This is not the statue of a little girl who's just having a good time. It's just a cute little, he knows what this statue means. And to kiss her on the cheek, it gets worse because he's gonna go again. He sees that people have reacted to this. It starts getting a little bit of traction in South Korea. People are saying, how would he, why would he kiss her cheek? This is so disgusting. But they're not angry to the point of like, we gotta do something about it. It's just, this is really disrespectful. Do you think he meant it as disrespectful or it's just he's so dumb and so culturally insensitive because what he's saying is he stands for Korean people. And.


I. Guess maybe he's trying to say he stands for comfort woman. The whole thing is weird. People are confused about it, but he sees the reaction and he tells his stream. So I gotta plan for today. I'm gonna go to the Japanese embassy because I saw that the Koreans were getting mad about that comfort woman statue shit. And if I'm leaving soon, might as well might as well. I think the main comfort woman statue is in front of the Japanese embassy. So that's where we're going right now. And I'm gonna go into the embassy to see if they know who the fuck I am, and I'm gonna ask them if they're gonna let me come back to Japan. But I'm gonna go to the comfort woman statue first. He finally gets to the embassy. He shows the comfort woman statue, the same one. And this time he starts playing ETA by new jeans and starts twerking on the statue in front of the statue on her lap, as well as going around the back of the little girl to put her head in his shirt.


Then he looks straight into the camera while twerking, he licks his fingers and puts his hands under her skirt and repeats the motion of taking it in and out, which you know exactly what this sexual motion could be. He puts his hand into her skirt. Yeah. After licking his fingers. That is beyond This clip then goes viral, and he is still not done. Later he tries to go back to the statue. But by this point, Koreans have seen the videos. They're en rage. They have set up blockades so that he cannot get to this statue. He finds another one of a comfort woman standing up. That is the incident where he rubs baby oil all over himself whilst playing a Diddy song and dancing up on the statue.


This is where the hunt for Ramsey begins. Even before what happened with the comfort woman statues, Ramsey and Gino have been behaving as if there are no social norms in South Korea, no consequences. And even then, people were accommodating enough, very politely, civilly telling them they cannot do these things that they're doing. So for example, he goes onto a bus, live streams, loud music. He's playing loud music in public. He's live streaming. Gino is twerking on the public bus while Ramsey is slapping Gino's butt. This is very out of the norm in South Korea. You do not do this type of stuff. Honestly, I don't think you should do this type of stuff anywhere on public transit. You just don't do that. Yeah, they know.


They know it's gonna cause a reaction. Yeah. That's why they do it. So it's not that they didn't know. So South Koreans, And, I believe the same could be said for Japan. Even to speak on the phone. On public transit is considered very rude. Yeah. Or you have to keep the volume low, very low. Try not to disturb others. Yes. And the police stop the bus and tell 'em to stop. Cut it out. Cut it out. And they're very nice about it. To which Johnny says, I can't dance. You cannot dance. The police tell him you cannot dance. He responds. This is American culture. Which side note, he does say, this is black American culture, but like, you know it's not. And we know it's not. And we know what you're trying to do here. Every black medicine is just side eyeing him right now.


And on that point, many black medicines have voiced so much frustration because there's a lot of discourse of how difficult it already is to travel to very homogenous places like South Korea because of racism that does indeed exist. Johnny could potentially be making it even more difficult for other medicines who just genuinely wanna travel the world and enjoy other cultures. And might I add that he also makes a mockery of major issues in America. He's American. But on a subway train in South Korea, he screams because people are side eyeing him, and it seems like they're about to call the police. He gets very worried. He's like, oh, I think they're about to call the police. So he starts screaming, black Lives Matter. George Floyd, I can't breathe in this mocking tone.


Like just walking down the subway saying Black lives matter. George Floyd, I can't breathe. So truly nobody wants him. Japan doesn't want him. Korea doesn't want him. Americans don't want him. But he continues. I'm a dancer in America, American culture. And the police are like, we don't care. You're a dancer. We don't care. This is Korea. He says, this is a free concert. Get off. Get off the bus. And they escort him off the bus. Other instances include as no shock to any of us that these are the types of guys that get upset when girls don't find them attractive, which naturally makes them hate every woman alive. Because I personally can't fathom how anyone could find them more than a clump of cells in flesh that take up space.


There is no brain operating there. The elevator does not go all the way up. Lights are on, but nobody's home. They proceed to just harass women on the streets, live streaming it. At one point they run into foreigners also visiting and living in Korea, their regular foreigners who are abiding by cultural norms. And out of nowhere, Gino Dominion starts just calling one of the girls just standing there minding her own business. Move along. Dirty bitch. Dirty emo bitch. Get the fuck out of here with your stink ass pussy. Your pussy looks like roast beef. Stink ass sashimi pussy bitch. Get the fuck out of here. Suck my dick. You better move along. Bitch. I bet your pussy smells like fish. It stinks. Oh, I'm so sick of bitches. It's always the foreign, nasty white bitches. Oh, I hate him.


I can't stand him. I can't stand these bitches. What if he does that in America on the Street? Oh, if he would, he would get wrecked. Yeah. It doesn't, I don't care what city. You go into America, you're gonna get wrecked. You could be in a rural area, you're gonna get wrecked. You could be in New York City, you're gonna get wrecked. You could be anywhere. You're gonna get wrecked. So they are ballsy in South Korea because everyone's more reserved. Nobody's used to these type of behavior. Yes, And. I do think that certain cultures everybody has. And it could be for bad reasons too.


South Korea, definitely it has its ups and downs, but it's a bit of a mind, own business type of culture. So if someone's saying, or like screaming racial slurs in South Korea, a lot of times people will try to mind their own business versus in America, people would be like, that's not okay. Why would you say that? That's unacceptable. So he also thinks that a lot of East Asians are docile, submissive, polite, weak, meek, scared. So that's why he, he's doing this. Yes. But he wouldn't dare to do 1% of that in America. No. 'cause he's, the moment that someone step up, he instantly go back. And they know because they tried it in Thailand and it didn't work. Mm. So they stopped.


Right. And it's not like, because a lot of Zens are saying, why don't you try this in Brazil? Why don't you come to Mexico? We want you. So a lot of zens from those countries are actually asking Ramsey and Gino to come to their country. Mm. Just to see what happens. But he's specifically targets countries for that reason. In another instance, he walks up to a Korean woman minding her own business. This is Gino Dominion, and asks if he can eat her private part. She does not understand what he's saying because, sorry, this is Korean. Speak Korean. Okay. That was rude. But you get what I'm saying. But then he proceeds to stick his tongue out and try to crudely show how he would do it, which is just straight up sexually harassing woman on the street.


They also seemingly stalk minors around. Stalk could be subjective here. But Ramsey follows a girl who appears to be a minor into a store, asking her why she's scared of him. 'cause she avoids him by going into a store. And he's like, why are you scared? Why are you scared of me? Why are you scared? Which you're chasing her into a store, shoving a camera in her face. I would say that would induce some level of fear. The employee tries to help the girl. And Ramsey starts screaming, don't touch me. Don't touch me. He laughs Maniacally before going out onto the street and running up to a group of older ladies, like I would say, they're my mom's age, screaming, ah, into the camera and just pointing the camera at their faces, like blocking their way of traffic on the street and scream, ah, maniacally into his camera.


The lady stares at him for a minute, then stares at the screen. Listen, if this were my mother, bless her heart, she would've cried all the way home. But this woman just screams, ah, right back and gives him the side eye to the point where he just tells her, AMA, relax, ama, relax. What do you mean Edma? Relax. Johnny also walks around asking girls if they wanna be on his stream. And one group of foreigners informs him, no thank you. But also, could you delete the video since like you caught me on your video when you were asking. And at this point, he shoves the camera preemptively into their face. So then Ramsey continues recording them asking, and if I don't, what are you gonna do about it? Hoe. Exactly. So shut the fuck up. In another clip, he spots a cute little band performing outside on stage, which by the way, this whole perfu performance is cute because it's small and it's intimate in real life, but it's being televised on national television.


He proceeds to jump onto the stage, disrupts the entire show. He thinks it's hilarious. Basically saying, look at me, jumping up on here. They're not even doing nothing about it. What do you want them to do about it? Tackle you to the ground and beat you up. One of the more viral and annoying things that Ramsey does in Korea, aside from obviously everything else is there's a clip of him at seven 11 in, in Korea, you can eat at the seven 11. There's booths and tables there. There are microwaves to heat up cup noodles. Everything is self-serve though. And even the trash is very well organized into recyclables, food waste, regular waste. I've never walked into a seven 11 and felt like someone left a mess behind. Everybody is very respectful. It's the cultural norm.


Except here is Johnny sitting there with his big speaker next to him so that anyone that donates can say whatever dumb middle school run of the mill, sexist, misogynistic remarks out loud. And it'll play those really loudly. He also uses a speaker to play kung them style. He's obnoxiously dancing inside of a business, disturbing the customers, mentally disturbing them, disturbing their peace. He also tries to dance with a male customer who clearly does not wanna be anywhere near this guy. He purchases a few ramen and a soju with one of those empty ice cups. He's on camera sitting there pouring soju into the ice cup. You are not allowed to drink the soju inside the seven 11. You can purchase alcohol inside the seven 11.


You cannot drink it inside because then soju is like Korean liquor. Yes. Like you can, the ice cups are meant for coffee, teas, other beverages. The older lady that works there walks over and tells him very nicely that he can't drink the alcohol here in the store. To which he aggressively tells her, I'm black, I'm not gonna do nothing. And again, you know my Yes. And she basically tells him to also sh, because he's playing like loud noises. Also, his followers love playing monkey noises, which also feels very racist. Like everything feels so racist to everybody. And he's like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll shut up. I'll eat the ramen. I'll, I'll shut up. I'll eat the ramen. But as she's walking away, he starts lunging after her, like he's to punch her or like pull her hair or something.


He has a cup ramen in front of him, and later he just starts pouring out the broth of the cup. Ramen onto the table. He's spilling the broth On purpose, pouring it out Onto a table. Onto a table. So it's like all wet running down. Oh yeah. Then he grabs handfuls of noodles and starts throwing it all over the convenience store, throwing it at the entry door where people are walking in, just throwing it at the windows everywhere. Another woman, a customer walks in, spots the soju that he's presumably drinking. He did not drink it, but I mean it's sitting right there. He's a foreigner. He's acting drunk. He's behaving drunk, throwing a tantrum. So she tells him, you can't drink in the store.


You can't drink in the store. To which he responds, shut up, bitch. She threatens to call the police on him, to which he responds, call the police. Stupid ass bitch. Stupid. I didn't even drink. Here. Are you dumb? You stupid ass bald ass bitch. And she's on the way out. He screams at her. I did not drink it. You stupid bitch. Fuck you. Fuck you Chinese ass bitch. Which if you know Korean culture, there is a strong respect for elders. Like you just not, you just don't do that on a human level. But this is extra hard to watch 'cause of cultural norms there. Another notable incident includes when he asks a Korean elderly man who this elderly man clearly is without a home, and he is asking for some spare change for food, and he's motioning like food.


Ramsey says, gimme a little dance first. Gimme a little dancey dance first. And he goes, you very hungry. Gimme a little dance like this. Come on dance. He went around the city with a bag of fish that he bought outta the market, just letting it rot in the heat, letting the bag rip open and leak onto the bus. Just waving it around in front of people's faces. He goes to university campuses to show college students the rising sun flag. Oh. Which is the flag that Japan occupied Korea under. To give you an idea, that would be And. I'm not saying this is equivalent, but just to give you some context. 'cause I know Asian history can feel very foreign. It's like going around showing confederate flags. Like historically speaking, what Japan did to Korea in the past is a very tough subject.


Like so many people died. There was a suppression of Korean culture. It was like a complete cutoff of culture and identity. Koreans were not allowed to be Korean. They were not even second class citizens during that time where their country was occupied. Korean language and history was banned in an attempt to erase Korean cultural heritage. Korean farmers were forced off their lands. They were forced to work in mines factories for the Japanese military. It was, it was horrendous. He would go through the subways with the sound in Korean. Korea belongs to Japan. You are all comfort woman playing on his phone. It It is crazy that he's walking free. Yes. Doing all of these things for so long.


Yeah. So like just replacing even Just one one of those actions. Yeah. Is beyond like, and he's doing this constantly. Yeah. Just again, replace it with American history. Just think about how that would play out and what kind of disrespect that is another one playing the words. I hate Korean people. I wish Koreans would get a nuclear weapon from Kim jong-un, which I mean Korean people. That doesn't even make sense. But he would continue playing speeches from the North Korean dictator, which when people tell him to stop, he will call them racist. And if that doesn't work, he will say, I have autism. I have autism. And then walk away. He also threatened to slap a BTS member.


What do you mean? He was just like, I'm gonna slap a BTS member. That's his quote. Yeah. Something along those lines. That's a paraphrase. He didn't name who. No, he's like just a BTS member. Yeah. Even when he is doing all of this, probably every Korean person wants to slap him, but they show great restraint. But I believe there are some lines that you just do not cross. Side note, he does have another sidekick in Korea, a guy named Hank Yu. Honestly, I don't know this man. I just know that in the depths of Twitter, there's a video of him saying that he only essays men. He also calls himself the Texas Asian Nazi. There's pictures of him that he took dressed up next to anti-Semitic signage and holding rifles.


He was sentenced to a few years in prison in the US for firearm related charges. I believe he was deported after his sentence back to Korea, which we know not much about this guy, but we know so much based off of that alone. That's crazy that they found each other. Yes. I mean they must be lurking in the same weird forums. Probably one of the more heinous things he does in Korea, if you can believe it, it gets worse. Aside from everything is Ramsey somehow. This also never gets talked about, at least not in depth. But Ramsey goes to Luta world, which is the Disney world of South Korea filled primarily with children. He is this stupid speaker on him. So again, if anyone donates, they can have whatever play. And the speaker would play things like in Korean.


The translation being Ramsey ish meal is the most popular outskirt streamer in Korea. Ladies, be careful. There are children around, and the words that are being used in Korean children are understanding all of it on repeat or sounds of people screaming in pain. It sounds like war torture sounds or I would like to have with children in Korea. Oh, is he not kicked out immediately? He eventually gets kicked out. Yeah, But the damage is done. He was like doing this for a while. Yeah. And like you can see on the livestream, there's children around him. The automated voice would play it loudly in Korean or My name is Ramsey Ishmael Khalid, which side note it uses Johnny Somali salami, whatever. But I'm changing it to his real name.


My name is Ramsey Ishmael Khalid. My name is Ramsey Ishmael. Khalid And. I'm here to impregnate a cute little Korean girl. Again, there's children everywhere. To which if people look at him, he just screams. Autism, autism, autism. I have autism. And when someone calls him out on his bullshit further, he points at them and accuses them of being racist, screaming, fucking racism. This is fucking racism. Black lives matter. George Floyd, I'm scared for my life again, making a mockery to another security guard. He says, you can't see my phone. You can't see nothing. You're racist. You can't talk to me. You're racist. I don't talk to racist. Again, mocking very real issues in the world as one that is in common points out though, making an ass out of yourself in a country where all adult men are required to serve in the military.


Not a smart move. Ramsey. Not a smart move, but Ramsey either doesn't know or knows and doesn't care, but he says, in a live stream, people come up to me. Why are you being racist to people in other countries for money, for clout? I said it many times. I don't give a fuck. Put this in your next YouTube documentary. 'cause people are making YouTube videos about him. I don't give a fuck. We're here tonight and we're not scared. His friend Gino starts jumping in. I was waiting, bro. I was waiting for that guy to swing on you. I swear. Swing on it. I swear. Swing on us. Basically saying swing or shut up. I think he verbatim says that at one point Ramsey is like swing or walk away in a separate live stream.


He keeps taunting the public. He says that he has a video, a message for the Korean public to the Korean people after what he did to the comfort woman statues. He says, I love Korea and try to find me. I dare you. You never will. So good fucking luck. That's all I wanna say to you guys. And. I need to address the Korean media. I wanna address JTBC news for defamation against me today. JTBC News said that I was guilty of two different assault cases. This is not true. He keeps putting up like hand heart symbols. I love the Korean police. I respect the Korean police. They all have always treated me greatly. I am compliant. We are working with the Korean police with whatever investigations they have. I'm not guilty of assault. He then proceeds to pull up a picture of South Korean President, president Yun, which I mean.


I personally don't know many Koreans who are fond of him, but go off, I guess he continues. President Yon, I love you. I love, love you. He kisses the picture of President Yon on his phone. I love you. You guys only saw me dancing with this statue. And honestly, if I could take it back, I won't. How about that? I'm not sorry. If you want me to apologize and bow down on my knees and apologize, I refuse. I won't. So whatcha are gonna do about it? You're gonna kill me. You're gonna kill me for dancing with a metal fucking bronze statue. Get fucking over it. That's what I need to fucking say. You think I'm gonna sit here and fucking make a fake apology? You think I'm gonna sit here and like cry about it? I'm not sorry. I'm not. I'm not.


He goes on to say, don't let the media fool you. This is the real comfort woman. He pulls up a picture of a woman leaning up against a car, a clear stereotype of a sex worker. Someone who yeah, consents. And he says, this is what the real Korean comfort women were. Korean comfort women were prostitutes. Sorry, I debated there if I wanted to say that word. I don't use that word, but just to give you the gravity of what he's saying. He continues. They were used by the American soldiers. They were used by I mean. They were illegally paid. I think the Japanese soldiers were paid seven yen a month, and the Korean comfort women were paid 300, 400 yen a month.


If we go back in time, that's enough to buy a fucking house. So these bitches were rich. These were some of the richest bitches in Korea. If we be honest, this is entirely false. But he's trying to insinuate that the women that were taken tortured and essayed repeatedly, as well as beaten on a daily basis and then ultimately killed, were exploiting the military men to make a profit. He then welcomes people to come hunt for him. He says, I'm out for Halloween. Come catch me. I'm outside. Many medicines have stated he asked and he found out.


Updating your fall. Look. Give your smile a glow up at 10 Dental this season. Now's the time to use your insurance benefits before they expire. Tend offers easy online booking and soothing. Relaxing studios designed to put you first. A free cleaning covered by insurance. That's something to smile about. Go to Hello tend.com/dc podcast. That's hello tnd.com/dc podcast to book your appointment.


Do you know the number one thing that surprises engaged couples? Take a guess. The sheer amount of decisions they have to make while planning a wedding, indoors or outdoors. How many guests are kids invited? Controversial, which cake flavor? Seriously? How do you even begin to figure out what's right for you? That's where Zola comes in. Zola has everything you need to make every wedding decision a piece of cake from choosing your dream wedding venue and vendors to deciding how to best spend your budget with tons of customizable wedding websites. Save the dates and invites. Every detail will feel like you. Zola will even help you choose the gifts, experiences, and cash funds you really want. The next thing you know, you've planned your whole wedding all in one place. From getting engaged to getting married. Zola has everything you need to plan your wedding in one place. Start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com.


This lands him getting punched in the face by Captain Korea in the middle of the street that we were talking about earlier, that both Ramsey and Gino, IRL, are outside at night on the street. When a man walks up to Ramsey and just decks him in the face, Gino catches the bulk of it on his live stream. The Korean man promptly walks off like nothing happened. Hands in his pockets. This is the first assault. He's not running away. The Korean man is not running away. He's just steadily walking away. It feels like an action movie. Honestly. Gino, the minion starts screaming after the Korean Man, what the fuck is your problem? What the fuck is your problem? The man who just punched Ramsey calmly turns around and says, fuck you guys.


Gino. The minion starts following him. Interestingly, at a laughingly slow speed. He's not even trying to catch up with the Korean man. The Korean man is not even, is not even fast walking outta there. He's not even pacing outta there. It's almost like he's timing the steps as the Korean man takes one step. He takes one step. The Korean man takes one step. He takes one step. His actions, his speed, very incongruent with his words. He's screaming, oh hell no. Why are you walking away? Side note, even the Korean news have played the clip in which the broadcaster states, they continue to follow. The man who is now walking away asking him why he is walking away while maintaining a safe distance. He keeps screaming at him. Bring your bitch ass back here. The man indeed does do that.


He comes back snatches, Gino's phone one of them straight from his hand, and then proceeds to just calmly walk away quite slowly. Might I add He's holding Gino's Phone. He snatches Gino's phone. So now we're getting it from Ramsey's live stream. 'cause he's back up and live streaming. After the punch, he takes Gino's phone and he is just proceeds to calmly walk away. They continue to follow him, all walking, not even at a brisk walk, but a slow walk bitch ass. Gimme my phone back. To which the Korean man then turns around and throws the phone onto the ground, leaving Gino to go run after it. I mean the whole thing is quite goofy. But Ramsey keeps following the Korean man screaming. Why are you walking away?


Why are you walking away? Why are you walking away? Which the lesson here being, be very careful what you wish for because he stops walking away. He turns around faces Ramsey. Ramsey instantly flinches and changes his tune. I swear to God, man. Try it. Yeah, you better walk away. You better walk away. Walk away. I swear to God. Go, then what's up? Pussy ass walking away. Why are you walking away? And then goes, go walk away. Walk away. Yeah. 'cause he turns back around and he almost is like a little punching. Yeah. Movement. And Ramsey flinches. And now he's like, walk away, huh? What's up pussy ass? Walking away. What's up? What's up? Come back. What's up? Come back. You tried. You tried and what's up, bitch?


I do not think that the man is scared of him, which is why he stops punching him. I think that one punch is okay. Perhaps some people could see it as justified considering what Ramsey did. But seeing Ramsey flinch like that and appear scared, it would just be straight up bullying. If he were to swing again and again, it wouldn't even be a fair fight. Even though it's two to one later, Ramsey goes onto rant, hitting and running away. What a bitch. Which Ramsey? Come on now. Let's be real. He did not run away, but he continues since when is hitting and running gangster roll up and square up. Where you at, bro? Come on bro. That's not gangster. To which I honestly thought there might've been mixed comments because ultimately violence is never justified.


But the comments read. It was not enough. Two V one, and they didn't dare do shit. These little bitches, motherfucker kept provoking him. But when the guy turned around, he starts ducking back like a little bitch. LMAO. Just fucking take the fucking L bro. Ramsey ends up with a bandage on his right eyebrow. After this altercation, the next hunt finds a handful of Korean live streamers finding Ramsey at night in a relatively empty alleyway. They're screaming at him. And one Korean man in particular screaming, you touch my girlfriend. So they're all getting into a fight. It's a whole mess. There are multiple clips with multiple angles of a fight going viral and Oliver X showing Ramsey Gino and their Korean friend Hank U, getting beaten up by one Korean man.


The Korean man starts with Ramsey first, runs after him, tackles into the ground shoulder, flips him onto the cold pavement, and then kicks him in the chest. He's quiet now. Ramsey is not talking back. Ramsey has zipped it up. He's quiet. The other Korean live streamers are calling the Korean guy. A legend. A legend. Now, one thing to note is that Koreans are very into one v one fights. Ramsey is on the ground vulnerable. They do not all come in and attack him and jump him. In fact, the Korean man's girlfriend steps in and pulls him off of Ramsey. Then the Korean man goes for Gino. The friend slams him onto the ground. But it appears while he's going after Gino, hank you the disgrace. Korean is trying to grab at him.


So now it's Gino and Hank versus the Korean man, to which the rest of the Korean live streamers break it up. And they're screaming, fucking do one-on-one. You stupid asshole. 'cause they're saying like, Yeah, because they have so many people, they could have jumped the three of 'em. Oh, so they're still being civil. Civil, Yeah. Yes, there's, it's not about jumping someone, it's about karma is what I think they think. It's not what I'm condoning. You know, it's assault. It's a fight. But I guess they want a fair fight, a fair assault. That's what medicines are indicating. South Korean Netan comments translates to read. The person who kicked that guy should be awarded a good citizen award. Another reads, who cares what the police do?


Citizens are punishing. Well, don't even get the police involved. Another South Korean citizen comments ban them from leaving the country and just release them on the road. God takes care of it. Another comment, ominously reads, it's going to get worse. They need to deport him to save his life. Ramsey Khalid Ishmael could have been a very smart guy before he becomes one of the most hated people in East Asia. And, I wanna say Asia, and perhaps America everywhere. He's just a 23-year-old guy from what I can tell. There's very sparse information online, but he's a very normal guy from Scottsdale, Arizona, allegedly. He graduates from Arizona State University with a finance degree. Side note, there's a whole video of him talking about school, and he says before his career online, he was just a bot.


And he calls all the students bots. Someone who is stuck in a hamster wheel of life, which is so dumb. We are all hamsters stuck in the wheel of life. You are just a racist hamster that's still stuck in the wheel of life, but you're also getting punched in the face every now and then. Back to his monologue. He states, when I went to school those first four years, I did really well in finance, but I was depressed. I did not like where my life was going. Like where does that leave you? You go to school for four years, you go to work for four years, you end up in a cubicle with a suit on and a tie. Where's the mobility in life? I'd rather take a risk, you know, and live a different life. You know what I mean? Live in a different country, meet different people, which he's meeting people out, right? Even with his right eyebrow busted, he is live streaming, saying things like, if you wanna run up, run up.


I don't care. Come get me. I'm not scared and run up. They do indeed. There is a YouTuber in South Korea that is also a former UDT member. The UDT in South Korea is the equivalent of a Navy seal in America. He has joined the hunt for Ramsey. He finds him. Ramsey's eyebrow is already busted. He's walking out of a building and the UDT man is waiting outside for him, taunting him. Alga Ramsey. Adiga. Adiga means Where you going? Where you going? And he's like, where you going? And of course, Ramsey doesn't know what to say. He's alone. His little minions aren't with him. He's alone. He's afraid. So he just tries to act like he's big, bad in tough. Oga, oga, oga. What the fuck is oga? And all of a sudden the UDT man just shoves him onto the ground.


It's a light shove, but he goes fucking flying, huh? Yeah. Okay. And then there's like a few little kicks that happen and the police eventually get called And. I will say the police are very quick to separate the two of them, but Ramsey does seem very shaken up, disoriented when he gets back up and it's clear to see that he got off. Very lucky with this interaction. When the former UDT specialist, he's being held back by cops, the way he is eyeing Ramsey up and down. It's like he's ready for another round. He's taunting him. Goodnight Somali. Goodnight. Goodnight salami. Goodnight. Goodnight. He's saying that in English. Yeah. The UDT man is ultimately arrested before he gets arrested.


He's arrested, yes, but he gets released. Okay. Pretty quickly before he gets arrested though, which this part feels like a sitcom. He's halfway into the back of a cop car. The police are standing right next to him, but they're letting him speak to another guy who's live streaming, and he's telling the live stream. He tells the live stream a very important message in South Korea. We handle kids like Ramsey. So don't come to Korea and fuck around to which Zens were enraged at him being detained though it was only for a moment really. They comment, let him free. He did nothing wrong. There was brief outrage in South Korea over the incident. Well, for two things, for one in Japan, Ramsey apologized multiple times. Once he even got down on his knees.


Was he actually, sorry. No, because the minute he gets deported and leaves Japan, he's already talking badly about Japan. But some South Koreans felt offended by the fact that he does far worse in South Korea and does not even offer up a fake apology. Mm. It feels extra disrespectful. For example, it would be like the equivalent of making nine 11 jokes in the New York City train loudly, aggressively, nonstop. Then getting on your knees to fake apologize versus rubbing baby oil and completely, completely disrespecting the nine 11 memorial in New York City and going, I don't give a fuck. Come find me. Mm. Does that make sense? It just feels Yes, both are bad. Yeah. He's ramping up. He's getting worse. Yes. More and more aggressive. Yeah. Yes.


Okay. The comparison alone is pretty insane, but I'm just trying to give you context of what it would be like in Yes. Okay. It helps. Yeah. Yes. So the South Koreans are very upset. I see some Americans commenting things like, why do you even want an apology? Even if he gives one, he doesn't mean it. It almost feels though it like he cares more or is scared more the Japanese government and does far worse and gets away with it in South Korea. So a lot of Koreans are like, we just want the same Elise, give us a fake apology and we'll see what we do with it. We're gonna get into it. He does give a fake apology later. But there, this was one big point of contention. The second being the cops kept showing up in every altercation and almost shielding Ramsey from the Korean citizens. Which side note, I can see why the police have to do that per se.


I get it, but it's honestly infuriating for Koreans to see. Yeah. I get the Korean medicine perspective and Ramsey keeps taunting Korea with it. There's a clip of him saying that he's a VIP in South Korea. That's why the police protect him. He's like a fucking VIP. He also says America made South Korea. He's American, so he owns this place, which is not how it works. Yeah. I just don't understand how he can get away with this. Yeah. And he said that the cops told him he's a VIP, which I think is highly doubtful, and if they did, they probably meant violet idiot particle that happens to have limbs. But Ramsey taunts Koreans, and there's a clip of him saying in the back of a cop car, Americans have way more freedom here protecting us.


We in the back of a police car, come and get us. Come and get us. The Ud T man was released after being detained. It is stated that he was set up with a five star hotel afterwards, and he donated a thousand dollars to the pizza place that led him to discovering Ramsey's location and treated everybody to pizza. He also read out a public statement, a public apology for his act of violence in it. He states quote, without me even realizing my fist just left, basically say without, okay, I'm not laughing 'cause violence is not laughable. But he's like, I'm sorry that my hand just did something bad. Yes. Okay. And many Korean medicines received it as a very admirable apology.


They have accepted his apology as sincere and genuine other medicines. Point to how at one point a group of Korean men surrounded Ramsey and his minion Gino, and keeps yelling at them. He Gino the minion keeps yelling at them, I will sue the fuck out of you. I'll sue the fuck out of you. Which feels I mean. Sure, okay. But Zens point out, it's not what someone big, bad, and tough like Gino should be saying in that moment. Isn't this the same guy that will gut your ass out alive that's doing all these things and he's now just saying, my daddy's gonna call a lawyer. It's just people point out the weird, weird juxtaposition in regards to those finding and beating Ramsey. One that is in comments, where can I donate to this great cause?


Vigilante justice is the future. The world needs Batman. Others find it hilarious. Some have commented, bro became the ultimate Asian Pokemon bro's. Not living long doing crap like that, or many again, point out the interesting aspect of Korean culture that people forget about, which is Ramsey doesn't understand the uniqueness of South Korea amongst other Asian countries. Almost all adult Korean men from college students to the elderly are military veterans. They also point out the fact that he believes that East Asians are docile, submissive creatures. And yet, here's a picture of him on day five of his South Korea trip looking like very normal. Here's a picture of him. Day 35 of his South Korea trip. He's got a busted eyebrow.


He's bleeding from the lip, a busted lip. He looks like he's went through it. Another comment reads, just ban him from leaving the country and pretend not to notice every time he gets beaten. The strangest part in all of this is he's not even really making money. I mean I'm sure he's making some money, but he is not making much to ruin his life over. He's getting banned from countries. He's facing potential legal and criminal trouble. His entire reputation as both his online persona of Johnny Salami, but also as Ramsey Khalid Ishmael of Arizona is completely tarnished. Sure. He may or may not have a finance degree, but who would even hire him now, he's not even really controversial. Controversial would imply that he has some sort of fan base that supports him and is willing to fight for him.


He's just generally a hated person. Nobody likes him. He doesn't even have a strong fan base. The only reason that people are donating is in my belief, they're just donating because they get to see real life reactions and consequences on Ramsey in real time. You pay a few dollars and watch someone get beat up in real time. It's like a game. If anything, his fans are excited at him getting punched, which would mean that they're not really his fans. Can you really call them supporters at this point? He also has a few streamer friends whom, again, just wanna associate with him because he's getting some attention right now. But I highly doubt they will still be around later when it dies down. One tries to defend Ramsey stating, Koreans wanna assault Ramsey because he dared to twerk on a World War II prostitute statue.


The same streamer also posts Korean thugs, chimping out and attacking Johnny because they have zero emotional regulation. Who cares that he twerked on a statue? That's not an excuse to lose control of your anger and kick someone in the head. Yeah. Wow. These, okay. Ramsey has been banned from Twitch, suspended from YouTube, to which he says, I'm appealing the suspension from my channel, which I believe was a mistake. Yeah. He has since taken to Twitter to ask people to send him crypto stating, I created these today. If you wanna support free speech, this is the best way to support me continuing the fight. It does not appear that he's making much money off of all of this, but Koreans are, yeah.


Ramsey has been nicknamed the Golden Goblin. It's a game reference. A golden goblin is a game character that if you find and kill them, their pockets explode. And you get all the loot. Meaning if you find him, you stream yourself screaming, yelling, degrading him, and perhaps punching him. Your viewership, fan base, donations, everything skyrockets. You make a shit ton of money. That's crazy. Yeah. So many news networks have even stated, perhaps everyone is making money off of Ramsey. But Ramsey, when news network states, quote, he came to Korea for clickbait, but he gets turned into clickbait. Yeah. Some medicines have stated that crime goes unpunished every single day. There's violence that does indeed go without consequences. People get away with crimes all the time.


If this is one of those times where he gets punched in the face and justice is not served, we're not gonna be crying about it in our rooms. Ramsey has said, I think I was just born to be evil. I don't know. I don't like being good if I make content. I like to make content that makes people violent. Someone in the chat says with him, I would rather self exit bro than let an Asian kill me. Yeah. 'cause I guess we're just so below them that one person, I mean to which Johnny responds, bro, I hate Asians. Honestly, I think all Asians need to be exterminated. The only Asians I respect are the Chinese and the thing is Korean and words. It's our Chinese.


Japanese are Chinese. That's why I only respect China. They're all Chinese, but with different writing scripts to which someone asks him, what's your favorite neighborhood in Seoul? Which like, what are you doing? He responds, shut your chin ass up. You fucking dirty Asian slur. I wanna start a race war with every country I go and radicalize. I'm gonna start a race war. I'm tired of Asians. You are not starting a race war. Like people just don't like you. You're not starting anything. Speaking of Johnny has since apologized, he was confronted by a group of Korean live streamers, including the UDT guy who punched him the third time of his assault. He apologized in front of a comfort woman statue.


He states that as an American, he didn't even know what the statue really meant, which is a boldface lie. He knew exactly what that meant. I think that he had a better understanding of comfort woman and the history of it versus any other American that I could find on the street. He knew exactly the first day he saw that statue to kiss her cheek. He said, Japanese hate this shit. Like they hate this statue. So he even know the ongoing Political Yeah. Yes. Contentions between the two countries. Yeah. So like you know more than you know, you know exactly what you're doing. No. Yeah. Everything he said is very, very, it's so bad to the point that it's so on the head of the issue. Like he's so aware of the issue.


That's why, why everything is so triggering. Yes. So then he goes back twice and does it again. He also says he's glad that this issue brought awareness to comfort women, which, oh my gosh. Korean medicines have been very upset about those Korean live streamers that made him apologize, accepted his apology. But I will say Korean medicines are very upset by this. Most of Korea is upset by this. They're actually very upset with those Korean live streamers saying, who are you to accept the apology? Oh, they're upset that the Korean streamer accepted his apology And they all like took pictures, smiling with each other. And it's one thing to accept the apology of like, Hey, I'm sorry for things I've said about you.


I'm sorry for that altercation that we personally had. Yeah. But they cannot accept the apology for what he did to the comfort women statues. And also, you know, a good chunk of the live streamers were men. Yeah. So a lot of people are like also, what is the irony in that? Yeah. Yeah. He did apologize. I don't think he's, sorry. I mean, just listen to him. Talk about Asians. He wants them all exterminated. Whether that's just for rage bait or not. I think he's just saying that so that he can walk around and try to make money without getting his face beat up every two seconds. Now, there are speculations that if he is able to leave South Korea, he is either headed for China or India next, which I think both would be very fascinating to see him in.


I think both would be very interesting. He says about China, you will see me in Beijing in Shenzhen and a Chinese mega city. Chong Ching, Japan will pay for what they've done to you China for what they've done to the greatest country on earth. The communist people Republic of China, which I don't think he's gonna be allowed into China. I do know that there are certain areas that have now a visa free, like 144 hours in certain cities in China for American citizens. But just based off of American passport laws going into Japan and Korea are relatively easy, if not usually a guarantee getting into China. There is a harder visa process even just for visitors. And if they see that he's banned from Japan, I just don't see how he's gonna get in.


He's also talked about how he wants to go to India, which is easier to get a tourist visa as a US national. He has his reservations though. He says, I'm not gonna lie, I wanna go to India and crash on those for content. But they're gonna do like a fucking, if you thought, if you thought Korea was bad, wait till like a mob of Indians comes after me. That shit is gonna be bad. Maybe it's the next journey guys, which is already so bizarrely offensive, but he goes on to stay because people look at Asians as like meek and like an easy target. So if I started attacking countries and races that people don't like already, Oh, he's saying that people Don't like Indians. Whoa. Yeah. And he says, maybe I can win some of the haters back over, which again indicates he believes people don't like Indians, but also is not a race.


Also Indians are Asians. Okay. To which his co-host on the group chat says, Asians are seen as this kind of like passive, robotic people. Like they have this weird people like them. For some reason he goes on to state that if you can get India to hate you, everyone else in the world will love you because they don't like India. Which is such an unhinged take I've never seen before. And so stupidly mistaken. And also, no, you would just have more people hating you and giving them more of a reason to deck you in the face. I'm so confused by this logic. Honestly. I would like to see him go to North Korea and try this. That's what people are saying. Yeah. Right. Deport him to North Korea. Try this.


See dance on one of their statues. See what happens. Just Dance. Dance. Like remove one of the paintings. Yeah. To see what happens. Yeah. Play a Diddy song. Yeah. Do it. To which I thought there might be more meaningful insight in the comment section, but alas zens will be zens and all the comments are like, don't go to India, Ramsey come to our country and they keep blist out their countries, including violent videos and gifs of crimes that were committed in each country that they list out. But those people will have to wait. I don't know for how long though, because he's currently being investigated for the convenience store incident, the seven 11 incident of disturbing the business as well as for potential drug use.


And though not confirmed, he could potentially be investigated for creating sexually explicit deep fakes. He had this thing where he tried to reason that he only came to Korea because he has a Korean girlfriend who told him to come, which is side note. She's another Korean IRL streamer. He knows that every Korean hates him. And for him to lie and say that he is dating this Korean IRL streamer and she invited him to Korea to do these things is heinous. That puts a huge target on her back. But then he goes on to state that he's getting great private parts from her. It's weird. He shows a video of them kissing at a park and in a car. While it is true that he and the Korean streamer have hung out in the past, they are not dating and the videos of them kissing are not real.


So creating and or spreading explicit defects in Korea is quite a sensitive topic, I'm sure anywhere. But with the new interim case especially, it's a very touchy subject which people believe he could be investigated for. The other streamer in question is currently suing Ramsey for defamation in retaliation. It's alleged that Ramsey docks her information to try and get her to stop. If he is found guilty of creating and spreading sexually explicit deep fake videos, he could be imprisoned up to seven years in prison. I think honestly, he should be more careful about the drug charges. You would do whatever you want in certain countries, but like drug is also line that you don't cross. In Korea, drugs are a line you just don't cross. I believe four Korean YouTubers are filing charges against him, alleging assault.


It's alleged that the Korean authorities have confiscated his passport, but Ramsey is either putting up a fake brave front or he just doesn't know how serious it is. I don't know. I imagine worst case scenario, he'll be deported with a reentry ban for a few years similar to Japan. Best case scenario, perhaps he can see what Korean inmates think about comfort women's statues and his dancing on them under article two of the Korean Criminal Act. Foreigners who commit crimes in Korea are subject to local laws. So we will just have to wait and see what happens to Ramsey. What are your thoughts on this case? I originally thought that we were gonna talk about this topic in ah mots episode because when I was coming across it, everybody was talking about it in like a very lighthearted manner of this guy is just a nation's punching bag.


He's so racist, he's so bad. But it's more shocking to the point that it's so unserious because he's so unhinged. But when you actually look into what he does, yeah. And the things he said and the act of what he did, and a lot of times many of the American streamers and the YouTubers, And, I, don't blame them 'cause it's part of Korean history. I'm sure they don't wanna get it wrong and they don't wanna step on anyone's toes. But also the topic of comfort women, it's like, oh, these are statues symbolizing people who were victimized in war, who were tortured in war, women who were tortured. But it's so deep and it's so ingrained into many Koreans lives. It's just what are your thoughts?


What do you think is gonna happen to him? Do you think that this is vigilante justice? Or do you think ultimately violence is bad? What are your thoughts? Leave it in the comments and please stay safe. And I will see you in the next one.