
Ramble. My dog Mango has been with me through some really crazy times in life. I mean she's been with us for the past 10 years. If you guys dunno, mango is my little French bulldog with half hair. Okay? She is fuzzy only half the time, and she is literally the glue of my family. I have quite literally named an entire podcast in a YouTube channel from my dog Mango. She is the reason that these channels exist. But three years ago, mango was diagnosed with this autoimmune disease and she was always at risk of excessive bleeding. Her fur was falling out in clumps. It was, it was a pretty stressful time in my life. I was constantly emotional about Mango being in pain, and then I would be get so stressed out every time I started going over the vet bills.


Every time we took her to the vet, it was like thousands of dollars because her condition was so difficult to treat. And I am just so thankful that we had savings to cover it.


I wish I had known about Spot Pet a few years back. It would've just eased so much of that stress. Our partner Spot Pet Insurance is here to share a message today on how they are a secret weapon against the unexpected. Because with Spot Pet Insurance, you can get up to 90% cash back on eligible vet bills. Our dogs are always there, For us during our hardest times, and we need to be there for them too. Go to spot pet.com today and get a quote instantly. Visit spot pet.com. Paid Dad from Spot Pet Insurance Waiting Periods, annual deductibles, co-insurance benefit limits and exclusions may apply. For all terms, visit spot pet ins.com/sample. Policy insurance plans are underwritten by either Independence, American Insurance Company or United States Fire Insurance Company and produced by SPOT Pet Insurance Services LLC.


Over the years I've developed a few food sensitivities, pork oil, but the worst one that has recently been upsetting my stomach was my vitamins, my daily pills and supplements to keep me from feeling sick sometimes would make me feel sick, especially on an empty stomach. I was fortunate enough to be able to try different forms of supplements and I'm excited to share that. I actually did find ones that I enjoyed that don't upset my tummy in any way, shape or form, even on an empty stomach. It's kind of like my pork sensitivity. I can't eat pork belly, but I can eat bacon and prosciutto. It's just weird for some reason. But recently I found out that although I often get upset, stomach and nausea from pill forms of certain vitamins, SymbioticA gels are so gentle on my stomach with no side effects. They're easy to take. Liposomal packets make taking my supplements very quick, convenient, and enjoyable. They come in these little squeezies and go down so easy. There's no worries about post nausea and they actually taste very good. SymbioticA has changed the game when it comes to health for me. Their gels are gentle, but very, very efficient, and their advanced liposomal delivery ensures that your body can absorb the nutrients much faster and more effectively than other supplements. My favorite part is that Symbiotic's products are made clean and with intention. They don't contain seed oils, preservatives, toxins, artificial additives, or quote natural flavors. And again, they still taste amazing. It's also a personal benefit for me due to my oil sensitivity. So many supplements contain fillers or harmful additives nowadays, but Symbio Attica is reliable and transparent. I love their magnesium L three nite. It is my favorite, symbiotic a squeezy, and also vitamin C, but it comes with this vanilla flavor and it's like a healthy dessert. It definitely hits the sweet tooth for me, and it helps with my sleep regulation. So luckily for both me and you, SymbioticA is having their biggest sale of the year. So you guys have to get your hands on these products while they're Black Friday sale lasts. Head over to symbiotica.com to get 25% off plus free shipping. That's SymbioticA to get 25% off, plus free shipping. Trust me, your health will Thank you.


Badabing bad. Someone's gonna die. Someone is gonna die at the luxury five star resort. It's gonna happen. It happened in Hawaii. The hotel manager at this luxury resort was stabbed to death by a wealthy hotel guest for okay. To be fair, he did take a restroom break inside that guest suitcase. He took a number two, he pooped inside of his suitcase. The wealthy guest catches the hotel manager, stabs him to death Then in Italy. It happened again. Another luxury five star resort had to deal with a high profile death of a wealthy woman who was set up by her husband to have her killed so that he could inherit her entire fortune And.


now, the next death is likely going to take place at the Four Seasons Resort in Thailand. We don't know who's gonna die. We don't even know why they're gonna die yet, but we do know that someone is gonna die because that is the setup of the White Lotus. The first season was set in Hawaii. The second one was in Italy, And. now the third is going to be in Thailand. It's gonna come out sometime in 2025, which if you haven't already seen White. Lotus is this dark comedy drama series that usually takes place in one of the fictional White Lotus luxury resort hotel chains. And it's this fascinating mixture.


You have all of these mostly obnoxious, slightly eccentric, wealthy guests with their own problems and secrets interacting with the hotel staff who likely hate their guts. Season three is extra special because Lisa from Black Pink will be featured. This is her debut acting role, and it's filmed in her home country, Thailand at the Four Seasons Resort. Kowi Kowi is this secluded island off the east coast of mainland Thailand. It has a private beach. When you go to the Four Seasons, there's so many trees, there's so many plants, you're almost on a cliff side. You have little pockets of buildings that are surrounded by nature with these mini little pools, infinity pools overlooking the cliffs.


There's 14 private villas, and one of the actresses, Carrie Coon, she says about the director of the White Lotus series, she said, okay, his vision with the third series, he had a season about money. He had his season about sex. This season is gonna be about death, and not many people know this. And I don't know if White Lotus is gonna use this as inspiration, but there actually was a very, very mysterious death at the Four Seasons Resort in Emi. This is the true story behind that death. In 2014, a post starts going viral in China. It's a long personal story. Posted onto this internet forum by a username named Uncle Bluebeard is kind of a weird username, but the post is titled, the Risks of Being in a Wealthy Family.


My sister-in-law's sister, so it would be like my sister's husband's sibling. I see now the risks of being in a wealthy family. My sister-in-law's sister died in Kowi Thailand. Hmm. You click on the post and you start reading it. My sister-in-Law has a beautiful younger sister named Lily. She married one of the richest men in China. I won't say exactly who it is, but after being with this man for more than 10 years, last year they went on vacation to Thailand where they owned this massive four seasons villa, a private villa. They end up arguing, getting into a random standard. Couple's fight the next morning she was found dead in the swimming pool floating.


They tried to claim that she drowned, that she had a bottle of wine, fell into the pool and drowned. It was unfortunate, but that doesn't even make sense. Lily doesn't even know how to swim. Why would she have been swimming alone in the middle of the night? Besides Lily, additionally does not drink. She rarely drinks. However, we found out sooner or later that there were clear strangulation marks on her neck. The local authorities briefly arrested her husband. I mean they had to, but all he had to do was pay about $140,000 in bail, which is nothing for a family of his status. He's from one of the wealthiest families in China. Then they called back saying our family member had drank too much and fell into the swimming pool.


Now, my sister-in-law, and her parents have to fly abroad every month to fight this case. Their family used to be quite wealthy, and even now they're not doing too badly. They own three houses. However, my sister-in-law can't work. All she does is focus on her sister's case. Her brother has no income. Now, Chinese authorities won't do anything about it, even though both the deceased and the husband are Chinese nationals. I just don't understand why. Why can't legal proceedings be handled in China? All our family want is some justice. That's it. Her official cause of death is an accident, but nobody in our family believes it. Zens immediately start searching for clues. What do you mean one of the richest men in China?


I mean that's only like a handful of men, right? We gotta figure out who it is because how does, how does one of the richest men in China kill their wife, allegedly kill their wife, or have a wife that dies in a very suspicious manner and nobody knows about it? So they didn't name anybody? No, they just left little hints and they used a little initial, which you could kind of connect to the surname. Ah, and people are wondering, how is this person not in jail? So they start gathering all these little nuggets of hints from the post. And last year, the wife's name is Lily. He's one of the wealthiest men in China. This is his surname initial. He owns a villa at the Four Seasons in Thailand. And it just narrows down to specifically one person and one person only.


A man named Lin Yu. He is indeed part of one of the most well-known, wealthiest billionaire families in China. Billionaires that are quite literally untouchable. I mean, speaking of one of the most notable billionaires in China is Wong Suton. His nickname is w it. It literally translates to Mr. Wang Disti, like he's most memorable for two things. One, he has this big mouth that he almost never shuts. That's what people say about him. That's not what I'm saying. But he has made a career out of just dissing everybody online. It doesn't matter. You could be the private dog groomer for his husky that gets to fly on a private jet from city to city.


You could be the A-list actress. It doesn't matter who you are. Wong Satton will likely mock you on social media. One time he was staying at this hotel, a massive hotel in this busy city, and he starts tweeting ng. Wanda Hotel is the most stupid hotel I've ever lived in, and it's fucking open by my own family. Amazing. The second thing that he's most known for is being the son of the founders of Wanda Group, one of the largest conglomerates in all of China. They own a whole chain of massive shopping malls, 90 hotels at one point, a massive real estate portfolio. And most notably, they were known for owning a MC theaters like Whole One Chain at one before they sold it.


Yeah, yeah, they sold it. But at one point that was like what they were most notable for international reasons. Wanda Group is a massive conglomerate, and Wong Suton is a massive big mouth that has gotten them into a bit of trouble. And it doesn't matter that his dad is one of the wealthiest people in the country. Nothing. And nobody can shut his baby son up. It's just not happening. Except in 2014, zens find the one thing that you can say to shut Wong Su up. What does your uncle do? Suddenly, the biggest yapper in the world that is never quiet, never backs down from a fight. Wong Suton, go silent. How is it that this little phrase, what did your uncle do?


How does it stop him? Why was your uncle's second wife found dead floating in a private pool at the Four Seasons in Thailand? Why is everybody calling him your uncle? The blue beard of China? You know, blue Beard, the story of the man who killed all of his wives, which means if his second wife was found dead, what happened to his first wife? This is the case of three deaths spanning across three countries, a billionaire and a son who will search for his father to get answers.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the Palestine Children's Relief Fund. They provide free medical care and humanitarian aid to thousands of injured, abused, abandoned children, and really any child in need. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support rotten Mango's growing team. We'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. One brief content disclaimer for this case. It involves mentions of potentially abusive relationships, and additionally, there has been no official ruling. So we will try our best to keep you guys updated. There are some new developments, but everybody is innocent until proven guilty.


And as always, with foreign cases, I did work with our Chinese researchers and translators, but please let us know if anything was left out mistranslated, miscommunicated. And with that being said, let's get into it. Marcus is three and a half years old when both of his parents die in a car accident. He grows up with his grandparents in Sweden, and this is on his mom's side. And they all had these like little cassette tapes with old videos of Marcus with his parents. And those were the only memories he has. I mean honestly. The only memory he has of his mom is he says, I just remember a day we sat in the apartment, she was cooking chicken soup and she kept feeding me chicken soup with this big spoon.


I mean. I don't know how it would've tasted today, but it was the tastiest thing I've ever eaten. At least in memory, that is it. That's his only memory, really, of his mom. Unless he's watching those cassette tapes. And then one day he turns eight, he's like around eight years old, and he decides I am going to record some Disney Channel shows on a cassette tape so I can watch it over and over. I can rewind it or just keep it for an episode that I like. And the first step that he has to do is find a cassette tape inside the house that he can record on. He goes to his grandparents' giant stash of cassette tapes. Now the problem is he can't re-record over a cassette tape. That's important because some cassette tapes are memories. Some of them are already like TV shows that people have rerecorded.


Yeah. So he grabs a cassette tape that looks like it's just a TV show, programming the local news. He pops it in just to make sure it's nothing important. And it's the news. He's correct. It's not like a memory, it's not a video camera of of vlog of their days. He's like, perfect. He's about to take it out. And he sees this familiar face pop up on the news. His mom, why is his mom on the news? Why did his grandparents record this? It's so strange. And the news anchor then says an update on the woman who disappeared the other day. She was found dead and murdered. There is a motive, but the authorities are deciding not to make that information available to the public. Wait a year old Marcus Stumble?


Yes. Upon the news. Back in the days, Yes, he was eight when he realized his parents were not killed in a car accident, his mom was murdered. And her case would actually be one of the bigger unsolved cases in Sweden. Nobody really goes missing in Gothenburg, at least not then. And, I, if you do go missing, you would be found within 12 to 24 hours until March 18th, Veronica drops off 3-year-old Marcus at kindergarten, and the timer starts. Her schedule is cutthroat. She's a mom, she's a student. So after dropping off Marcus at kindergarten, she's gotta go to the university campus. She's gotta attend classes trying to get her engineering degree.


Once she's out of class, everything is timed to a T, she gets outta class, she goes straight home to where she lives with her parents and Marcus in the apartment building. She spends time with Marcus usually on the way home when she, or when she finally gets a second to breathe, she'll call up her best friend Jenny to catch up. But that day the call never comes because Veronica doesn't go home that day. By 9:00 PM her parents report her missing, hi, I'd like to report a missing person. She's 30 years old, about five, five long, dark brown hair, probably wearing a leather jacket and a blouse. Veronica's family explained how she's supposed to be home at 5:00 PM It's already 9:00 PM This is I mean it. It does doesn't make sense. The police are like 5:00 PM today, like four hours ago.


You're freaking out because your daughter was supposed to be home four. Your 30-year-old daughter was supposed to be home four hours ago and she's not. And you're calling us. She may have disappeared on her own free will. Yes, sure, whatever. But this is not like her. She has a 3-year-old son. Veronica's family are insistent. Okay, they're, they're not giving up. This is not normal. Not even in the slightest. The police have to do something. Some sources state that the police are very intrigued by this case. Not because they had a little inkling early on, but because nobody really disappeared in Gothenburg. So the police didn't really have that many things to do. Like it's a super safe city. Yeah. So they grabbed their dogs, they shut down some roads and they're getting excited.


They're like, search the vicinity, let's get it done. And the police, all they really have to do is just one phone call. Now they make one call and they could probably find Veronica. This is multiple days later. Okay? She's still missing And. now they know that one phone call and they could find her, but that means one phone call, they gotta do it, right? Authorities are able to track Veronica's phone because they couldn't get this better, more precise location. This narrow scope of locations. They're looking at two separate apartment buildings across the street from each other. It could be in any one of these units in both of these buildings that she was last seen in. That's as close as the investigators are getting somewhere inside of these two apartment complexes.


Veronica is inside. Interestingly enough, Veronica actually lives in one of the apartment units with her parents and her son Marcus. But of course they likely search their unit, so she's not in that one. But any other one, she could be in there. The most effective way to get a better location would be to call Veronica's phone and see if it rings anywhere inside that building. But that means authorities really only get like one chance at this. If they keep calling, or even if they just call once, it's likely that whoever has Veronica's phone is gonna be tipped off and then the police are onto them. They're gonna turn the phone off. And then what? So they feel like, let's say one of the neighbor has Kidnapped, Right?


Has her phone. They can, they will only let the phone ring once. Yes. Before they shut it off. Yes. I mean they might've already shut it off. They might've silenced it, but they can't take that risk. Right? They gotta let it ring once. So what do they do? They have a police officer outside every single door in that apartment building? Both. And they get one phone call. You're kidding. One phone. Yeah. One Phone call. Do you know how many there are? I think there are like a hundred over a hundred. Yeah. So every police officer is stationed outside each apartment unit, and they will wait for the signal. If they hear a ring, they're one step closer to finding Veronica. They dial Veronica's phone, get the crowbar, they hear her phone ringing and they find the unit.


It's time to break in. And it's a strange revelation. Or maybe it's like a coincidence because this is the apartment unit directly under Veronica's family apartment. So strange. One of the first investigators to step into the apartment, they say that they turn into the restroom inside the apartment unit once they break in and the grout on the tiles, the floor, the tub, the sink. I mean there was blood everywhere. It was like a red restroom around the corner. There's this hallway and that's where they find Veronica. She had been there right under her parents' apartment this whole time. I mean, what was she even doing inside this unit? Investigators state, I take a step in and on the right towards a bedroom, in the hallway, there's a woman, she's lying in a very large pool of blood and well, she's dead And.


now there's even more questions. Who would do something like this to Veronica? Had she been under her family's home all this time? When did she pass away? How did she die? The last two questions are easier to answer. They send Veronica's body in for an autopsy. Cause of death is mechanical asphyxiation. And the murder weapon points towards some sort of thin cord, or perhaps even like a wire hanger. Time of death being almost exactly the same time as the report of her being missing was made. So that night, March 18th, that night around 9:00 PM which means she was likely killed in the process of coming home from school that day, she had almost made it up to the family's apartment unit on the second floor. When somehow she ends up in this first floor unit.


I mean it's clear from even a glance into the apartment that there had been this huge physical struggle. There's furniture flipped upside down. Things are broken, belongings are everywhere, which only leads investigators to another question. Who the hell owns this apartment? And where the hell are they? Mr. Tang? Ching Zong is priority number one. Find him the owner of the unit and likely the authorities will get the answers that they're looking for. So far, here's what they know about Mr. Tang. Mr. Tang is a 44-year-old man. He has a wife and kids in China, but he is working in Sweden. He rented that unit downstairs for the past few years. Now he lives alone. And that's it.


That's all they know about him. So if he's not at the apartment, maybe he's at work. So the authorities, they rush to the local supermarket where he was working and they're, they got their handcuffs ready to ready to arrest him. And they're told, sorry. He's so strange. He took this unauthorized absence from work. He's been gone for several days. We don't know what happened. What do you mean? He just stopped showing up? Well, when exactly did he stop showing up to work? Oh, I think it was like March 18th. The day Veronica goes missing, he just stops showing up for work. One investigator working the case said the question of where Mr. Tang was, would haunt them. He says he disappeared. His passport, his clothes are all gone.


Suspicions are raised like, where are you? Why did you leave? Why did you, why do you have a dead woman in your home? The police's first working theory is an affair. I mean it kind of makes sense, right? The person most likely to harm you is an intimate partner. Maybe Mr. Tang was having an affair cheating on his wife and children back home in China with upstairs neighbor Veronica. Now to add some credibility to their theory, if you can, if you can call it that. Authorities realized that Veronica used to live in China. She taught English in Italian China, which means there's a high likelihood that they bonded. In fact, Mr. Tang barely spoke Swedish. It's likely that Veronica would help him translate a few things here and there. She passed by his apartment unit every time that she came home to go up the to the steps to the second floor.


That is enough opportunity. And maybe one party wanted something deeper than just the neighborly affair. Maybe Veronica wanted more. She demands Mr. Tang breakup with his wife so that they can get together. No, that doesn't make sense. That doesn't sound like Veronica according to every single person that knows her. So maybe it's the other way around. Maybe Mr. Tang wanted something more, but Veronica refused. And it's a case of I if I can't have you, then nobody can have you. That's the theory. And it is solely based on the fact that Veronica lived in China before and had an interest in Chinese men. That's quite literally it. The police are like, yep, that's the conclusion that we're coming to Veronica's parents. They rightly oppose this theory. There's zero evidence that the two of them were having any sort of affair.


And this is just kind of bizarre. And so the police go back to exactly what worked the easiest thing to do. What helped them find Veronica the phone. So they track Mr. Tang's phone a affair or not. If you can find him, he can tell you exactly what happened. So investigators start tracking his phone. He's not picking up his calls, he's not picking up his text, but his cell phone data shows that he's moving north quick. There is no way that he's walking. He must be on some sort of moving car, moving train. He's fleeing Gothenburg. It looks like he's trying to make it to Denmark. Wait, so this is so strange. He stopped. Now they're looking at the phone data. He stopped. He stopped at a train station.


There is nothing in this area except for that train station. Is that his destination? Is that where he's going? Did something stop him? So they rushed the police to this train station. Somehow they're able to track Mr. Tang's phone with a lot more accuracy than Veronica's. It leads them straight to the dumpster behind the train station. They're standing there looking at this giant dumpster. This is where he is right now. I mean it's giant. It could easily hide a Mr. Tang or 10 Mr. Tangs if need be. So they glove up, they jump into the dumpster and they start dumpster diving. But instead of Mr. Tang, they just find his phone thrown into the dumpster. All the prints on the phone are wiped clean.


That is so strange. So then where the hell is Mr. Tang? The lead investigator is sent away from the train station 'cause he gets an emergency tip, a tip from another resident at the same apartment complex. What is it? It's a family nearby that Well, they were walking their dog and the dogs kept tugging and digging near the backside of the apartment building. Okay? Incidentally, it happens to be right under the unit that Veronica's body was found right under Mr. Tang's first floor balcony. His unit has this little balcony. I mean you could hardly really call it a balcony. Since he's on the first floor. It's just a little slab of concrete and it's a few feet off the ground.


A family who lives nearby tells the police that something very strange happened. The dogs are going crazy. And you know, it kind of has a pungent scent, reminiscent of fermented meat radiating outta that area. And I. Don't know if that's normal. I'm just saying when the investigating group duck under the balcony, it's very clear that there is freshly dug soil. They start digging and a little less than five feet beneath the ground, they find another victim. Veronica is not the only one that died inside of this apartment. Perhaps Mr. Tang is on a killing rampage. Maybe he's a serial killer in the making. Authorities start digging and more and more, 'cause at first they just see a little bit of flesh. They see decomposing flesh, and then they find full human remains peeking out from the soil.


But the fact that they find another body under Mr. Tang's balcony, the unit where Veronica was killed, would only make the case more complex because the body they find belongs to Mr. Tang. Hmm.


Some of my favorite wholesome videos to watch online are the ones where people who speak multiple languages but don't look like it will randomly break out into full sentences. Surprising everyone around them. And almost always the unsuspecting native speakers in the videos are shocked, but also happy elated, even because learning a language is so much more than just communicating, it shows that there's a deep interest in the person's culture and heritage. I've been learning Chinese from my husband's side of the family, and actually I was talking with a friend and suggested totally unprompted that they should surprise their grandma for the holidays by learning her native language using Rosetta Stone. She just started practicing and is hoping to surprise her Nana by holding a full conversation in French by Christmas time with Rosetta Stone. This is a fun little holiday gift that you can give as well, whether you're surprising a loved one with your own abilities or gifting a membership brushing up on a past language, or even starting from scratch. Rosetta Stone is the most trusted language learning program available on desktop or as an app. It truly immerses you in the language that you wanna learn. But most importantly, Rosetta Stone encourages fast language learning through an intuitive process designed for long-term retention. The built in true accent feature gives you feedback on your pronunciation, which is basically a personal trainer for your accent. Because for 30 years, Rosetta Stone has been the most trusted language learning platform with millions of users worldwide. And don't worry if French is not your thing. They have 25 different languages to choose from, such as Korean, Spanish, Japanese, Chinese, Arabic. Not that you have to choose though, because with Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership, you get access to all 25 language courses for the rest of your life. A lifetime supply of unlimited access to 25 languages for any future trips or language needs in life. Don't put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now. To get started, Rotten Mango listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem for 50% off at Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten.


Today we are in the middle of a renovation to make what looks like a little nook like. We want all these little nooks around the house recently because just with my nieces running around, I think it'd be very nice to have these soft little spaces for them to read their little books. And I've just been super excited. And I, think it's finally time that hopefully it'll be finished before the holidays. I've already started ordering stuff like books for their little nooks and all these cozy and little warm things so that we can hibernate throughout the winter. We've decided on like the color scheme and everything recently. And with Quince, we were able to pick out the COMT pillows, throw blankets and accent rugs. Quince is a direct to consumer clothing and home brand that offers quality pieces of leather, cashmere, and silks, all for affordable prices. But that's not all they do. In fact, they're known for their high quality wardrobe essentials, like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters that start at just $50 each. The unbeatable prices are reflected in their entire inventory from home. Stuff like we got for these little reading nook to wardrobe essentials, leather jackets, cotton cardigans, super soft denims to kids' clothes, and even all pets. I have to say that when I wear cashmere from Quince, it's just different. Like you can see the texture and the quality from a mile away. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. They bring the savings and sustainability by directly partnering with top factories who use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices. Get cozy and quince high quality wardrobe essentials. Go to quince.com/rotten for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN ce.com/rotten to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/rotten.


Here are the key details of the crime scene, and you tell me the number one question that needs to be answered during the autopsy. I mean, aside from the obvious ones first, Veronica and Mr. Tang were both murdered. Second, there would've been no way to have murdered each other, obviously, but you have to rule everything out. Third, they were interestingly not disposed of in the same way. Like we just said, Mr. Tang is buried outside. I mean not well, but he is buried. Veronica is left inside the apartment unit. Fourth, the blood inside the bathroom is a mixture of Mr. T's blood, Veronica's blood, and a third party unidentifiable, DNA, whoever it is, is not in the system. Hmm.


The most important thing to ask here, if you only have the two bodies, what could help you narrow down the killers better? What helps you solve this case? What question would you ask? Like which blood was oldest in the bathroom? Like the order of the killing or Or time of death for Mr. Tang? Mm. Because if both Mr. Tang and Veronica were killed at the same time, it could likely be that they were ambushed by the mysterious third person. If Mr. Tang was killed after Veronica, either they were still killed by the same person or people or Mr. Tang could potentially technically have killed Veronica and then someone came to kill Mr. Tang.


Now. Now, if Mr. Tang was killed before Veronica, that would be very difficult. That'd be very strange. So were they killed by the same person? What happened there? Yeah. What does that mean? Does that mean that perhaps Mr. Tang was the target and Veronica walked in on something that she shouldn't have seen? Maybe she walked in on the murder, but if he was killed before Veronica, it would rule out Mr. Tang as any sort of perpetrator. Yes. So for a while, that is the main working theory of investigators that Mr. Tang is the main target. And Veronica walked in and saw something that she wasn't supposed to see. But the problem with this theory, aside from that, it's just a theory and there's no evidence that Mr. Tang is the target. Is that once you go a step further and try to work through the theory, you keep hitting dead ends.


First of all, time of death on Mr. Tang shows. He died the night before Veronica. Okay? Almost a full 24 hours. All of his close interpersonal relationships are residents of China. His family is in China. He doesn't have a large amount of hidden money or valuables. So this doesn't appear to be a robbery or burglary gone wrong, whereas maybe Veronica would've been the more reasonable target. Could it be that whoever wanted to kill Veronica needed a safe place to do it? So they killed Mr. Tang just so that they could kill Veronica. That would be a crazy motive. A crazy motive. Very meticulously planned Because that means Mr.


Tang and his death. The only purpose that served was to vacate his apartment so that Veronica could be killed inside of it. And perhaps to frame him for Veronica's murder. Kill Mr. Tang. So his apartment can be used. Lure and Veronica kill Mr. Tang. Bury him. Lay and wait for Veronica, lure her into the apartment. Maybe say, hurry come. Mr. Tang is in trouble. He needs you strangle her. Kill her, then leave her in the apartment dead. Take Mr. Tang's phone, drive it away from the scene towards the border of Denmark to create the false impression that he's fleeing. And the goal being to kill Veronica. Frame Mr. Tang and get away with it. This person's blood is in the bathroom. Yes. So it's trackable. Yes. But who is that?


We don't know. Technically the third person's blood is trackable, but you would need to find that third person first, which is very difficult. Yeah. Yeah, because you don't even know where to start looking for them. I mean. We just kind of have the idea that maybe somebody wanted to kill Veronica. And if that's the case, that means this is very personal. This is not a crime of passion. This is a meticulously planned diabolical plot. It is done by someone who knows where she lives, is familiar with her daily schedule. They know that she didn't live alone, had to be lured to a different location to be killed. Who would want her dead? The authorities start asking Veronica's classmates friends, professors. Was Veronica being followed by anyone to class? Was there anything strange about her demeanor the day that she went missing?


Or maybe a week prior, two weeks prior or anything? No. Nothing at all. Not that we can think of I mean. I can let you know if, well, actually there is one person, one classmate explains she was going through marriage and custody issues with her husband. He lives in China, but he was in Sweden visiting when she went missing. He was, when Veronica's family is asked about this, when her parents are asked, they're so confused. Her husband was here. He comes a few times a year from China to Sweden, and he will always let us know in advance because he stays in the family apartment unit. Why would he be in Sweden? Why wouldn't he tell us?


He always calls ahead and he always stays with us. Except this time Veronica was last seen March 18th. Her husband arrived in Gothenburg, March 16th without letting Veronica's parents know. That is very suspicious, isn't it? Authorities search for Veronica's husband, but it's too late now because he's long gone. He's checked out of the Sheraton Hotel that he was staying at. The police go in, they search that hotel room top to bottom, just in case housekeeping missed anything in this very beige, very orange room. It's kind of depressing. Try to see if there's anything that could point to anything. They're getting into all the little crevices behind the mattress, wedged on the stilts for the mattress underneath the bed, behind the drawers of the bed, restroom sinks.


Every single nook and cranny is checked thoroughly. And they scream. What is that? What is that? They find a tiny speck of blood, blood splatter on the inner part of the armrest in one of the chairs. The blood sample matches the third mystery blood found inside Mr. Tang's apartment. That's crazy. Who the hell is Veronica's husband? And did he kill her? Who the hell even is he? How did he and Veronica meet some people that the authorities talk to say, I don't know. I think I heard that. He's like the son of a former Emperors line or something in China. Emperors line. Yeah.


What others say? Oh, I have no clue what he does, but I heard he is kind of like a, he was like an international playboy, but the sentiment by many of Veronica's peers is, I think I heard somewhere that he's like a billionaire. Marcus is now in his twenties when he sits down to write a letter for his dad. Hi dad. This is not easy to write, but I'm your son. It's been a long, long time since we last saw each other. I personally had to create my own image of you. I only have a few memories of you, but I've heard a lot about you from others over the years, both negative and positive things, and about the terrible incident. I wonder what really happened between you and my mother.


I have so many questions I would like to ask you. I mean. How do you see me? Do you see me as your son? Is there any fatherly love for me? Or am I a person that you don't wanna be reminded of? I don't know if it's possible, but I would like to meet you. I would like to sit down eye to eye to get a chance once and for all to know who you are. When I try to create an image of you, it's really hard to put that into words. This letter would be addressed to Lynn Yu of the billionaire Wong family. Mr. Wong is technically the billionaire. He's Lynn's brother-in-Law, and he has one small piece of advice for future generations of entrepreneurs. In one interview, Lynn's brother-in-Law, Mr.


Wang of Wanda Group. This is Wong Sutton's dad. Oh, won. Yes. In one viral interview. He's actually having quite a heartfelt moment where he's talking about how people always come up to him telling him, I wanna be a billionaire just like you. Okay. He's like, what do you wanna do? What industry? And they don't know. They're just like, I just wanna be filthy fricking rich just like you. And he says to them, I just have one message. He says, for the young people out there listening, set a small goal first. Try to reach that before anything, a small realistic goal. So for example, I'm gonna make $13 million in the next three years, and once you hit that small teeny goal, you can go from there.


$13 million is baby money to this guy I mean technically. It is so, So he, the way it translates, you know, the conversion in Chinese, it will be, let's say a hundred million Chinese RMB, right? So that's like, like It's A unfathomable amount of money. Yeah. But he's like, you know what? Just set a baby goal, like a hundred million dollar. Like start. Start with that first. Start Small. Yeah, Start small, hit that little number and then we can go from there. So that became one of the most viral, mean viral thing in China. Like we, anything with that number is like little gold little Goals. Okay? And this is the leader of the wing family. And to break down the wing family, you have Mr.


Wang, small little Goldman. He's the founder of Wanda Group. Then you have his wife, Lin Ning. Now, for the purpose of this video, we're just gonna call her Ning for clarity. And the two of them, they share a child, Wong Suton Ning is Lin's sister. Mm. So Lin Yu, the billionaire husbands of these two wives that are found mysteriously dead is Wong SU's uncle on his mom's side. Mm. Ning Wong SU's mom did an interview once where she also goes viral and she said, whoever I marry will become a billionaire. Oh Yeah. Interestingly, a lot of people would assume that Mrs. Wang's background is at least lagging compared to that of her husband.


And people thought like, you know, when you say something like that, you've got all the men rising up ready to start a war because they're offended. But actually everybody agrees with her, like the whole nation agreed with her. Because how do you compete with a billionaire husband? Ning can compete. She actually grew up in the very privileged household of a high, high, high up government official in China, which it's similar and different than the United States. These are the type of people where you cannot Google their net worth. If you do Google their net worth, they'll probably give you a tiny little number and you're like, Hmm, that doesn't feel right. Because what do they live in a $50 million house? Then that doesn't make sense. You don't even know exactly how much money they're worth.


But you can imagine I mean these are the types of people that have yards in Beijing. That's like having a yard in the middle of Manhattan. It is a level of power and wealth that most people can even understand, and that is NINGs upbringing. So when Ning marries Mr. Wong, Wong Lin, he's actually the one with less to offer in their marriage. In fact, Lin and his sister Ning are surrounded by high ranking families, and Wang is just this random entrepreneur, which even there some would argue he's not even as good as his wife. Okay? By this point, she had her own investment group and it had 18 other companies that I was invested in. It owned one of the most affluent private entertainment clubs, the Oriental Club in Beijing.


This company would later merge with Wanda Group, her husband's new company. So to put it simply, yes, as Ning said, whoever she married likely would become a billionaire because that's who she is. Some would even argue that Mr. Wang's biggest fortune in life is not founding the company. Wanda Group, his real fortune was marrying his wife, Ning, but ING's brother Lynn was maybe not, not really the same. Like there's nothing inherently weird about Lynn. It's just, it's not like you can meet him once and just know, oh, this guy is strange. Like there's something off about him. I mean, I bet he's been accused of murder like you. You wouldn't get that feeling. Nothing like that at all.


In fact, he grew up upper class to a prestigious family. I mean they'd know a thing or two about etiquette. He would usually abide by those laws. One former acquaintance said he's very open, very easy to talk to, easy to become friends with. He's very kind. He never said anything that could be deemed crazy. I mean not at all. He was incredibly polite. Not that it really matters because you're part of the Wanda Group family. I mean they're a big boy company. They're a big boy conglomerate. Anyone doing business in China knew that having Wanda group on your side would open doors. They are the big whales in the industry, but they also have their weaknesses. Like Lin Yu and his new nickname as the Blue Beard of China.


Have you ever seen anyone with a blue beard? It's literally blue. I mean it sounds magical. It's beautiful, but it's also kind of unsettling. Like what makes it naturally blue? Is everything okay? That is why they call him Mr. Blue Beard. His beard is blue, his wallets are green. That's the story. It's a fictional story. This is interesting because everybody in China is now calling Mr. Lynn the blue beard of China. This is where it originates from. The blue beard makes up for having this creepy blue beard by being a rich nobleman, but it's still for some reason, very difficult for him to find a wife because his beard is so strange and it's offputting. And furthermore, there are these little rumors.


You know he was married before, right? He was then what happened to his wife? Nobody knows. Vanished what? Same with his second, third, fourth, and fifth. It takes a while, but with patience, he wins over this young woman from a neighboring family to marry him with one caveat, one rule. Blue beard will be going on this extended business trip. His new wife will be left in his estate to do whatever she pleases, and he hands her this huge ring of keys. What are these? The keys Grant you access to every single room inside this castle, except he starts clinking through them one by one until he arrives at the smallest, tiniest little key.


This one, this little key is that of the closet at the end of the long gallery on the ground floor, open everything and go everywhere except into that little closet, which I forbid you to enter. And. I forbid you so strictly that if you should venture to open that door, there is nothing that you may not have to dread. From my anger, his new wife promises, I will never open that door after Bluebeard leaves. His wife naturally has zero interest in that room until she spends most of her time going through every single other room. The rooms in this castle are stunning, gold, gilded mirrors, massive marble statues, intricately carved. Why would she need to open that stupid little door at the end of the hallway with the tiny little key I mean?


There would be no reason for her to do that, right? Like for what? When she could lounge in the fine riches of her new husband, there would be no good reason for her to open that door, which is precisely why she is standing in front of that door with her hand holding that tiny little key hesitating because if her husband finds out, he'll be so angry his beard will probably turn red. But if she does not open the door, she's gonna lose sleep for who knows how long I mean? That's it. Just do it once. Get it over with. Just open the door, take a little peek. She'll never have to wonder or think about what's behind this door. She pushes open the door steps one foot in it's dark, but there's a scent.


Rusty metal. She looks down, floors are clotted with blood, and when her eyes trail upwards, now she knows what happened to his former wives. They're all here hanging. Hmm? She covers her mouth to cover up the scream, drops the key into the blood accidentally. She picks it up, closes the door behind her, runs back to her room. She needs to get herself composed ASAP. Her husband is gonna be back home there in the middle of the countryside and as a state, there's nowhere she can run, which means she has to act like she didn't see a single thing. She's splashing water on her face. Oh my God, the key. She grabs it, she's running it under the water in the sink. The blood's not coming off. And when the husband gets home, it is so very clear what she's done.


He doesn't even need to guess. She's shaking like a wet dog. Finally, he tells her that it's time to take your place with the other wives in the closet. Go on now, because the story of the blue beard and his wife, it is unclear whether he was gonna kill her or not had she not opened that closet door. But because she did, because she knew the fate of his previous wives, now she knows too much And. now she has to die. The estates at the Four Seasons Resort in Thailand make the most sense for married couples. I mean as much sense as $7 million makes each private villa on the Four Seasons Resort comes with their own home. First of all, With, all the designer finishes an Infinity Edge pool overlooking the breathtaking views, custom bathtubs, rain showers, fully equipped kitchens state-of-the-art facilities.


It's like living in your own dream house mansion in Thailand while still having a private butler and full access to all the Four Seasons resort facilities, restaurants, spa, water, sports activities. All here on the premise on the estate, you have about 2 million plants made up of one and a half million different precious species, along with 867 naturally occurring coconut trees. It is described as quote, the perfect blend of modern and Southeast Asian tie style villas are each around 11,000 square feet, and the best part is there's only 14 of them. Rich people love that. Sure. Limited edition is great numbered edition where there's a finite number and everybody knows even better.


Wow. A few years after Veronica is found murdered, a massive purchase is made at the Four Seasons Estate in Thailand. One of the exclusive 14 luxury villas has been sold, purchased by none other than Lynn, the brother of Mrs. Wang. Of Wanda Group. It is at that $7 million vacation estate that the Thai police will be called in. They see a Chinese sobbing heaving over a woman's limp body. How many years after the incident was the call made? Like a decade. Oh wow. Yeah. Okay. His wife, Lily had been found dead floating in the pool. She had drowned, at least that's the original story.


That is the original version. They were at their estate in Thailand to get away from the busy city to get away from work. It's supposed to be a romantic little trip, but now his wife Lily, is dead. She's drowned. Maybe she drank too much wine and slipped into the pool. Lily's body is brought in to be autopsied and suddenly the story doesn't even make sense. I mean most of her autopsy findings don't indicate that she drowned. In fact, they indicate that she was strangled. That is her official cause of death. Briefly adding to this bizarre situation, Lily has been dead for the past eight to 10 hours. Sure the estate is 11,000 square feet, but it's not that big. And the infinity pool for each villa, you can imagine that they're like the focal point of the estate.


You are gonna see it. How did Lynn not realize that his wife was not only missing for eight to 10 hours, but also floating dead in the pool? These are the questions that Lynn seems to have a hard time answering with the Thai police. I mean there's a lot of questions in, in fact that Lynn cannot answer or perhaps he doesn't wanna answer them. Like, why did you and your wife refuse to have the private butler consistently come during this trip? Was it because you had plans? It should also be noted that during Lynn's initial interrogation by the Thai police, he had multiple scratches. Deep scratches on his shoulder is pretty far back. It's basically on his back. When questioned about that, Lynn allegedly initially tells them I mean. I also was drunk that night, and obviously I didn't notice that my wife had drowned, so perhaps I injured myself.


And I was scratching myself or something. T Police have every intention of figuring that one out. They say, oh, okay. That's a very cool explanation. That's actually riveting. Let's do it again. They bring him a bucket of paint. He, they have him dip his fingers into it and ask him to reach towards the back shoulder area to see just how far he can reach to scratch himself. He cannot replicate reaching far back enough to give himself those wounds. Lynn allegedly changes his explanation a little later. Look, obviously the injuries are from when I jumped into the pool to pull my wife's body out. That's crazy. The authorities state that he was a suspect, but he saw himself as a victim because his wife lost her life.


That's how they phrase it. But it doesn't matter because Lynn would pay a $140,000 bail and the case would be deemed closed. Really? Yes. So is it like corrupt corruption, you think? Seems to be that way. Now, more alarming though is that nobody knows about this. Not until that online post comes up by the username, uncle Bluebeard stating that they are a family member of Lily. Lily was married to one of the wealthiest men in China who killed her in his estate. In Thailand net are quick to figure out who the hell this post is about. Lynn of Wanda Group family, zens are not only digging up the fact that he might be the husband that killed Lily allegedly, but also his first wife was murdered too, almost 10 years before Lily, and it feels like to some Zens, maybe he really is the blue beard of China.


Some Zens even take it a step further. They're digging up information on Lily and Lynn and they know that Lynn used to have his own barbecue restaurant and they say, but forget this. He ends up closing up shop one day and just never coming back to his barbecue restaurant, just abandoning it. Okay. Because the restaurant collectively poisoned all the customers. It was a really big case of food poisoning. Okay, so not the best businessman or the chef, but got it. Is that really the worst thing in the world? You know, compared to having your wife suspiciously die on vacation? Okay. The part that gets weird though is the restaurant was a ing, and this was during the ING dismemberment case. What The NJ University dismemberment case is about a 19-year-old student who was killed dismembered.


Her body was broken up into 2000 little pieces. Her remains then were boiled and scattered across at least eight separate locations near the university campus. There are parts of her body that were never found, including her internal organs and potentially more because she had been dismembered so many times. Now, here's the crazy part. There were rumors of cannibalism that started when a sanitation worker initially discovers a bag of meat in the dumpster. They thought it was pork. This was like one of the biggest, most infamous case in China. Yes. And this is related to Lin, According to Zen rumors. Oh, you know, he happens to be in the same city. And there are rumors of cannibalism.


You know, the sanitation worker sees the dismembered body remains, thinks it's pork, takes it home to eat. And it's in the process of trying to cook the meat that they discover. That's a human finger that is not pork. They call the police, which then of course has people wondering what if the other parts of the victim's body were never found because they were sold to local restaurants as meat? Because they look like meat. Which brings us to the internet conspiracy that perhaps Lynn served human flesh at his restaurant, which resulted in collective food poisoning. Or rather, they take it a step further and wondering if he was the non gene killer. Because to this day it's unsolved, which is normally a very wild unhinged conspiracy to make.


And it likely still is, but not when you consider that he has been accused of at least three Murders. I will say though, there is no definitive connection between the two, the Naing dismemberment case, nor his food poisoning case. There was no evidence that he was selling human meat or that it got people sick or that he killed anybody. It is a wild conspiracy deed. But if this man really is being accused of killing his first two wives and Mr. Tang, then could he be a full blown serial killer. Other ENTs are more focused on the very strange marriage between Lynn and his wife Lily, his second wife, according to the post, Lily was 21 years old when they got married, and she was Lynn's private secretary, which a lot of Zens find so interesting.


They thought I mean, as horrendous as this sounds, this is what Zens are saying. And sure, there might be cases where it's unique and there are always exceptions that don't fit the mold, but most of the time people with that level of status, these billionaire families who come from government, official families, they typically marry someone that's somewhat comparable. Yeah, yeah. That's big in China. Yeah. They typically don't marry their secretary. Which one could argue that with Veronica. Veronica and Lynn weren't technically on the same level financially, but it disappeared that he didn't take their marriage very seriously. She lived in Sweden. He thought it'd be nice to have a family in Europe. And then when he came to China, nobody really knew that he had a whole other family in Sweden.


Hmm. But with Lily, if you marry your secretary, a Chinese national, it would be very hard to keep that a secret, which citizens ask why would he even marry his secretary? Why not just date her and then marry somebody else? Keep her as a mistress? Which again, crazy as it sounds, people are like that happens more often. The only answer that made sense to Chinese ants was maybe she knew something that she wasn't supposed to know. Maybe she knew too much and the only way that she would never betray him was to marry her. So then other ENTs argue, well then it really depends on when they got married. The timing. That'll tell us a lot. They get married a few months after Veronica was murdered in Sweden.


Maybe she knew something that Lynn never wanted to get out because the timing of that is very strange. And Lynn was never someone who wanted to get married. At least it does not appear that way. Even well into his thirties, he was consistently a single playboy. I think Wong Suton probably gets it from his uncle, even in his thirties, Lynn chooses With. All that money and freedom. I'm gonna go to the clubs to be surrounded by young women. You could do anything you want, but he's like, I'm gonna go clubbing. And then he would get bored of his girlfriends, drop them, move on to the next. And then in China, in Dian, Dian in Dian, he meets Veronica. Interestingly, for work, Lynn had to take an English class where the teacher, there is this Swedish woman named Veronica.


She's in China teaching English whilst simultaneously learning Mandarin. And this is back then, this is not in 2024, albeit I do still think it's insanely difficult now, but back then it was incredibly difficult. China was not that easy to navigate for foreigners. Veronica's parents were confused. They're like, why are you suddenly deciding to move to China? Like why not Denmark? Why not somewhere closer? That's like me telling my mom, I'm gonna move to the middle of Europe. And she'd be like, why not Canada? Like, what's wrong with Mexico or Canada? Like somewhere bordering us, like nearby. But Veronica would tell them, if you wanna learn a language fluently, there is no better way than to go to the country.


Go alone to the country. You're forced to speak the language, especially China at the time. You know where very few people speak English, there's no better way to communicate. There was a lot of anxiety for Veronica's family. They say I mean I felt a certain anxiety, but also a certain joy. Because Veronica was really making her own journey. She's confident, a good self-confident. She has this conviction that never fails, but China is still very foreign to her, which is why she goes to class and she's got this new student, Lynn, she has no clue who he is or who the hell his family is. And the fact that they're connected to one of the biggest companies in China, people who knew both of them said she had no clue what he was doing.


I mean she's just out here bossing him around, putting him in his place whenever he steps out of line. And he seemed captivated by that. Intrigued that someone isn't walking on eggshells around him. And within six months, Veronica is sitting in front of Lynn's dad explaining how they are pregnant. Hmm. Allegedly, Lynn tried to pay Veronica to terminate, but she refused. I mean perhaps in need of advice. The two of them, they go to Lynn's dad, who was a higher up in the government, who tells them, keep the child. Why? Because I'm very excited to have a mixed race grandchild. This is so crazy, allegedly. But according to Lynn, he denies that. He says, no, no, no, we didn't have to do all of that.


Veronica called me, said that she was pregnant. And I decided to take responsibility. He said, that's why we got married. So rushed for Veronica and the child. And for my own sake, I decided to go to Sweden immediately get married in the town hall. I think the way he explains the relationship to others is pretty telling. For example, Lynn describes it like a shotgun wedding. She's pregnant, I have to take responsibility. End of story. That's what happened. Whereas Veronica would write to her friends, I've met the most wonderful man on this earth. He is handsome, nice humorous, wonderful, fantastic Chinese, exciting different. Her friends said that she saw it like a real marriage. I mean to describe their relationship.


She's so invested. Like there were these naturally very giggly feelings. They said, there's a certain uncertainty. You know, does he like me? Does he like somebody else? Is he in love with me? What is he doing right now? Why doesn't he respond to me? All of those things. Veronica was feeling it. And if Lynn did not feel that with Veronica, Veronica's family had no clue. He came to Sweden and the first time he makes a first impression they like him. Veronica's sister remembers him rolling up with this giant bedazzled Rolex on his wrist with diamonds. She says, I think he wanted to show us that he was wise, like he had his life together. 'cause he was wearing a suit, a full on suit. And it was kind of off-putting, but also kind of cute because at that time we were living in like the countryside and he just stuck out like a sore thumb.


But I guess it's a good sign, right? Because he's trying so hard to win Veronica's family over and he cares. Veronica's dad said, oh, he did not fit in here at all. He looked a bit funny, honestly, but he liked my daughter and that was enough for me. They got along well. That was enough for me. So the two try to play house in Sweden, but like that's a problem with playing house with billionaires. They can afford multiple houses. So he's not even just into the Sweden house. He's going to China for a work nonstop where he is just cheating on her in a string of different affairs. He's only coming home a few times a year to his wife and child. He always calls ahead. He stays with the parents every single time.


Except the last time he Didn't want Veronica to be in China. No. So I, I'm assuming like he kind of wanted her to be away And Yes, and like none of the news was broken in China. Nobody knew that he had like a whole Swedish family. Mm. I see. According to Lynn, the reason that he came to Sweden around the time that Veronica was murdered, I mean it was the whole last minute business trip. In fact, the original plan was always to go to the UK and Italy. But he thought, I have a few days open on my schedule. Why not pass through Sweden, visit my wife and my baby. He was recovering from jet lag. That's why he went to the Sheraton Hotel instead of, you know, hanging out with his in-laws. He had met with a business partner before, you know, so all of Lynn's movements could be tracked.


He was indeed with a business partner around the time that Veronica went missing. And they're just going through the city being caught on different CCTV cameras. Really? Yeah. The authorities actually get to ask Lynn because they extradite him 13 years after the murder to stand trial. Yeah, we'll get there once. Yeah. He ends up standing trial for the murder later on. But it took 13 years. Yes. Because immediately after Veronica was found dead, they realized that Lynn had gotten back to China. The Swedish authorities went to China, but there's no extradition treaty. And Lynn was like, I've got my lawyers. I'm not talking to you about anything. There was no way to force him back to Sweden.


Okay. So technically one of the wealthiest members of a Chinese billionaire Dynasty family was an international fugitive, Right? For decades. Okay. And kind of still is.


Recently, a few weeks back, a couple of family friends, my husband And I had the most memorable game night ever. Everyone was getting so into the game. And it's all thanks to Hunter, a killer Hunter. A killer is an immersive murder mystery game that turns your dining table into your very own detective story. One of my favorite features is that each case has a curated set of case files, like witness statements, autopsy reports, and often include interactive elements like websites to visit, or real phone numbers to call or ciphers to decode. There are also physical pieces of evidence included that are so meticulously detailed. I literally started method acting as a detective, which got everybody else into it, and suddenly it was like we were on the set of law and order. Everything included in a hunter killer case set just looks and feels so real that you literally get drawn in. There were parts throughout the night where we were excitedly shouting over each other, where we all groaned in frustration. Other parts where everybody was silent because we were just holding our breath. And the last part was by far my favorite part. It's that moment where you finally hunt the killer and you catch them. Getting to this moment is like the peak of the game for me. And you don't even need a big group of friends or special game night to have your aha moment. All you need is Hunter a killer. Whether you're cracking the case solo teaming up with your partner for an unconventional date night, or even collaborating with friends. So if you're ready to test your investigative skills, hunter, a killer has got you covered. Start your investigation today with one of the many hunter killer murder mystery games available at Amazon, Walmart, and Target. Seriously, you won't regret it. Happy hunting.


Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 2025 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected. And both Camry and Corolla are available. With all wheel drive, giving you the control to go beyond quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit. Buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


He says, honestly, Veronica filed for divorce two months ago because we couldn't come to terms on property division and custody rights. It was complicated. The divorce was constantly getting delayed, which is part of the reason that I took a few days to come see her. And as for why the relationship fell apart, he tells Swedish authorities, you know, at the time I really liked Veronica, but then I discovered some really negative things about her. She's very emotional, very impulsive, but I wasn't so sure about her feelings for me. Although we discussed the marriage plan, you know, we weren't sure. So the decision to marry initially anyway was not unanimous. Veronica took advantage of me if I didn't pay child support, according to her demands, she wouldn't let me see my son.


She took advantage of my love for Marcus to satisfy her own needs, which is a very strange thing to say, considering he doesn't even make it to the birth of his son. Marcus I mean he's so busy cheating on his wife. So he's like never present. But I digress. Furthermore, he's not even sending much money for Veronica and Marcus to survive comfortably. He was sending about a thousand dollars a month, which, okay, I get it. That's not no money, right? But this is his nephew is Wong. Sutton. Yeah. Yeah. This guy spends double Wong Sutton spends double that on dog food for his husky. Every single month he spends like $2,000 on dog food for his husky And.


now Lynn is over here sending half of that for his wife and child living in Sweden. That is nothing for Lynn. In fact, it's almost insulting because even if he gave Veronica and Marcus two times that three times that he won't feel a single dent. But Veronica and Marcus would likely have exponentially, drastically changed lives. And somehow he still finds a way to be demanding. He demands that with as little effort, with as little money as possible. I want Marcus for three months of the year in China without you, Veronica, just me and Marcus. Veronica was like, well, I do want my son to have a dad. So fine. It's a big demand. But she would let it happen until she found out that every time Marcus would go to China, Lynn would just drag him around to clubs exposing this little infant to alcohol, letting random young girls hold the baby.


Watch the baby. Wow. And she's like, that's never gonna happen again. So just three months prior to Veronica's death, she files for divorce. In the divorce, she demands three things. Lynn should pay the child support that is owed. Lynn should split assets that he owed. And three, she wants full custody of Marcus. 48 hours before Veronica goes missing. Lynn emails her, be careful of pressuring me. I love Marcus more than you do. I will go to Sweden and have a serious talk with you. Veronica responds, if you wanna fight with me, that's up to you. To which Lynn responds, do not force me and bully me too much. I believe I love Marcus more than you do.


Wait, so after Veronica passed, Marcus was in Sweden, or Marcus is in Sweden. So after the Veronica passed, Marcus just stayed in Sweden. Never went to China? No. He stayed with his grandparents. Okay, so he didn't take Marcus away after Veronica passed? No. Okay. Because I don't think he could. Oh, okay. Because the minute that he goes back to Sweden to try and get Marcus back, he's gonna get arrested Probably. Okay. I see 48 hours after that email, Veronica is found dead, just one unit down from her family home. And Lynn technically walks free. He's back in China, and it wouldn't be until many, many years later that he changes his passport name, travels to the UK with a different name on his passport.


So it's not a fake passport. It's not illegal per se, but he did change his name. Now British authorities recognize him through facial recognition technology and promptly arrest him. You're kidding. He's wanted, yes. 13 years later. Oh, so he's been wanted. Yeah, the whole Time. And nobody in China knew, And they literally couldn't get him. No. Until he travels. Aboard, yes. Wow. So the British authorities, they extradite him to Sweden for his trial. If he hadn't, by this point in the trial, his second wife is already dead. Veronica was murdered in 2003. His new wife, Lily, was found dead in 2013 in Thailand.


He gets extradited in 2014 and stands trial in Sweden. So by the point that he stands trial for his first wife's murder, both of his wifes are dead. Okay. If he hadn't left China, he likely would've never even stood trial for Veronica's murder. Now, Lynn has been accused of conspiracy to commit murder by hiring a hit man to kill Veronica because the blood that was found in the Sheratan hotel is not Lynn's and Lynn has an airtight alibi, and people cannot wrap their minds around the idea that Lynn himself would commit the Murders. It seems like he had hired somebody to do it. So he, so he hired someone, allegedly, this is the prosecutor's argument.


He hired someone, a hitman to go kill Mr. Tang, bury him, then kill Veronica, then frame Mr. Tang. And that hitman came to his hotel to either clean up or tell him the job is done, provide proof, allegedly. Okay. So that blood found is not Mr. Lynn. To This day, we don't know who that blood belongs to. What They have not found a hitman in connection. I think it's also very difficult because Swedish authorities cannot get all of his bank statements from China, likely any transfers of cash. I think that there's a huge culture and investigation clash that they're unable to access. I see.


So to this day, they don't know who actually did the killing. The prosecutors do not believe that Lynn was the one that was holding the knife or strangling someone. Now, Lynn tells authorities that he was in Europe, Europe for business. But that's a lie because after leaving Sweden, remember how he said he was gonna go to the UK and Italy for business? He goes straight to the uk, and the next thing he does is book a flight to China. He just stops by the uk. That's it. Two Lynn's last messages to Veronica prove that he has a motive to kill Veronica. Three on the night of both Mr. Tang and Veronica's deaths hotel employees at the Sheraton Hotel State, Lynn had this tall Asian man entering Lynn's hotel room twice.


Prosecutors believe that that is a hit man. And four prosecutors argued that Lynn changed his name multiple times to receive documentation so he could travel without being extradited to Sweden. Lynn's defense argued, which side note, he had three highly compensated attorneys ing him, which is very rare in Sweden, where most defendants, they opt to be represented by public defenders. On top of that, every day in court, Lynn is rolling up to the defense table with a better suit than all of his high powered attorneys. They argue, first of all, lying to the authorities about your business plans is hardly evidence of intent to commit a double homicide. Besides, he could have just had a change of plans.


Second, he has a solid alibi, and that tall Asian man that came to his hotel room does not prove anything that feels a little racist. The courts were unable to find that man. Any transaction that would indicate that Lynn hired a hit man, they couldn't find any proof of that. So the defense claims all of this is circumstantial. Also, he changed his name frequently because in China there are provincial rules, like each individual can only own a certain number of properties. So he's trying to bypass those, those regulations. Like many other successful businessmen in China, they have 5 million different names and all those questions that he cannot find appropriate answers to during this trial. Well, that's because the murder happened so many years ago. You know this very long time.


He can't remember those details. He was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison. Wow. Veronica's dad said this completely changed how he saw Lynn as a person. He said my relationship with him changed overnight from maybe never liking him, but accepting him because my daughter loved him and finding him quite nice to me. And then again, to really hating him, really, I found him guilty. Unbeknownst to the rest of Veronica's family, Lynn had a new plan. He and his attorneys filed for an appeal stating that a juror, one of the 12 jurors that sentenced him to life in prison was biased and unqualified to be a juror. If this accusation is true, that means Lynn would be released from prison and freed of all of his charges.


He would likely have to undergo a retrial, but he would be free until that happens free and nobody could stop him from leaving the country. That's crazy. So what did the juror do? This juror went on to tweet about Lynn sharing articles about Lynn directly talking about how Lynn was evading arrest by changing his name multiple times. He would tweet something along the lines of several different identities. But hey, what do I know? That is like the most reckless thing a juror can do, but naturally it gets worse. The same juror posted pictures of face on Facebook of Hitler. Lynn's attorneys argue, Lynn believes that the image on the juror's Facebook profile suggests that during the trial, the juror intended to publicly align himself with the values historically associated with those in the photo.


Hitler was namely racist, xenophobic. And that is particularly concerning, given that the juror was handling a case involving Lynn, an Asian defendant on matters that touch upon these issues. Ultimately, the court upholds Lynn's objection, and the case is thrown out Just like That. Just like that. What? Since Lynn is technically acquitted for his charges, he is released on the spot. He goes straight from the courthouse directly to the airport, boards a plane, and heads back to China, where again, there are no extradition treaties. The authorities were really shocked too, because yes, one juror is bad, but still they say when you look at the crime, you understand how big the planning must have been for this, he's gonna need an alibi, he's gonna need someone else to carry it out a hitman.


There's so much planning involved. Veronica's sister said it was not an impulsive action. This was very well planned. And. now he's just gonna be free, even though he's a bad person. Not only that, but Lynn is also entitled to financial compensation. He will be paid $400,000 in taxpayer money from Sweden for his legal fees, because he was acquitted. He actually requested $800,000, but was awarded over $400,000, which is still unbelievable. Technically. I guess one could say that Lynn, one of the most high profile businessmen in China, linked to a billionaire family, is an international fugitive because Sweden, they wanna retry him.


When he was released and headed back to China, Veronica's dad said, I became weak. I was angry at my own incompetence. I couldn't do anything. It's very hard to explain. I was angry at myself. I was angry at the whole world. In China, the online post from 2014 from the alleged member of Lily's family has been deleted, and most of the reposting and commenting forms have been wiped, if you will. There's barely any information on Uncle Blue Beard or Veronica or Lily for that matter. It wasn't until this year that things started gaining traction again because Lynn has been questioned by Chinese authorities who have stated that they are investigating him for a homicide.


One of the homicides, Or yes, it seems like it's Veronica's, really. So we don't know if China is going to extradite him, even though there is no extradition treaty. We don't know if he's gonna be tried in China. We don't know if they're gonna investigate Lily's death. So we don't know. Many medicines do believe that the Wang family are using money to suppress the conversation around this case, though they've noticed that just six months after, oh, this is also crazy. Just six months after Lily's death, Wong Suton brought a group of influencers to the exact villa in Thailand for a party. But even when people post about that, it gets taken down. You're talking about the the Lotus three resort? Yes.


Hmm. They're like, Hey, did you know Wong Suton was there six months after his aunt died in the pool? And it just gets taken down. People are like, Ooh, let's just not talk about this Shady. So earlier you mentioned Marcus, the son, right? He was writing a letter to his dad. Yes. So Marcus was told that both of his parents died in a car accident. When he turns eight, he discovers that cassette tape. He does not tell his grandparents. In fact, it's not until years later when he's in his teenage years that his grandparents sit him down to tell him the truth, and he tells 'em, I already knew. So then he tries to process these emotions once again.


And recently in his twenties, he's worked on a documentary in Sweden called Veronica Lynn and the Chinese millionaire, where he is just, this is how he describes it. Marcus says he's confused. He said, for so long he just tried to deny half of his life, his Chinese side. But now he just wants answers. He's hired a Chinese researcher to help him track down his dad in China. He's learning Mandarin. So once he reunites with him, he can ask him all the questions he wants. And he said the whole thing was just shocking. You know, it turns out that Lynn is not even behind the scenes in his companies in China. He's invested into multiple large pharmaceutical companies.


He does seminars where he teaches others on how to do what he's done. Marcus says, I was a little surprised. I thought he would've had a bit of a lower profile and not be in the picture. But because of the whole trial and the fact that he was internationally wanted, we were able to get a phone number that was connected to Lynn. And so he reaches out, he calls that phone number. Someone picks up, hi, can I speak with Lynn Yu? I think you have the wrong number. Sorry. But it sounded exactly like Lynn Does. Lynn? Okay. If it was Lynn, does Lynn know this is Marcus? Yeah, It's, he said, this is Marcus.


Wow. That's Wow. Marcus says, I am relatively certain that it was my father that we got in touch with. The fact that he doesn't want to have any conversation at all, but just denied that it was him is of course a little sad, but it was very shocking. And maybe he just wasn't ready to take the call. Marcus says, you know, you can say what you want about my father. I myself know that the world is not black or white. You don't choose who you have as a father. You don't choose who you have as a son, but you still wanna hear from that person's perspective and try to understand that person. So it seems like he just wants closure answers something. Now, as for Veronica's dad, he says, I feel differently.


You know, every single month I write down the number of days that has passed since Veronica has left. Every month I write down how many days have passed. I still have this fantasy where I retire, And, I, travel to China, And, I kill Lynn. I probably never will, but I could And, I almost want to, 'cause I have to vent my feelings of hatred towards him Somehow. When they take your child away from you, there is probably no end to the nasty thoughts you can have. And one can imagine that there's three separate families out there feeling this way. Again, not stating that Lynn is guilty, he's been legally acquitted as of right now. But Mr. Tang, Veronica, Lily's families, they're all left without answers.


And Lynn is somewhat still free. Rich and with a daughter. Marcus's half sister From another wife. Yeah. Oh, he's remarried third time? I believe So. Wow. In China. In China, Wow. And that is the story of Wong Sutton's uncle, the blue beard of China. There's really no answers. That's crazy. So he's around, he's in China, he's free. Chinese Authorities have stated that they are investigating him. They're kind of wishy-washy. It doesn't seem like they've detained him, but it seems like we don't know. They looking into it. I mean, China's pretty tight-lipped about stuff like this.


Wow. So that's where we're at. And Marcus is just In Sweden. He just wants answers. Hmm. I think maybe the older he gets, the more he just wants to know. And he's technically Juan Sutton's cousin. Yes. Wow. That's crazy. Yeah. And he saw videos of Mon Suton and he said, it's so weird to think that that's my cousin. It's, yeah. And so many people in China don't even know that Wong Ong has a Swedish cousin. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. So that is potentially maybe the next plot of White Lotus three. We don't know, maybe there are other mysteries to be explored, or maybe it's completely fictional.


But it should be interesting to see what are your thoughts? What do you think happened? And what do you think is going to happen to Lynn now? Let me know in the comments and be safe, and I'll see you in the next one.