
Ramble.


Why get all your holiday decorations delivered through Instacart? Because maybe you only bought two wreaths, but you have 12 windows. Or maybe your toddler got very eager with the advent calendar, or maybe the inflatable snowman didn't make it through the snowstorm, or maybe the twinkle lights aren't twinkling. Whatever the reason this season, Instacart's here for hosts and their whole holiday hall. Get decorations from the Home Depot, CVS and more through Instacart and enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees.


In terms of why


Do you know the number one thing that surprises engaged couples? Take a guess This sheer amount of decisions I have to make while planning a wedding, indoors or outdoors, how many guests are kids invited? Controversial, which cake flavor? Seriously? How do you even begin to figure out what's right for you? That's where Zola comes in. Zola has everything you need to make every wedding decision a piece of cake from choosing your dream wedding venue and vendors to deciding how to best spend your budget with tons of customizable wedding websites. Save the dates and invites. Every detail will feel like you. Zola will even help you choose the gifts, experiences, and cash funds you really want. The next thing you know you've planned your whole wedding all in one place from getting engaged to getting married. Zola has everything you need to plan your wedding in one place. Start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com.


Badabing bad. There's four ways that this is gonna play out for Javier. If he is telling the truth, maybe he can help save the world or the world can maybe save Javier because if he is trapped like he says he is, he's gonna die very soon. If he's not telling the truth, he will either make a lot of money or he will get caught and shamed. These are the only options left for him. Now, in 2021, Javier starts posting his first few videos on TikTok. It seems like warnings For us. I don't know. For humanity. That's what it feels like. Javier starts by explaining. He does not remember what happened or how it happened.


He just remembers. He woke up in the hospital one day, he's hooked up to a bunch of machines in the hospital bed. He doesn't know how or why he's in the hospital, but he gets up from the bed and it's eerily quiet. The machines aren't making any noise. He gets up and starts walking out of his large hospital room and it's so strange. Hello? There's nobody in the hallway. There's not a single nurse. I mean hospitals are one of the few places that regardless of the time of day, there's activity. He walks down the long corridor. He's peering into each room that he passes that have all these hospital beds, all these machines expecting fellow sick patients or people crying, coughing machines, beeping nothing.


It's dead silent. He starts getting freaked out because what do you mean nothing? And nobody is at this hospital? Hospital. How is he completely alone? How is he even in the hospital to begin with? How the hell is that possible? He runs out the hospital. Same thing. Streets are empty. There's not a single person in any of the businesses that are nearby. There's cars parked. Nobody's in them. They're cold. If he touches the hood, they're ice cold. They haven't been on or running in a very long time. What the hell is happening? He manages to get his phone. He takes a video and he posts it online. He writes in the TikTok. I woke up in a hospital. Humanity has gone extinct. There is no one in the shopping centers. The date today is February 13th, 2027.


What? From there, Javier starts posting tiktoks of all these empty streets. Every time he's walking around in a public place, it's completely empty. You don't see a single person. You don't even see a shadow of a person. The stores that he is walking through are completely empty. He posts empty hospitals, airports. He even goes to a police station that's completely empty, finds the keys to one of the squad cars gets inside I mean. Of course, medicines are going crazy with these viral tiktoks. They're very skeptical. Honestly. Some are enjoying it for what it is, which is entertainment. But others think that he's playing tricks, right? Maybe he filmed this during the pandemic and he is just now posting them like a year later.


Or perhaps he goes to all these places super early in the morning to film before the city wakes up. So yeah, I mean obviously nobody's there, which leads Javier to leaving these secret packages in tourist heavy spots. He's trying to prove because he's like, I read your comments. I'm from 2027 and nobody is here in order to prove it to you. I will leave a package somewhere very secretive. He goes to a tourist heavy spot, leaves a package, nobody's there. Fellow Edisons will go to the same spot. It's filled with people and the package is there. Wait, I don't get it. If he's from 2027 and he leaves a package, how would we find it in 2021 or 2022?


Yeah, nobody knows. That doesn't make sense. The timeline is not adding up, right? The timeline isn't making any sense. Yes, but Javier is like, for some reason it's happening. Other things Javier has done to try and convince the internet that he's from the future is going out during the night to show that he's not just out during the early morning hours. He also has gone to highly secured locations, historic landmarks, hospitals, airport, backrooms stadiums, medical labs, usually places that a random person cannot just walk through for fun or for filming or just to take a look around. He's even walked into a Mercedes dealership, taken a key and just driven off I mean. Evidently Mercedes cars run so well that even after sitting there for years, they're still drivable.


The videos are entertaining due to the mere fact that it is weird and strange and eerie to see just so many public places be so empty. However, there's probably an easy explanation to how Javier is filming these tiktoks. It's conceivable that he was able to obtain filming permits, or maybe it's explained that he's friendly with authorities or maybe he's part of the authorities. Maybe he's a cop and he has the ability to get clearance to go into these locations. Or who knows, maybe he's a game developer who's capable of c ging, everyone out of scenes, and this is part of a game that he's working on, so he is testing it out and generating conversation for his future project. That could make sense.


Is he still doing it today? Yes. Really? It's been going on for years. Yes. Wow. But it just can't be true, right? That Javier is from the future because nobody is from the future, right? August 10th, 2020 4, 6 45 in the morning, there are at least five Miami based paramedics in the area. That's not even including the other authorities, the police, just paramedics surrounding this little blonde woman. She's laying on the pavement, shirtless and She tells them the aliens. One of the paramedics leans down.


Excuse me. They're coming. They're coming. They're coming. They're coming. They're coming. What? I'm from the future. I'm a crystal ball. You can live off me. I later they ask her, do you know what happened? Do you remember what happened? And she responds, yeah, I died. The authorities are very interested in what she has to say because obviously there's no way she's from the future, right? I mean how does one die and come back to life like that? But more importantly, just a block away from where she was claiming that the aliens are coming. There are two people who have been killed and they're not coming back.


This episode is sponsored by Better Help Give Online Therapy a try at Better help.com/rotten and get on your way to being your best self. November is the month of gratitude and Thanksgiving, and in the spirit of the holiday, I'd like to shout out my sister. She recently started helping us around the house despite everything she has going on, which really means so much, she's literally been there and known me for my entire life. And I can't thank her enough. Another person who knows you and your entire life and that you don't get to think enough is yourself. I mean. Yeah. The holidays are sometimes about giving gratitude, celebrating with your loved ones, but I'm here to reassure you that the holidays can also be for yourself. Going on vacation, taking time off work, taking time for yourself, and taking time to try out Therapy. You could even do both at the same time. With better help. Better Help offers access to licensed, trained and experienced professionals in a convenient and personalized online format. They make professional therapy simple and easy to access on your own schedule. All you have to do is take a brief online questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist, and if you wanna find a new match, you may switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Let the Gratitude Flow with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/rotten today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com/rotten.


The holidays are the perfect opportunity to spend time with family exchange gifts and even pick up a new hobby. I don't know, there's something about New Year's being right around the corner. I'm like, I am about to do something crazy this year, but what if I told you you could do all of that in One Go Rosetta. Stone is the most trusted language learning program available on desktop or as an app, and it truly immerses you in the language that you wanna learn. So for example, I have a family friend who is learning her grandparents' native language with Rosetta Stone or For us. My nieces are about to start going to international school where they're gonna learn Mandarin. I don't speak Mandarin fluently yet, but I have been learning through Rosetta Stone so that we can all be able to enjoy a different culture and a different language together. It's also really enjoyable and it just feels very intuitive. You have 25 languages to choose from. That's like 25 gifts in one, and it's amazing because Rosetta Stone meets you exactly where you're at, no matter what stage of the learning process you are in, and if I ever want to pause on my Chinese and pick up Spanish, French, Italian, German, Korean, Japanese, Dutch, Arabic, Polish, or more I mean I totally can't. With Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership, Rosetta Stone has been the trusted language learning expert for 30 years, teaching new languages to millions of customers, spreading culture and diversity in an authentic way that promotes fast language acquisition. Rosetta Stone even has a built-in true accent feature that gives you feedback on your pronunciation like a real teacher or a native speaker would. So don't put off learning that language. There is no better time than right now to get started. For a short time Rotten Mingle, listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership holiday special. This offer will not last long. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your holiday offer at Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. Today. For yourself or as a gift that keeps giving,


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the JED Foundation. The JED Foundation is a nonprofit that exists to protect emotional health and prevent substance misuse in our nation's, teens and young adults. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team, and we would also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available about Rotten Mango podcast.com. With that being said, let's get into it. I have a question for you. If you are walking on the sidewalk, it's morning so it's bright outside. There's people everywhere. You're walking north when suddenly all the morning joggers, all the fellow pedestrians start running in the opposite direction as you.


What do you do? Do you keep going north where they're running from, or do you turn and start running with them and nobody's really telling you what's going on? They're just running Like they're panic, screaming, running? Yeah, Like they look like they're on a mission. Something has happened. They're running either away from something or to something. Oh, yeah, I'm U-Turn. You're U-turn. Yeah, that's exactly what Macy Lathers does. She's wearing blue jeans, a red hoodie. The hood is pulled over her head and she's briskly walking in one direction. There's CCTV footage of her. She's like 24 right now. Clearly, she is not out for a morning jog. She's wearing jeans, but she does seem like she's sort of in a rush for something.


She's walking north, let's say, when a bunch of people start running in the opposite direction, and she has this moment where she hesitates, but maybe someone says something to her Because. she immediately u-turns it around. 180, joins the crowd and starts running from where she was coming from. Mm. Makes a full U-turn, which takes her straight to the street where there are three cars that look like they have been chewed up and spit out. On a random Miami road. There are firefighters descending. There's one car that's, they're having to pry open this crumbled piece of metal. A piece of the car has to come off so that they can get the victim out.


There's three cars, a white Mercedes, a black Range Rover, and a silver Suzuki. It appears that the white Mercedes ran the red lights going 80 on a 30 road, slammed into the Black Range Rover, the Black Range Rover, and the white Mercedes then both slammed into the silver Suzuki. It caused all three cars to be completely smashed. Ultimately, the driver of the Black Range Rover is rushed to the hospital injured, but alive. Two passengers in the silver Suzuki, Abraham Molina and his friend Jesus Rubio. They were in the backseat, headed to work, and the collision killed them. The driver of the Suzuki that was in the car with them. Abraham's wife, Juan, was rushed to the hospital where she managed to survive, which means two passengers are dead.


The driver of the Range Rover survived. The driver of the Suzuki survived, but she lost her husband and her friend then who was driving the white Mercedes, as the police are trying to figure that out a block away. Macy the one that was running with the red hoodie. She is seen. She's the one that U-turned right. She manages to slip away from the crowd where one block away. She's now on the ground throwing up just in the middle of the street. There's so much going on at 6 45 in the morning on this Miami intersection. She's now completely topless. Her red hoodie is off, and it's maybe like 200 feet down the road. Wait, wait, wait. She, she made a U-turn, Ran back from where she was coming from.


There's three cars piled up, and then she takes a turn and starts running down a block, but somehow her top is off, her shirt comes off. She's completely topless in the middle of a street, and she just left her red hoodie like 200 feet behind her. What? Okay. There are two officers standing there guarding the scene and guarding Macy. In a sense, it appears like they're trying to get her up, but it's not working very well. I mean the whole thing is difficult. She's kind of slugging around on the pavement. There's a whole group of construction workers watching the whole thing unfold. Some of them are filming, which is alarming, considering she's topless, but nevertheless, there's this big wet patch on her pants.


Evidently, she peed herself and eventually the officers give up on trying to get her up. They're confused on what's going on. There's a female officer on site who looks like she's thinking through if this career path is even worth it, and in the perfect timing, Macy is on the pavement screaming. Ah. They ask her, ma'am, what car were you driving? My name is Mercedes. My name is Mercedes. Is her name Mercedes or Macy? It's Macy. Oh, okay. It's not Mercedes. No, but she was driving Mercedes? Yes. Okay. The male cop has to tell her, calm down, calm down, calm down.


I'm from the future. Awesome. Amazing. I have a crystal ball. Ma'am. What did you take? Sy? Pink. Pink, pink, pink, pink, pink. Oh fuck. In Columbia, there is a woman, not many people know her real name. They just call her the Queen of Tui. She is the head of this organization called Le prea, which translates to the enterprise. They run the TUI trafficking ring in that region, and it's a fully fledged corporation, if you will, with manufacturing drop and shipment safe houses that are connected by underground tunnels in that region. Each safe house is guarded 24 7 by men with giant machine guns, and typically nobody is allowed in or out unless they're part of the enterprise, until a vice journalist decides, I'm gonna go in there and film a YouTube video, full body pat down.


That's what it starts with. Only then is the vice team allowed into one of the safe houses to see the supplies, and it's just these giant bags of pink powdery substance. Wait, they let the vice team come to film? Yes. Yes. Oh, okay. So it's not a secret filming. It's agreed upon. Yes. Okay. And there's just these pink powdery substances in bags called tousi. It looks like sugar dyed pink. It looks like something my nieces would bake with. As for what the pink powder is, that depends on who and when you buy it, and even then, each time you could get something else entirely. Mostly it'll be some sort of variation or mixture of ketamine, which technically can be used to treat medical conditions.


Some patients will be prescribed it to treat pain management, as well as mental health treatment mixed with M-D-M-A-A-K-A ecstasy or Molly mixed with meth sometimes and potentially even fentanyl. Believe it or not, some drug traffickers will even add caffeine to it to bulk it up. Some say it enhances the experience because caffeine is a stimulant, but most traffickers who care about profit margins will say caffeine is legal. It's relatively cheap. It bulks up the mixture. You're adding powder and it's sold by weight, and it reduces production costs while still providing the stimulating effects. These days, the pink powder is known as pink cocaine or two c hmm.


Yeah. It contains relatively no cocaine nowadays, nor does it contain two cb. Two cb. It's what it's named after two. CB was actually first synthesized by Dr. Alexander Shulgin. He's an American pharmacologist who is known for creating over 150 drugs throughout his career. He's actually quite a fascinating character. He was well known for willingly testing his creations on himself for documentation purposes. He said in his book, he writes that two CB was by far one of his fondest creations. I mean his whole career. He said he was focused heavily on creating psychedelic compounds that could be used for therapeutic treatments.


Therapists who have tried two CB with their patients said, you know, it actually was pretty helpful. It just created an open space to talk to the patients where they could access their emotions that They would never normally open up about. It would be normally guarded off. It feels mild, not too harsh of a drug that shocks the patients into some sort of reaction. It doesn't leave them confused afterwards. It's actually quite gentle, at least the way that we've trialed it. That is a lot of therapists liked what they were saying, but everything kind of falls apart. When two CB starts getting marketed as a way to increase stamina in intimate settings. People start using it recreationally so that they can see each other naked.


The DEA freaks out because when used recreationally, the effects are unpredictable. If you take too much, two CB and some people have reported when they took too much, they become irrationally violent. They don't identify as violent or angry people, but they'll take it and they just wanna choke someone. They classify two CB as a schedule one controlled substance right up there with heroin, opium, and cocaine, meaning the DEA has deemed the drug, one of having a high potential for abuse, and two, having no accepted medical use in the United States. So two CB is completely illegal, not even just on the street level, but on the medical level as well. Is that doctor still around who created it?


I believe so. He might be. Wow. It seems like in the very low dosages, like I said, some patients have noted becoming passive, but the high doses people also report having these intense hallucinations, morbid delusions, where they just start doing violent things. Sometimes that lasts up for 12 hours. Some experts believe that the visual hallucinations are stronger than what you get on LSD or even shrooms, and it has been argued that the potential medical benefits are not really there. Additionally, the potential dangers of the drug just might not be worth it either. For society two C, even though it's named after two cb, the chemical compound, it no longer contains really any two cb.


Okay, so it's called pink cocaine nowadays doesn't really contain cocaine. It was called two C after two. CB doesn't really contain any two CB nowadays. That's so odd. Why they do that? It's cheaper, more affordable. Okay. Ketamine, Molly, add those in with caffeine. Bulk it up. Okay, so they're just using the same name? Yes. Okay. Yeah, it's just, it's, the whole thing is very dangerous because every trafficker makes two seed differently, and sometimes each time that they make it, it's different. One Zen writes, it's not a real drug, you guys. It's a Frankenstein monster, a random shit that should almost always be avoided unless you send it to a lab for testing. Another zen said it's the fish soup of drugs.


Do not buy the fish soup. One of the cartel members states, TUI is like an explosion that has arrived in the world, and it's here to stay for a long time. It's a gold mine. It's a number one among young kids. It's for kids who don't wanna sleep for three to four days. Yeah, The queen of TUI even states, the pink color attracts more people. You know? We know the harm it causes in the central nervous system, so I don't use it. Wow. But now the vice journalist is standing in the queen of two C safe house with armed guards telling him you should try it. And he's like, what? And they're serious. They're not really giggling with him, and he is like, oh, no, no, no, no. Thank you. Thank you though.


Thank you very much though this time they're a little more firm. They're trying to signal to him in a subtle way that they're not joking. They do want him to try it. They point a machine gun at him. Try it. Okay, I'll try a little bit. That is how he gains their trust. That is how he tries pink cocaine on video. I don't understand what's going on. Like, Yeah, Why? Why are they allowing this guy to come in and record all of this? I don't know. Just flexing like, what's going on? Nobody knows. Yeah. I mean he ends up trying to see for the first time that night, and only then do they invite him to see how they make the products. I'm not entirely sure what I was expecting, but I definitely wasn't expecting a cartel member to be in front of a stove with a normal pan, adding random dashes of liquid ketamine, sprinkling and ecstasy, food coloring, and then he would take his gun and mashup pills using his gun like a pestle.


And at one point, the vice journalist asks him, have you ever thought about buying a professional grinder? The quote, unquote, chef stops grinding the pills with the back of his gun. Looks up at the journalist. What? No. He goes back to sauteing the now pink mixture on the stove using two credit cards as cooking utensils. Just saing it in his downtime as he is letting it simmer. He takes hits from his crack pipe. It's crazy. Their operations, just this one enterprise alone, cooking on this stove brings in $20 million a year from the pink powder. So you're saying the visual looks just like those movies? Yes. Like guns and credit cards, and yes, they're taking the hits at the same time.


It's just like the movies. Just Like the movies, one doctor says people can die, and the worst part about it is there's really no quality control out there on the street, so you don't really know what you're getting. I mean they're referring to this as cocaine, and they're making it pink because it's easier to market and easy to sell because it looks cool and it sounds like cocaine, so you're like, I know what cocaine is, but it's very concerning to law enforcement because whatever drug is out there is going to alter someone's mental state, and you don't even know what's in there. You are playing Russian roulette with these types of drugs. Everyone's concoction is going to be different from the next person's one that is in states. I got a bag of it once for me.


It was like, ketamine more so, but I was a little more awake than usual. Friend of mine tested it, but found it also had meth inside. So there's that one. Net is in claims. They've seen a supplier make a batch and said they just use whatever is left from the other drugs. They don't measure anything, like whatever's on the table just now with pink coloring. It's like leftovers. Another net isn't agrees writing. It's just a cocktail of whatever random drugs. The cartel janitor swept off the floor the previous night mixed together, and then dy pink. There is not one standardized formula for pink. Two C. One person who has been high on it says, I honestly thought I was losing my mind. I mean everything went psychotic. I saw demons everywhere.


I thought my brain broke. And. I was gonna be a left in this psychotic state for the rest of my life. I never took it since, not worth the fun. Another medicine says, same thing happened to me. It felt like time stopped. And. I was stuck in this single moment forever, and then everyone around me turned into demons. Everybody's heads all turned 180 degrees and looked directly at me and started saying, he knows, get him out. He knows, like I had unlocked some unknown reality, straight out of a scary, I still have nightmares about it to this day. Wouldn't wish that kind of trip on any of my worst enemies. Another zen rights.


I took it with my boyfriend. We quickly realized that It was gonna be a bad trip. I couldn't formulate sentences. We were completely in a different dimension, and then he got super aggressive. He couldn't recognize me. Started throwing around stuff and talking about weird things. At the point he started choking me and repeatedly saying that he wants to kill me. I was glad that I could escape because he didn't recognize me and he wasn't gonna stop. Never again after this experience. Please everyone be careful with this. That is what TUI is. That's also what Diddy has reportedly been allegedly addicted on, that all of his staff have to carry around a bag of pink cocaine. Twosie, right? That's where it's from. Yes. I see now. Tui is what Macy tells authorities she's on when she's laying one block away from a three car pile up that killed two people.


She's laying on the road completely shirtless, and she keeps saying she's from the future. She has a crystal ball, and the aliens are coming. They're coming. They're coming. They're coming, coming. I know the answer to heaven. I know. It's in the crystal. The crystal. Ah. The construction worker that is around tells the officer she was trying to jump into someone else's car. What car was she driving? The the, the white Mercedes, I think down the block. She's the one that caused the accident that just killed two people, and now she's topless on the ground talking about a crystal ball. Eventually when the paramedics come, she starts, she's just staring up at the sky.


I mean it's clear that she is urinated on herself. She's out of it. The water. The water. We live in a dome. This is the Hollywood scene. Go in the white car. My phone. ai. Oh my gosh. It's a car's at the White House. Art. We need to create art. We need to create. We need to create my mole. My mole. My mole. I died under the crash. The officers asked her, ma'am, what car were you driving? The white car. What kind of car was it? Mercedes. My name is Mercedes. My name is Mercedes. I'm from the future. I'm a crystal ball. You can live off me later in the ambulance. Paramedics ask her for her name.


What's your name? Put me in a coffin. Gold. What's your name? Macy. Love. Love You love me. You love me. You love me. You love me. You guys love me. You guys love me. Please, please. The answer is numerology. Go look at numerology. All right. Macy, do you know where you are? Yeah. Yeah, I do. Earth. You're where Earth. Yeah. We're all on earth. Do you know where you are? What city? Oh, Miami. Do you know what happened? Do you remember what happened? Yeah. I died. She's laying there staring at the wall of the ambulance, I don't know, into the crystal ball, into the void.


Just repeating like a voice note on repeat. Pink. Two C, pink. Two C, pink two C. Go, go, go. Now, go now, now, now. Go. Go, go, go, go. Go. Pink. PPP, p, p, p, P, p, P. The answer is in the sun. Go to the sun. Go in the sun. The answer is in the sun. Look at the sun. The sun, the sun. Everyone lives at a different pace. The answer is in the crystal. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. In reality, Macy is clearly not from the future, nor can she predict when the aliens are coming to our planet with greater accuracy than your conspiracy theorist neighbor. She's high on pink, twosie. She just killed two people. The most notable thing that she's done, at least from what I can find online prior to this incident, which makes me so angry to even say this because how is this the most notable thing that she's done?


She is a self-proclaimed Instagram model, but her most notable online appearance is on a Red Pill podcast, which don't even get me started on the brain, dead things that come out of these Gremlin podcast host mouths. The host of the controversial, yet not so successful podcast loves to say things like a key that opens many locks is a master key. A lock that opens with many keys is a shitty lock. Men and women are not the same. We are not equal whatsoever. Wait, wait, wait. What? What does what? A key that opens Every lock is a master key. And then what? What? What about the lock? But A lock that opens through many keys is a shitty lock.


Okay. Okay. That that sentence makes sense, but what is he referring to? Private parts Are keys and locks. He's basically saying, Oh, so if, oh, I see. If a man, If a woman has slept with many people, right? She is a shitty person versus, but a man who has slept with many a woman Is a master key. Yeah. Huh. Wow. I don't see how is that related at all, but okay. Yeah. He's saying all of this in the episode that Macy as a guest on, he says, A man with a lot of bodies is successful. A woman with a, a lot of bodies is a failure.


A woman's value is intimately tied to how many sexual partners you've had when it comes to finding a man. Oh, yeah. No, what I was saying was, yeah, like I don't know how key and men and women are related at all. Yeah. Is what I'm saying. Yeah. I guess the only relation that he found was like, okay, you gotta stick it in. Yeah. Which is like, that's the only thing, the most ridiculous lobotomized comparison of like, okay. An adamant object. Yeah. What are you talking about? He also says, man, can't be hosed because we're the home makers. Women don't really have this concept of violence and how the world really works. In general. Most girls don't know, and that's why most girls are not fit to be leaders.


Men are better decision makers. Men are better problem solvers. They're the ones that create society. I can't really think of a female inventor in my head. What podcast is this? Fresh, fit. Fit. Fresh. Fresh to fit one of those. It's that stupid podcast. Okay. Yeah. Which to comment on that last thing, I can't really think of a female inventor in my head. You stupidity is not proof of a concept. It's like very small, limited worldview, but regardless, he continues to yap hysterically and emotionally, your opinion is irrelevant because you're not a man. The takes that these podcast hosts have are so overdone. Their whole job is to be a misogynist, and they're not even really good at that because it's not creative.


It's just very dumb. But in it, Macy responds. My name's Macy. I'm 22. I'm from upstate New York from a small town called Fort Plain. They ask highest level of education completed. I have my bachelor's in business from the University of Albany. Right now I'm a bottle girl. And, I, kind of resell things, you know, like sneaker drops, you know, shit like that. But I'm getting my real estate license. She also says, I'm celibate. I swear to God. And then she kisses her hand and sends it up to God. I'm just on a different timing. I'm just here to get opportunities and money and shit like that. After sitting through the entire hour, I think It was an hour and a half of the two Smooth brained co-hosts like Giggle ging, sharing their quote unquote independent thoughts that are just spoonfed basic red pill rhetoric you can find in one Google searcher on Reddit.


Macy says this about them. I like this. You know, it's cool what you guys are doing. No, seriously, I like you guys. Definitely have a strong mindset. And. I. Like how you know, you go hard, you know, you make it hard. For us to have our own opinions and like, good for you. Wait. She said, you, you make it hard. For us to have own opinions and good for you. Yeah. She, she does make it clear that she does not agree with their viewpoints. But the same thing that can be applied for the Red Pill podcast host and Macy is there's a quote. Okay? It goes, remember when you are dead, you do not know that you are dead. It is only painful for others around you. The same applies for when you are stupid. These are the podcast hosts.


This is Macy. They're all on the same side.


There are a lot of things that just kind of happen on a day-to-day basis that improve our lives tenfold and don't require much thought. They just kind of work so well. It feels like magic, like Bluetooth, wifi. I cannot explain to you exactly how it works, but I know that I love it. And. I need it every single day. And one of the best things to improve my life tenfold, something that works so well, it's both literally and metaphorically. Magic is Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch or online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scent soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you even turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading e-commerce platforms and sell more with less effort thanks to their actual Shopify magic, your AI powered All Star. My favorite part about Shopify, if you haven't already guessed, is Shopify Magic. First of all, it's free for every Shopify seller. It generates instant FAQ answers, crafts, blog posts, product descriptions, and so much more. And there is a reason that Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Roth's, Brooklynn, and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way. Because businesses that Grow, grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash rotten, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash rotten now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in. Shopify dot com slash rotten.


If you guys don't know, the namesake of this podcast is my dog Mango. She's basically the light of my life, but she is not without her own vices. Her favorite is dest, stuffing a toy that I just gave her, ripping off the eyes, ears of any stuffed animal and then demanding another toy, which I do enable her. But how could you not? Thankfully, with Rakuten, I am able to shop for all my dog toys that Mango could ever possibly want on Chewy while saving money at the same time. Rakuten is the best way to save lots of money this holiday season because you can stack holiday sales and deals on top of cashback to maximize your savings at over 3,500 stores. Stores will be at the highest cashback rates of the year, all the way up to 15% cashback at some of your favorite brands throughout the holiday season. Here's how it works. Your favorite stores like Dyson, chewy, they pay Rakuten to send them shoppers and Rakuten passes on a part of that money to members via PayPal or check get cash back at hundreds of stores across every single category, including fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining so much more. Rakuten also finds you the best deals, sales and coupons. They do the work of searching for coupon code so you save time and money. Plus membership is free and is very easy to sign up. Join the 17 million members who are already saving. Start all of your holiday shopping@rakuten.com or download the Rakuten app to start saving today. Your cashback really adds up.


The judge presiding over this case. Well, one of the judges in this case is the honorable Mindy Glazer. She's actually quite famous. She went viral a few years ago because well, she's sitting up on the podium one day. She doesn't look particularly thrilled for the day ahead for hours. She's gonna sit there, talk to a dozen different defendants, and she's honestly just trying to get a few pieces of key information from the defendants. Are they hiring private attorneys? Do they need the court to appoint one? Have they served in the US military or the reserves? Very standard process. Routine work. Defendant comes up to the stand in their orange jumpsuit. They get sworn in. Judge Glazer asks them a few questions onto the next, it's like a factory line of people.


Next up, judge reads through his paperwork, Arthur Booth charges include burglary, grand theft, fleeing, resisting arrest. Hi, Mr. Booth, how are you? I'm okay, ma'am. You actually have three arrest affidavits, reckless driving damage to property, leaving the scene of a crash with serious injury. He looks confused with no serious injury. I'm sorry. No serious injury. The bond on count one is $7,500, and she's about to read off the rest of the bonds, but she looks down at the paperwork, looks up at the defendant, no, on their booth and starts writing things down. Okay. Mr. Booth, I have a question for you. Yes, ma'am. Did you go to Nautilus for middle school? Oh my God, I was just looking at this case.


He says yes. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. And you see Mr. Booth look very happy and surprised, and then he starts crying and rubbing his head. A lot of medicines believe in the first few moments. It's nice to see someone that you grew up with, especially in a rough situation, but also then to get hit with the reality of what's happened to you versus what happened to them and how things used to be. Yeah, he leans forward, he's hiding his face. He starts sobbing and Judge Glaser continues. I'm sorry to see you here. I always wondered what happened to you, sir. He starts wailing. Oh my goodness. And he's crying. Listen guys, this was the nicest kid in middle school.


He was the best kid in middle school. I used to play football with him and all the kids and look what happened. I'm so sorry. He keeps sobbing. Oh my goodness. Apparently he used to be a promising student, but he fell into drugs, gambling, addiction, which really set his life off course one that is in comments. He wasn't crying Because, she recognized him. He was crying because right at that moment, he realized what he had become. Another comment reads, I think the realization that at some point, more or less, they were equal in some regard. Going to the same school. I mean, obviously we don't know their personal environments, but then they took opposite paths. I'm sure with different circumstances he could have been the judge, and that must hit you really hard.


That's what Judge Mindy Glaser has gone viral for. For Macy's case, however, the judges are not nearly as empathetic in court. The judge is reviewing her case and realizes that Macy wasn't even supposed to be in the car that day. Because, she doesn't have a freaking driver's license. Furthermore, even if she wanted one, she couldn't get one because she's banned from getting a license. Her license has been suspended indefinitely. We don't know why, but we can't imagine. It's not a good reason. Mm. There's this quick back and forth between Macy's attorney and the judge where the attorney states she doesn't pose a danger to the community. She's a college graduate. She's been in the state of Florida, your Honor, for over almost two years.


So I don't think that there's anything to suggest that she's a flight risk to which the judge responds. She's an absolute danger to the community based on the killing and driving when she shouldn't have been in a car. And she's clearly impaired based on her statements. And if it wasn't for the citizens or witnesses nearby who stopped her, she would've completely fled. So it seems like she was running away in her red hoodie. Sees the crowd of people running towards the scene, and it doesn't sound like anyone says anything to her. Right? I don't know. The CCTV footage of the street level camera after the car accident where she's running away from the scene, it doesn't seem like someone says anything. It seems like she joins them Because. she knows she sticks out like a sore thumb running in the opposite direction.


Why Are they running? They saw the crash. They're trying to help. They're just Oh, really? Pedestrians joggers that are like, oh my God, we gotta go. And they're running to the scene of the crash. Oh. So she u turns runs with them, goes back to the scene of the crash, but manages to take a turn and starts running away. She takes off her top, maybe in her who knows what state she's in, maybe in that state, she thought, okay, that red hoodie is so red, people are gonna remember it, so I gotta take it off. I don't know if that's what happened. That's just a presumption. Takes it off, tries to get into somebody else's car. The construction workers stop her, then the police come and they're like, what are you doing? That's how she gets caught. But if none of these people had done anything, she would've just fled.


Right, right, right. She could've ran away, but instead she's like super, she's thinking under the influence. So she's doing a lot of weird stuff. It's like she's doing a lot of weird stuff, but clearly the motive is to flee. Right. I think even her joining the crowd is a pretty conscious decision. Right. I think if you're really out of it, you would just lay there on the scene and be like, oh my God, I'm dead. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So it's a lot of weird fleeting. Yes. So while I do think that I mean, just from my unprofessional knowledge of watching the body cam footage, she does seem high on drugs. Right. But it's very fascinating that she still makes heavy conscious decisions to flee, to get away with the crime.


Yeah. Multiple times. Even the aspect of thinking, if I'm running this way and all these people are running that way, I should probably join them. That is very, yeah, that's meticulously planned. Yeah. The chain reaction crash that she caused killed Abraham and his friend Jesus while they were both on their way to work. Her counts are two counts of DUI. Manslaughter, aggravating factor of failure to render aid, one count of DUI causing bodily injury to another one. Count. Reckless driving, causing serious injury. Three counts of driving without a driver's license, resulting an injury or death. Two counts vehicular homicide caused by failure to stop one count of leaving the scene of an accident involving death.


It seems like the defense is going to try and argue that Macy was not in her faculties during the time of the crime. Because. she was on pink cocaine. It appears that that will be quite a difficult thing to defend because regardless of the drug, she should not have been behind the wheel. She should have not taken the drug. She should have not fled the scene. The defense might even try to argue that technically she was not fleeing or leaving the scene of the accident. They might also try to claim that she was involuntarily intoxicated. That she was drugged, but she did herself admit that she took pink cocaine, pink twosie, if you will. So I'm not sure how that's gonna play out. It would also heavily impact her case considering she was driving home from a party she's not supposed to drive.


She drives to a party, does drugs, drives back home. Those are a lot of decision makings that's happening. Wait, that happened? Six, 6:40 AM you say 6:45 AM Yeah, she was driving home at 6:45 AM Wow. And since then, Juan has been unable to work since the incident. She is the driver of the Suzuki. Her husband and his friend passed, and I'm sure the idea of even driving to work will become this never ending battle against PTSD. She says, Abraham's 16-year-old son has been left without the love and care of his father, who was his entire world. I am now unable to work due to my injuries and the boy's life has been turned upside down.


Abraham's mother who lives in Nicaragua, suffers from Parkinson's disease and is now not only grieving, but also left without the financial support from her son. Juanita said that she went to court to see Macy during the bond hearing. End quote. It felt horrible seeing her. She didn't look remorseful. She's a danger to society. Those are the thoughts and things that are going on in Juanita's life. But as for Macy, if you find her Instagram, which is still active, her bio reads that she is quote, one of one Gemini lit in real life money emoji on my brain emoji. One Zen comment reads, she will now be modeling only in orange jumpsuits.


A lot of zens are also calling her out for her self-proclaimed status as a model. They comment, anyone with a cell phone camera now equals model. Another reads, what does she model? A shitty personality? Unfortunately for Macy, her most two viral pictures that she is known for as a model now are one her mugshot and two, another of her posing in front of her dented Mercedes before the accident. The caption reads hashtag 24 birthday cake emoji aging like fine wine. Wow. Other zens have pointed out to this one part in the body cam footage where Macy is being pulled outta the ambulance and she tries to tell the paramedics the devil is real.


And Zen's comment. Yeah. And it might be you. And that is the case of what has been going on with Macy Lathers, the girl that was on the Red Pill podcast, self-proclaimed Instagram model that ended up killing two people on pink cocaine. And it, I think with this, and with the Diddy case, there are a lot of mainstream news outlets now reporting the dangers of pink cocaine. And it's only getting more popular in party cities, New York City, la, Miami, or like the hotspots. So be careful because it's just, you don't even know what's in there. Mm. How can you even recreationally do that if you don't know what it is?


So please. Yeah, because it's not cocaine. It's very no misleading. It's like It could be anything. Yeah. The minute that they start adding more fentanyl into it, if not already, I mean that that could kill a Lot of people. They don't know what she's actually on. Right. Like they didn't test her Because, she said They did. Oh, just a lot of different drugs, but alcohol is not one of them. Wow. Yeah. So I mean when you test for like two C, it doesn't come up pink cocaine. It comes up like Ketamine. MDMA and Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Because. she was in what? A state that she was in. You know? That's so terrifying. That's what happens. Yeah. When you don't know what's going on at all. Yeah. This was very strange.


I know the Stephanie Mel Gza case where she was drunk driving, it's very different. This was truly, there's same and different. This was different in the sense there are moments where it's very strange to watch her. And her tone of I'm from the future, while this is all happening, is very creepy. Yeah. Like there's two people who passed away, a block away that you caused. And it's just, I'm from the future And we don't know how long she's this. It's still go ongoing. Yeah. Okay. She's gonna head into, I think, pretrial hearings soon. And that is the case as of right now. What are your thoughts? And please stay safe and I'll see you in the next one.