
Ramble. I have a secret that I wanna share with you. Okay. It's not really a secret, but I think more of you guys should know. I wanna let you guys know that you can catch this podcast not only here on YouTube, but also on Spotify, and while the show will be the same in both places, there are a few things that I love about Spotify. First of all was the recent Spotify wrapped. You guys have been sending me dms and screenshots of Rotten Mango and Mots being at the top of your podcast charts, and I just feel really connected with you guys. Secondly, Spotify is really the best platform to listen to our shows, both audio and video. Another one of my favorite things is being able to seamlessly switch between watching the video or just listening to the audio so you can enjoy the show on the couch or on the go without missing a single beat.


Also on the creator side, Spotify has been able to give me a lot of insights into what you guys like and what you guys don't like. So it's been helping me figure out what resonates the most with you and that's helped me shape this podcast into something that I hope you love and I can't wait to hear what you think about the Spotify experience. Let me know in the comments if you've checked it out, and I can't wait to see your Spotify wrap for 2025. You gotta start now.


Every holiday season starts with the best of intentions. You're thinking, I'm gonna bake that homemade pie, get all the holiday shopping done early, and then life gets in the way and don't feel bad. It happens to everybody. Luckily you've got DoorDash, like your secret holiday helper, DoorDash has you covered on gifts, groceries, and dinner for tonight. DoorDash makes it so easy. You may even feel a little bit guilty about how easy it is, but hey, no one needs to know that your pie was really store-bought or that you forgot the pumpkin spice flavoring and you had a DoorDash to you or that thoughtful gift that arrived just minutes before your guest did. It's okay. People forget. And now through the 24th, DoorDash has big deals running for the holidays from Best Buy, Ulta Beauty, Wingstop, Aldi, and More Save money and the holidays, all with DoorDash. Whether you tell people is up to you, DoorDash your door to more use code Rotten Joy, 24 for 50% off your first order. Max $10 off orders of $15 or more. Offer ends December 26th, 2024. One promo per order, not valid for orders containing alcohol terms apply.


Bad, bad. The man is wearing an olive green jacket with big pockets in the front. Most of his face is covered with a mask and he's carrying this big old backpack because Today is the day he's walking through New York City, glancing from side to side, making sure that nobody is staring at him strangely, because the last thing that he needs right now in this moment is to be stopped, questioned, or even have any sort of longstanding interaction with any New Yorker. Probably the worst case scenario would be an interaction with the NYPD, but he's not even trying to think about that because is that woman over there staring at him right now? It's fine, it's fine.


The man is on a mission. He needs to get to the destination and everything else can be figured out. Once he gets there, he walks straight into the park. In broad daylight, there's a group of girls in matching outfits wearing these plaid skirts, dancing to the K-Pop group twice this song, heart Shaker, really good song by the way. They're filming a K-pop cover. A man walking through the park stares at him. He says, bro, I don't know if you should be doing this, but your life choice, I guess, what is that supposed to mean? Another citizen stops and points. He's the one. He's the one. And With that, the man in the green jacket, he starts smiling because that means he just won $50.


He is contestant number six in the lookalike contest for the shooter that killed Brian Thompson, the CEO of UnitedHealthcare, the man in the hood, the winner. He says, you know, it's so funny, I got no looks while I was coming from home to the park. No looks until I got over here and now everybody wants a picture with me. What does that mean? No looks, nobody looked at him strangely, even though he matches the exact profile of a killer that's quote unquote on the run. Oh, How is it that a man is shot and killed in the middle of Manhattan in broad daylight? He hasn't even been laid to rest yet. The shooter has yet to be caught.


Technically, a killer is on the loose and yet There is a lookalike contest for the killer. I mean, what could you have done so horribly in life that in death people are holding lookalike contest for the killer while the killer is still on the loose. There is a literal CCTV video of somebody shooting and killing the CEO of UnitedHealthcare, but most Americans are questioning who really is the real victim here? Is it the one that was shot and killed Or is it the shooter himself?


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the Pan Foundation, which works to remove barriers to medical treatment. They also champion policies that expand access to care. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes to rail robot Rotten Mango podcast.com. A few big disclaimers for today's case. This case is currently ongoing. There's new developments every single day. If there are any major developments, which is to be expected, we are gonna add them in the pin comments below or perhaps even make a follow up video. But most of what we could find is available publicly online, which includes Zen comments, theories, zen's own personal experiences with healthcare in the US and legally speaking, I am not here nor would I ever be able to verify if each and every medicine's personal anecdote is factually correct.


We trust you guys to come to your own judgments and opinions like you do with any and all cases that we bring you, and we tried to gather all the sentiments on the internet as well as legacy media included so you can see the full picture of what's going on. This is not supposed to be a think piece. We're not trying to sway you one way or the other, and obviously I think you guys are smart enough to make your own informed decisions on how you feel about something. However, it would be silly to not recognize the healthcare system to everyday Americans is personally, in my opinion, a torture system. And I think to not even address that would be kind of goofy. Additionally, just because somebody has been arrested does not mean that they are guilty of a crime. Everybody has the right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty.


And one last disclaimer. For the sake of brevity, we will be referring to United Healthcare as United, but please note that there is no relation to United Airlines, which is more commonly referred to as United. Additionally, UnitedHealthcare is just one arm of a massive company called UnitedHealth Group. So when we refer to Brian Thompson as the CEO of UnitedHealthcare or United, he's actually the CEO of just UnitedHealthcare. There are other CEOs involved. There's a ton of different subsidiaries that UnitedHealth Group owns, and then there's a CEO that is the CEO of UnitedHealth group, the whole organizational structure. So I know that some people on Twitter were getting a little bit confused because they're like, wait, I saw different names as the ceo, EO of United Health Group, but this is United Healthcare's, CEO, so this is the insurance arm.


Got it. This is where people feel I guess more emotional about the case, but we will get into the nitty gritty of the United Health Group in a second. So With that being said, let's get into it. Good Reads is kind of like the Yelp for books. You go on there and you rate and review books that you've read, but it's also a great place to stalk someone, and I don't condone this, but you would be surprised at how much someone could gather from the types of books you read. For example, someone can see how often you read, how well read you are, what kind of genre of books you read, but those are very obvious. You can even tell if someone is more lenient and likely to give high ratings. Maybe they're generous versus someone who never gives a high rating and just has a plethora of two star reviews.


If the Good Reads account holder leaves reviews, you can even see how they feel about certain topics, what kind of things that they pick out from a 3, 6, 900 page book. Some people will even take it a step further trying to figure out someone's most favorited books, their highest rated books and see what that says about you. Some popular book analysis on TikTok include, which are jokes. Don't get offended if your fantasy book choice is cruel. Prince, you're a furry. I said it. If your favorite book is The Secret History by Donna Tart one, TikTok or states you think reading classics and drinking red wine and smoking cigarettes makes you all mysterious and so, so intelligent, but it just kind of makes you annoying.


If your favorite is a little life, you are mentally ill. What? It's a really sad book. It's you're torturing yourself. If you read it, apparently it's devastating. Now, the past few days, a good Reads account has gone viral, which doesn't really happen. I mean, usually you have people's social media accounts going viral, but this is like someone's Yelp page going viral. But everyone on the internet is trying to decipher, crack the code to what does this mean? What does this Man's Good Reads account mean? The viral account shows the man has 295 books read, logged on Good Reads, and is currently reading the Book Thief, a historical fiction about Nazi Germany during World War ii, Omnivore's Diet by Michael Pollen, which is about the ethical implications of our food choices and how to change your brain by Michael Pollen, which is a very intense book about how psychedelics could be used to treat mental health conditions.


It's a very interesting combination of REITs in his favorite section. You have the Lorax by Dr. Seuss, which is not just a children's book, but it's a critique of environmental practices as well as a critique of the timber industry, and it's actually a pretty anti-capitalist critique. Other favorites include the Bullet Journal by writer Carol and What's Our problem by Tim Urban, aside from his favorite, it's clear that this man is interested in Hawaii. He's reviewed two travel guidebooks for Hawaii. There's self-help books thrown into the mix as well as fitness books. A mixture of tech related reads are on there, such as algorithm design, which he rated 4.16 stars, very generous.


The four Hour Work Week by Tim Ferriss is there, and this one is interesting because he actually leaves a little personal snippet in the review. He writes, I'm reminded of a long standing debate at my childhood dinner table, whenever we would eat steak, I would use my knife in my left hand and my fork in my right hand, which would infuriate my mother. She would remind me to cut with my right hand since I was right-handed and switch back and forth my right hand for each bite. When pressed for a reason why she would reply, because that's how it's done, that's how you cut it, dissatisfied. I would press further. She would reply because that's proper manners. As a 6-year-old, I found this to be the most pointless and inefficient process in the world, and I would voice this opinion.


Why would I switch hands? Every single bite to maintain some arbitrary convention. The final reply was, one day you're gonna meet a nice girl and when you go out to dinner with her, you're gonna need proper manners. My response then and still a fundamental belief to this day is that anyone who cares about something so small and insignificant is maybe not someone I would wanna spend my time with. This is common under Four Hour Work Week, work Week by Tim Ferris. The Good Reads account also goes on to like two quotes. 'cause you can like quotes from books One reads, science fiction is already happening to some extent in our own society. Instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed, modern society gives them antidepressant drugs.


In effect, antidepressants are a means of modifying an individual's internal state in such a way as to enable him to tolerate social conditions that he would otherwise find intolerable. Imagine a society that subjects people to conditions that makes them terribly unhappy, then gives them the drugs to take away their unhappiness. This quote is from the book, industrial Society and Its Future. For the Full book, the Good Reads account leaves a lengthy review that becomes very pertinent. It reads clearly written by a mathematics protege reads like a series of dilemmas on the questions of 21st century quality of life. It's easy to quickly and thoughtlessly write this off as a manifesto of a lunatic in order to avoid facing some of the uncomfortable problems it identifies, but it's simply impossible to ignore how prescient many of his predictions about modern society turned out.


He was a violent criminal, rightfully imprisoned, who maimed innocent people. All these actions tend to be characterized as those of a crazy Luddite. However, they are more accurately seen as those of an extreme political revolutionary. A take I found interesting online is this. So then he quotes Annette is in comment. He read online, he had the balls to recognize that peaceful protest has gotten us absolutely nowhere, and at the end of the day, he's probably right. Oil barons haven't listened to any environmentalist, but they feared him. When all other forms of communication fail, violence is necessary to survive. You may not like his methods but to see things from his perspective.


It's not terrorism, it's war and revolution. Fossil fuel companies suppress anything that stand within their way and within a generation or two, it will be begin costing human lives by greater and greater magnitudes until the earth is just a flaming ball orbiting third from the sun. Peaceful protest is outright ignored. Economic protest isn't possible in the current system. So how long until we recognize that violence against those who lead us to such destruction is justified as self-defense. Those companies don't care about you or your kids or your grandkids. They have zero qualms about burning down the planet for a buck. So why should we have any qualms about burning them down to survive? We're animals just like everything else on this planet except we've forgotten the law of the jungle and bend over backwards for our overlords when any other animal would recognize the threat and fight to the death for their survival.


Violence never solved anything is a statement uttered by cowards and predators. The Good Reads, accounts rates. This book Four Stars, this book is written by the Unibomber Ted Kozinski. He killed three people and injured 23 others. He was academically successful at least at one point in his life. He attended Harvard as a mathematics prodigy and became, I believe, the youngest assistant professor in the history of uc, Berkeley. Eventually, he quit everything to live a primitive lifestyle in a, in a cabin in the woods, which would've been fine, but he's very anti-tech, anti industrialism, anti-capitalist, which again would be ideologies to be talked about.


But then he started making bonds and sending them out, which is the only way that the Unabomber believed he could draw attention to his manifesto and ideas. So why is this Good Reads review going viral? Because perhaps that's what the account holder was inspired by trade in a violent crime for everyone else to know his message. I mean, it's too soon to say for sure, but this is the Good Reeds account of the Arrested Suspect for the killing of Brian Thompson, United Healthcare, CEO. And I guess Nets are wondering, is this what he was trying to tell us? If you wake up in the middle of a surgery, most likely you cannot speak.


You cannot tell the doctors, Hey, so I can hear you drilling and sawing into my skull and my body. You can't even twitch. You're practically paralyzed. One person who woke up in the middle of surgery said it was terrible. They said, my brain kept telling me over and over, say your name, say your name, say something, do something, wiggle your toes. But I was completely incapable of saying something or moving my body at all. Waking up in the midst of a surgery can actually be so traumatic depending on the surgery that sometimes doctors will even recommend therapy mental health to get rid of those PTSD memories. It's that bad in surgery, anesthesia going under.


Timing is everything. I mean timing is everything in that, and the same goes for public relations. Pr Blue Cross Blue Shield, a health insurance company in the United States announces that they will be making changes moving forward. Let's say a very specific lifesaving life altering surgery lasts about two hours on average, but sometimes because everybody, every condition is different, there's gonna be variations in surgery time. If a customer's surgery lasts longer than two hours, blue Cross Blue Shield will not cover the extra time under anesthesia. That's the most like ridiculous. What are they thinking When they release this change in policy?


Zens on TikTok start asking Blue Cross Blue Shield. Do you know you have 30 minutes? That's what tiktoks are saying. They write LMAO in this climate. Somebody already ate the rich and now the world is waiting to see if any one of us is still hungry. Within 24 hours, the representative for Blue Cross Blue Shield states, there has been significant widespread misinformation about an update to our anesthesia policy. As a result, we have decided not to proceed with the policy change. To be clear, it never was and never will be. The policy of Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield to not pay for medically necessary anesthesia services. The proposed update to the policy was only designed to clarify the appropriateness of anesthesia consistent with well-established clinical guidelines.


What they say, we were trying to help you. They say, we realized based on the feedback that our communication about the policy was unclear, which is why we're rolling it back. But is that really why, or is it because the CEO of UnitedHealthcare was just killed in broad daylight? Brian Thompson is on his way to the annual United Health Group investors meeting. It's gonna be at the Hilton Midtown Hotel in Manhattan, which is not where he's staying for whatever purpose, perhaps safety, he's staring at the Marriott down the block. Then he is gonna walk to the Hilton, which is just a few blocks away to get ready to more or less tell the investors how much money they're gonna be making this year. I mean, just for transparency purposes, it's probably a really good day for Brian Thompson.


He's what's called a heavy weight in the industry. Under his leadership, UnitedHealthcare acquired over 1 million customers in 2023. Total revenue grew by 14.6% and net profit margins were 6% for 2023, probably better for 2024, which I see some people arguing about that 6% profit margins. They're not the best profit margins in across the board industry capitalistic societies. But you're talking about a behemoth like UnitedHealthcare. Their total revenue in 2023 was $271.6 billion.


6% what? 6% of that is $22.6 billion. That is crazy. They are number eight in global companies for revenue, top companies for revenue globally. Number four in the United States. Wow. They're above alphabet. They're above Google. It's been said that under Brian's leadership, stock prices roughly doubled, which makes sense because before he was appointed CEO, he had worked in the insurance industry for a really long time, but he has no medical degree. He's a CPA. He's also one of the many executives in the healthcare industry that decided to start denying patients claims and payments for what they, the insurer believed to be non-critical visits to the er, AKA, Hey, you random person with little or no medical knowledge sitting at home, please make sure that you're actually dying when you go to the er, like be for real.


If you only think that you're dying 60%, maybe hold off because if you don't think that you're gonna die, we're not gonna pay for it. If we think that you could have lived, we're not gonna pay for it. So you're gonna pay for it and then you're gonna be dying from the medical debt. It got so bad that the chief executive of the American Hospital Association wrote an open letter to Brian Thompson practically pleading him. Patients are not medical experts and should not be expected to self-diagnose during what they believe is a medical emergency. Threatening patients with a financial penalty for making the wrong decision could have a chilling effect on seeking emergency care, but that's clearly not the focus of the annual investors meeting that day in Manhattan. The focus is how much money the company is making.


6:45 AM Brian Thompson is walking to the Hilton Hotel. He's about to reach the door when a hooded masked man walks up behind him, first shot in the leg, the second shot goes into his back, and at least three shots are fired directly into Brian Thompson at a pretty close range and he drops dead. A few details to note, the gun appears, at least initially to malfunction, but the suspect is able to clear it calmly. They are overwhelmingly calm, collected to the point where some people initially believe that this is a professional job.


Brian Thompson is clearly the target and the end goal is his death. There's no robbery attempt, no attempt to even talk to him. It said the suspect loitered around waiting for Brian to arrive to the Hilton Hotel for perhaps like five minutes. There's another person that's standing nearby. When the suspect takes out their gun and starts firing, they end up running off. There's no attempt to harm that person or anybody else, just Brian Thompson. When the shots are fired, Brian Thompson is down. The suspect then walks into an alleyway before hopping onto a city bike and heading towards Central Park. Brian Thompson is rushed to the hospital where he is pronounced dead. In twenty twenty three, three hundred and eighty six people were killed in the city of New York.


That is more than one murder per day, as with anyone else and their tragic murders. The show must still go on the same day. Rockefeller held its highly anticipated annual Christmas tree lighting while the suspect the shooter is still on the loose in Manhattan. The NYPD hold this whole press conference to state that quote. I want to be clear at this time, every indication is that this was a premeditated pre-planned targeted attack. This does not appear to be a random act of violence. Many people pass the suspect, but he appeared to wait for the intended target. The NYPD commissioner states, the shooter appeared to be lying in wait for several minutes before approaching the executive from behind an opening fire.


NYPD also highlight, is this guy a pro or not? They say the precision of the shooting, the use of a ghost gun and the escape on a bicycle suggests that this was not a random act by an amateur. So speaking of a ghost gun, ghost guns are likely 3D printed guns. That is crazy. How is that very common? They say if you have enough motive, if you have enough technological knowledge, you can buy a 3D printer and do it. Yeah. That's what a lot of experts are saying, and they're really concerned about what this means. Hmm. Because there's no way to track those. Yeah, I mean it's still, it's still wishy-washy how to track regular guns. Ghost guns are even harder. Yeah, A lot of firearms experts stated online that watching the footage, this guy's gotta be pro.


Some of them even stayed using a silencer in broad daylight. There was a silencer on there, a 3D printed silencer is and then casually biking away from the kill. That's some calculated pro level stuff. I mean, look at the precision and the shooting. You don't, you don't get that aim without practice or at least being a pro one expert states. I mean, it doesn't necessarily mean that this shooter is a professional hitman. It could also be a very determined, very well-researched, very practiced individual. One that is in disagrees, not a pro hitman, but feels like a hitman. Others argue. Well, usually hitmen are like ghosts in the night you don't see him.


You just know that they're there because now somebody's dead. He was caught on CCTV footage shooting and killing Brian Thompson. You could hardly call that a pro. One comment reads, how could anyone miss at that range? Yeah, it's a good hit, but come on, like a 5-year-old could make that shot. Another person comments. A trained marksman would've walked up with an arm's reach and made one kill shot. The main argument by those who do not believe him to be a professional being, I mean, If he in fact is a professional hitman, why would he be caught on CCDV camera? But then others argue. What if that was the point? One comment reads, if there had been no footage of the killing, the media impact and reach would be 50% less. He was both a professional shooter and motivated to hurt the company or something.


Regardless, the police reveal that they have a few strong leads that they're gonna follow. First, they release a few photos of the suspect, likely the most pertinent one being CCTV photos of him when he pulled his mask down to briefly smile at the front desk employee, he ismi. Okay. A lot of rumors online say that he is smiling at a Starbucks barista who he was flirting with. Oh yeah. Yes, but it's actually false. He was perhaps flirting with the hostile worker and showed his smile, but it's at the hostel that he was staying at prior to the shooting. Yeah. One source states that the receptionist at the front desk asked to see his quote unquote pretty smile. So he briefly pulled down his mask to show It is worth noting that he did allegedly stop by Starbucks prior to the shooting, but the picture itself is not from there.


The police then release another photo along With that. It is of the suspect in the back of a taxi car after leaving Central Park after the shooting. So the one from before is at the hostel he's staying at. You can see him smiling. Then the next one is of him masked up in the back of a taxi and the citywide manhunt is launched. There's drones flying through the air. Canine dogs are sniffing every leaf covered planter in Central Park. They've got divers diving into the lakes at Central Park wearing full on scuba gear. They're going into the lake for three, four days. To which citizens have said, let's be honest, would they have done this all for a regular citizen? The answer is no.


It would take months for a regular citizen to get any sort of resources used for their case. If ever it's important to rule out any fish. So the NYPD must go fishing. Not only that, they're sending NYPD officers to Atlanta, New Jersey, Connecticut. It's turning into a full blown national manhunt. Officers stopped an entire train. They stopped a train dead in its tracks, searched it from top to bottom. Nothing of interest was found. I mean, they searched the entire thing. They had to rule out all of the train rats and one NYPD spokesperson said, we are getting tips. It's helping. We are following up on every tip that's come in, which of course is what should happen in every single murder case, but it never happens unless that same someone is worth $50 million.


So it goes without saying, new Yorkers feel like there's enough people looking for the suspect. It probably felt like the entire force of the NYPD officers is out there. So why should New Yorkers help? They don't get paid enough for this. In fact, new Yorkers are out there purchasing the same jacket and the same backpack to the point where both are sold out. Crazy zen's, right? It's a shame my healthcare doesn't cover vision because I didn't see shit. Another reads LMAO. So they want us to play COP for free. Yeah, no. Even when the FBI puts up a reward for $50,000 leading to the arrest and conviction of the backpack shooter and the NYPD is offering up to another $10,000, nobody wants to help.


Instead, social media comments read, do we? The people have to pay those FBI reward dollars. Why? Besides, can they not just narrow down the suspect? I mean, the police know that. The suspect knew that United Health Group was holding an investor conference at the hotel that day. They knew what route Brian Thompson was gonna take, which means this could be one of the many disgruntled employees that were laid off for profits, or it could be a customer of UnitedHealthcare. So that suspect list would include almost the entirety of the US population. Millions upon millions of people. But the NYPD want your help, and they say that backpack is gonna be a treasure trove of evidence.


That backpack, I mean, it could have the murder weapon in the backpack, it could have any other identifying information in the backpack. This is gonna be the big break in the case that they so desperately need, and they find the backpack in Central Park, they find it. The NYPD unzipped, the backpack. They pull out the first item of interest, a Tommy Hilfiger jacket. They're like, what is that? The backpack was just Sitting there, central Park. It was left, yes, on purpose to be found, And then they reach in, pull out the next thing. The only other thing really in the backpack of interest, a stack of Monopoly money.


Late 2023, the Department of Justice, the DOJ launches an antitrust monopoly investigation into UnitedHealth Group. They're being investigated for being a monopoly. There are probably a list of 1069 reasons why the DOJ would probably want to investigate UnitedHealth Group, but one of the biggest points of contention being there is a subsidiary of United called Optum. Optum provides health services. They have hospitals, private practices, all across the United States. Meanwhile, United Healthcare is the insurance arm. So now United owns providers. They own the doctors. They have a pharmaceutical division, they have the insurance division.


They also recently purchased Change Health, which is the processing claim like the IT division. That's where doctors go on there to process their claims to get insurance money from United. Yeah, so they own pretty much everything. It's a vertical monopoly. Some would say it's been said that United owns or is affiliated with about 90,000 physicians, which is about 10% of all doctors in the United States. The DOJ wants to know if United Favors its own physician sites directing or even forcing insurance holders to go there rather than to any other doctor or provider, even if it's better for them to keep as much money in United's house circulating between one subsidiary to the other, to the next to the next.


They also have pharmaceutical arms. Like I said, the claims processor. United is also the main insurer for Medicare, Medicaid and Obamacare plans. But what really kicks off this investigation is United tries to acquire a massive hospice provider for $3.3 billion and the DOJ is trying to stop them. Like do they really need another arm in their business on a global scale? UnitedHealth Group falls at number eight in top companies by revenue and on the US scale. Like I said, they're number four behind Walmart, Amazon, apple, and then it's United Health Group. They're above Berkshire, Hathaway, Exxon, Google, alphabet, Costco, even JP Morgan Chase.


They're above the assistant attorney general states American healthcare is unwell. Unless this $3.3 billion transaction is stopped, United will further extend its grip to health and hospice care threatening seniors, their families and nurses. As of right now, the DOJ is still investigating United for antitrust concerns, and interestingly, a lot of people did not even know that they were being investigated until this happened, until they found the monopoly money. Even more interesting is that Brian Thompson is not only the CEO of UnitedHealthcare that is obviously being investigated by the DOJ, but he is named in another class action lawsuit filed alleging that Brian Thompson knew that the DOJ was going to investigate United Health Group, and before that information was made public, because this is a publicly traded company, he allegedly sold over $15 million of his personally held United Health Group shares.


Insider trading is the allegation, which had he not sold the shares and allegedly partaken in this alleged insider trading, he would've likely lost about $800,000 in shareholder value, which don't get me wrong, it's a lot of money, but Brian Thompson, the CEO of UnitedHealthcare, the insurance wing, he makes about $10 million a year in total comp. So that's his salary bonuses as well as stock options. Most of it actually comes from stock 6 million or so to be exact, regardless. His total comp is about eight figures a year. That $800,000, I don't know if that would've changed his life. Again, I'm not saying he was committing insider trading or that $800,000 was the reason he sold his shares.


I'm just saying I'm not saying anything is what I'm saying. But I will say the way mainstream media outlets have described his insider trading allegation is fascinating. One outlet writes, Thompson found himself named in a class action lawsuit alleging insider trading. The lawsuit claimed he and other executives sold millions in stocks while withholding information about A DOJ investigation into United Health's business practices. Despite these legal battles, Thom remains steadfast in his commitment to steering the company towards innovation and growth. His ability to lead during times of turbulence earned him respect from industry peers. That's a interesting way to look at this.


That is a fascinating, fascinating blurb on this crime. I mean, could we, should we start doing that to every alleged criminal? It's fascinating. That is the way mainstream media has spoken about Brian Thompson and his alleged crimes and ultimately his death. The sentiment cannot be shared with social media users on Spotify. You can create these oddly specific playlist like there's one titled The Masculine Urge to Stand Outside All Alone in the Snow. Another one is songs that make me feel like I'm slowly drowning in a bathtub, in a dimly lit room. Another one reads, when the zombie apocalypse finally happens, but you make no effort to survive.


Or a recently created one. Oddly specific POV taken out a CEO. The thumbnail is the picture of the suspect smiling, and there are 71 songs on there. The list of songs include, welcome to New York by Taylor Swift, angel with a Shotgun. Do you hear the people seeing troubles coming and my shot over 10,000 users saved it and are bopping to songs about the CEO assassin as some have dubbed the suspect. That's what they're calling him. I mean, is this a normal reaction? I guess that's the debate here. Others are taking to Twitter to post pictures zoomed in and cleaned up images like you know in those movies they like zoom in the FBI's like clear up the picture, unblur it, and it's the suspect when he briefly takes off his mask.


And when you see this clarified HD photo, it is so clear that the suspect is Mr. Beast. Nancy Pelosi, Ben Shapiro, the cat from Sabrina and the Teenage Witch. They're just Photoshopping faces onto the assassins Photos. Oh, you're saying memes. People are making memes. So many memes. Another viral tweet just reads, just left an anonymous tip and reported Amy Schumer for shooting that UnitedHealthcare, CEO or simply thoughts and deductibles, praying hands emoji. I would say after digging through the depths of Twitter and TikTok and Reddit, 72, 80% if not more of the interactions on this case lie somewhere between Ha ha, this is great to eh, not great, but I'm not gonna cry about it either.


Also, that meme is kind of funny. That's where I would say 70 to 80% of the reactions lie while the others are upset that the public is condoning violence and wants Zens to take a really good hard look at the fact that he is a husband and a father, Brian's wife. I believe they're separated like, I don't know if they're estranged, but I don't think that they were living together. She gives a statement that says, we are shattered to hear about the senseless killing of our beloved Brian. Brian was an incredibly generous, loving, talented man who truly lived life to the fullest and touched so many lives. Most importantly, Brian was an incredibly loving father to our two sons and will be greatly missed. That said, someone on Twitter creates an account called the Ghost of Brian Thompson and is just going around commenting on people's nightmare United healthcare experiences.


One tweet reads, I had a stroke and United Healthcare moved me from the top stroke center in the state to another hospital because the ER I went to was out of network. My doctor made them wait until I was out of the ICU. They refused to cover the ambulance they made me take to the other hospital. The ghost of Brian Thompson responds, that's the Twitter account name. It's not United's fault that you had a stroke. You made the life choices that got you where you are. Merry Christmas. This is Crazy. Medicines are commenting things like this is getting more coverage than what United Healthcare has ever provided. Sending prior authorization, denied claims, collections, and prayers to his family. People also comment, was his trip to the ER really emergent?


According to his own company, my husband's heart attack was in an actual emergency and we were out the full deductible. So I'm just saying, others say, I can't even pretend to care. I hope he's looking up at us. Another comment reads, will his family still be billed? Did the ER wait to render care until they confirmed his coverage? I'm not certain the hospital was medically necessary. Did he try his primary care physician first after getting shot? Was the hospital in network? Did he really need to go to the er? Why didn't he try urgent care first to which one? Medicine finally puts their foot down and responds to the comments writing, why would you awful? People say such awful things that restore my faith in humanity. They also argue besides he wasn't assassinated.


His claim to life was just denied. Other zens were more focused on the monopoly money and how the suspect is toying with the police. They wrote, bro is really out here being Robin Hood and trolling the F-B-I-L-O-L. He said, you guys are playing checkers and I'm playing Monopoly. He has the NYPD solving puzzles. LMAO. He's the ridler. Others point out how this is not really funny because someone out there is actually having a really bad day. They write someone somewhere, has a box with a monopoly board and is gonna sit down and play one day and wonder where all the damn money went. That is the only victim in this story. Many legacy media outlets have argued that the surge of social media, quote, glorifying the shooting is alarming.


One argues the framing of this incident as some opening blow in a class war and not a brutal murder is especially alarming, but are not having it. They're writing trying to convince me that the CEO shooter is a danger to anybody else, is the biggest corporate media joke of the week one. That is then pushes back on the mainstream media's strong interest in the case writing. The real news isn't the murder of the United Healthcare CEO. It's how many Americans don't care and are actively celebrating his death. Okay? They also write that about 65,000 people in the United States die per year because they're not covered by insurance or they're underinsured. 65,001 net is in rights, thoughts and prayers that this happens to all other CEOs, which is honestly a crazy thing to say.


I worry that you should take that down because people are getting arrested these days. Another net rights. I submitted a claim for my condolences, but it got denied. So sad. Mainstream media news anchors have been replaying people's tiktoks of them saying things like, I'm not sad about it. And they're expressing disgust. They're commenting, joking about somebody's murder. Like that is absolutely disgusting. If family is grieving right now, to which zens have responded, sometimes unreasonable men must do unreasonable things. Another comments, you're right. It would've been better if the CEO lived and was subsequently denied care for his injuries by his healthcare provider. That would've been real justice.


Another Zen rights people have been so happy on here for the past few days. I think it might be the first time UnitedHealthcare has ever helped with mental health. One of the main reasons that people are so upset with UnitedHealthcare is, if you wanna look at it this way, this is legally, I don't know if I can say this is what they do. This is what it feels like they do. Feels That's a opinion. You pay them to ensure you for healthcare, to ensure you for lifesaving treatments. Should it come to it? And most of the time you don't even give them your money by choice. Because I do see some international medicines wondering, wait, if everyone in America hates UnitedHealthcare, why are they still in business? Why are you guys using UnitedHealthcare?


There really is no market for insurance. A lot of times it's what's offered to you at work. Corporate healthcare plans are sometimes cheaper with United Healthcare. Employers will go with United because they're looking out for themselves rather than their employees. So now so many Americans are stuck with UnitedHealthcare because they have no choice and even though they had no choice, they still have to pay UnitedHealthcare massive premiums every single month. Hundreds of dollars if not more depending on who you are and if you have any conditions. And then once they finally go to the doctor to get the care that they need, they file a claim to United saying, Hey, remember how I pay you so much money? Probably more money than I spend on groceries every month? Yeah, well this is why, remember, please pay the provider for this x-ray I had done because I could have died.


The claim still has to be approved by United. United has the highest claim denial rate in the industry. The industry average being around 16%. United denies claims over 30% of the time. A third. Imagine you're going through a fast food drive-through, you pay money, and a third of the time you may not get your food. In fact, you may owe more money. Here is one Reddit review of United before the killing of Brian Thompson. This is from two years ago. It reads, my son and I were on United for a year. It was the worst experience I ever had with insurance. They denied every little thing. We would have to spend hours on the phone with them. Eventually they would pay the claim.


They, we would have to get the state insurance commissioner involved in an ER visit that they didn't wanna pay. Eventually, they paid it only to reverse their decision. Six months later. Once again, we spent months fighting it and eventually they paid it. I hate this company and if my employer ever decides to go with UnitedHealthcare, I would strongly think about finding another job. One comment under that reads, I'm having the same issues right now denying all my claims. Now I'm being billed thousands of dollars for routine blood work. Wow. One ER nurse on TikTok says, the things I've seen dying patients get denied for by insurance makes me physically sick. I just can't feel sympathy for Brian Thompson because of all those patients and their families. Another healthcare worker writes, I work in hospital utilization management.


UnitedHealthcare is literally the worst payer, and it's not even by a close margin. In my extensive firsthand experience, they deny medically necessary services in bad faith constantly. I would never use them. United denies, denies, denies anything they can. I hate them. Another review from one year ago, again, way before the killing of Brian Thompson reads, the company is targeting senior citizens with cheap so-called Medicare advantage plans and denying coverage left and right. They are literally driving people to their graves, another net isan rights. It's scary, but I'm not surprised. Something like this finally bubbled up, especially with the current dynamic in our society. It's akin to pitchforks and torches.


The health system is a scam and somebody finally snapped another net. Isan points out their business model is predicated on systematically denying customers vital care. They are effectively stealing billions in profits. So for example, UnitedHealthcare makes billions, hundreds of billions of dollars from all those insurance premiums and they're incentivized to pay out less claims. Yeah. So they can hoard more money to themselves. Yeah. There's actually a law that you have to pay out a certain percentage of the monthly premiums that you receive. Yeah. United did not. So they actually had to pay back consumers, I think like 7% of their annual premium. Wow. Yeah. That is crazy.


So that was a whole thing. So they're, okay, so basically they are taking a hundred dollars in, for example, every month from the, you know what you pay and they pay out, let's say the the, the law says you have to pay at least 50% of that at Least. Yeah. Probably more like $30. Okay. At least 30% of dollar of that you need to pay for those medical procedures. And they are under, they only pay $23. They're like, fine, here's $7. Let me pay. Yes. The patients seven more dollars. Yes, Because, because yeah, I mean you do without what you will. That information United also provided the health insurance plans for students at Penn State University.


Not to be confused with U Penn, which is important later, but I digress. Okay. But at Penn State University, this was like a huge thing of what happened with United Healthcare. They are gonna provide insurance plans for students. It is a lucrative business model. Very healthy young students. I mean Penn State University, you're talking about middle upper class students that probably take good care of their health have been at this point. They're athletic, they work out, they, you know, they're good paying every single month. Most of them don't really need that much medical help just in routine checkups. That's it. But one student at Penn State was costing United Healthcare $2 million a year. He has ulcerative colitis, severe arthritis, debilitating diarrhea.


He has bloody diarrhea 40 to 50 times a day. And I know someone might be like, oh, well I have diarrhea. This is to the point. He cannot engage in any normal activities. He cannot play sports. He cannot even go outside. He can't even go to the store to pick up apples because he could have debilitating diarrhea in the middle of the store. He has fatigue. He has life, potentially life threatening blood clots to treat him. It was costing United Healthcare $2 million a year. But now they don't wanna pay that anymore even though he's insured. Even though he pays for their services. This is the social contract and it's pretty much a contract, but they don't want it. Christopher needs that care. In 2021, a phone call is recorded by a United nurse.


So she's a nurse that's affiliated with United Healthcare and her colleague that works at United Healthcare. They're talking about how a doctor reviewed Christopher's case and decided he does not medically need all the medications he's on. You know, like the things that are keeping him a normal human being. He doesn't need it. Which means, which means if a doctor can say Christopher does not need the medications that are quite literally saving his life, United does not need to pay for it anymore. And they laugh about it in this recorded phone call. They also go on to rant about how Christopher's mother keeps calling quote, screaming and yelling and throwing tantrums. Yeah, because her son could die. But I guess that's funny.


They both state that for the family to appeal, the denial of treatment would be a waste of the family's time and money. So there's nothing that they can do about getting this potentially life-saving treatment. Denied one of them remarks. We're still gonna say no regardless. Christopher and his family end up suing. That's how this call is released through those court documents. This is how UnitedHealthcare is talking about their customers that pay every single month. They laugh when they denied life-saving care. They also bury doctor's reports that told United, Hey, if you alter Christopher's medications, that would be very dangerous for his health. They did not care when all this came to light. A united spokesperson said Christopher's treatment and involves medication dosages that far exceed FDA guidelines.


In cases like this, we review treatment plans based on his current clinical guidelines to help ensure patient safety, which is not true. One of Christian's doctors wrote, this is not a typical case. He's very young. His condition is very extreme. Of course, we cannot stick to FDA guidelines, it's just not gonna work for him. The FDA guidelines are there for the mass general public and it's just a guideline. And they write, his disease is significantly severe with a diagnosis at a young age. He has failed every biologic medication class recommendations by guidelines. Therefore, guidelines can no longer be applied to this case. This, this is what's working. We've tried lowering his meds, it didn't work.


So the UnitedHealthcare is saying that we did it for him. That's exactly what Blue Cross Blue Shield was saying. Oh, right. Right. They're saying people are getting too much anesthesia, so we're doing it for you. And everyone's saying, you're not doing anything for us. Yeah. You're crazy if you think that this is such crazy gaslighting on a corporate level. On top of that, Christopher's parents, they both work at Penn State University. They're faculty. So they were talking to this person that was the medium between Penn State University and United Healthcare because it's the coverage that all the students get. And originally that person was going to the bat. They were trying to help get the united to play, pay all these claims, and then out of nowhere, that person becomes way less helpful and they wonder why this was not publicly released to anybody.


But turns out in the midst of all of this, she is now fully employed by United and no longer the university originally. What? She was employed by the university. Yeah. So her interests lie with her students. Yeah. But now United has taken her on as an employee. She still works at the university and she's still the middleman. But she works for United. She does not work for the university. So whose interest is she protecting? That's fucking crazy. And nobody was informed about that. They bought her off basically. Yes. They say, here, here's a fatter salary. Come work for us. Yes. So we don't have to pay $2 million on this thing. Yeah. I don't know if it was solely because of Christopher's case.


One could maybe potentially in their opinion, connect the dots to that. But it is very suspicious, is it not? And the fact that even without Christopher's case, whose best interests are we serving? It's not the students anymore. Yeah. It's gonna be united. Yeah. Yeah. So like I think Christopher might be a, a small part of it that now she might want to look out for more money across the board for United. For United. This is what monopoly is, right? Yes. You control like it's conflict of interest. Yeah. This is a major conflict of interest. It's crazy. Yeah. And just out in the open at Penn State University United also states that Christopher, they're not treating Christopher. They're, these are not treatment conditions.


This is where it gets so confusing. They say, we don't know his exact medical history, so we don't wanna treat him. Those treatment decisions are made between him and his physicians. But Christopher and everybody else is arguing. But if you're denying coverage for the treatment that the doctor recommends, are you not dictating how he gets treatment? Are you not suddenly playing Doctor Christopher states the insurer. United is playing doctor, making decisions without ever examining him or even speaking with him, because these were the only medications that ever made him not housebound and feel somewhat normal to return back to a state where he could not do anything. Christopher said that he contemplated self exiting if the coverage was ultimately denied.


They are still engaged in a legal battle. I believe that they settled out of court, but it was messy. One that in states United Healthcare, that's what it should be called. Some medicines say that the CEOs and billionaires of major corporations should feel like their actions have consequences. Not the consequences of murder. Right. But it's kind of the situation of, I guess if a celebrity were to do something there, there would be some backlash. Mm. A lot of CEOs and major corporations, there's some backlash, but not really. Mm. It doesn't affect them. They don't wish to be liked by the general public. Yeah. They wish for their bottom line to be fat. One net is in comments. Billionaires and CEOs should see the fact that the entire internet is having a week long celebration for one of their owns death.


And they should really think about what that means. Again, that's not a threat. They're saying, think about how we got here. Yeah. Think about what you're doing with your life. But some of them have taken to making jokes. Writing my Amazon order is four days late at Jeff Bezos. You've seen what happened to the other guy? Stop playing. I will say most people seem to carry the sentiment, but some others disagree. One net is in rants on Twitter. United Health Groups profit margins are only six to 8%. That means keeping the same amount of coverage, but lowering their premiums by 8% would make them completely unprofitable. We as a society is by and large financially innumerate and illiterate. It blames health insurance companies for high cost of healthcare.


If this were true, Geico would also be responsible for high car prices and progressive home insurance for high house prices, salaries account for 60 to 80% of hospital expenditures. You know why healthcare costs are so high? Because our doctors make more than double compared to German and Swedish doctors. That's the reason they pay half of what we pay, which is a fascinating argument. I don't know why this medicine has taken it upon themselves to worry about if United is making billions or a few less billions of pure profit per year, which is enlightening and fascinating of a take. But another medicine response. The only reason that doctors get paid higher here than other countries is because the education is more expensive. Here. There are hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt.


You can trace this and it's going to be like the chicken and the egg story. What came first? Other medicines are just calling the original poster a corporate boot liquor, wondering what they get out of defending a soulless mega corporation that denies healthcare to paying customers. Others argue even if all of this is true, that does not give anyone the right to shoot the man dead on a public street in the middle of the day. We have courts for those things to which citizens argue. It's adorable that you have faith in the rule of law when your country is run by bureaucrats, twisting the system in their favor, ensuring the status quo remains the same. All of us little people stay at the bottom for the elite to use and exploit, to enrich themselves further to which a whole fight ensues.


So you're saying it's okay to murder someone secretly or openly because they've been accused of doing bad things? Accused is not convicted, accused of insider trading. Another net is in response. Almost every policy decision made by United had to pass over his desk. Every family bankrupted and every person that died because they couldn't get the proper medical care was on his hands. Why do you protect the elite who walked all over us and don't give a fuck about you? To which someone responds. People can start a class action lawsuit and they will always have lawyers coming out of the woodwork to help them. Individuals are a little more dicey, but it can be done through the court. You don't have to murder someone. Many medicines have written back, where exactly can we hold these CEOs accountable?


Poor people have zero access to the court system. It's pay to play. Wake up and look around for fuck's sake. Another comment reads, courts for filthy rich, white collar criminals. Yet that's freaking hilarious. Tell me more about this imaginary world you live in. One that is an expresses disappointment in society writing. If this was your dad, you would not say horrible things. I live in Minneapolis and I can tell you his family is wonderful. He is not the sole decision maker. It's a huge corporation, sad that healthcare is all going downhill. It starts with the drug companies and people living longer, to which people comment. Funny how when United says it to people who have policies, it's not horrible. Another comment reads, denying people healthcare after people have paid into that system is a whole new level of evil.


Another medicine writes cowardly killer, shot him in the back. Damn. I hope they capture him and apply the weight of the law to the top. Comment reading. Yeah, yeah. Rest and piss. Brian Thompson. Another debate inducing comment reads, it's very sad. Many people have lost their minds in moral clarity. How can you celebrate the death of just a guy in a position to do his job? And people compare him to Hitler. Folks, the guy was a human being who has loved ones like us who are mourning him right now. Please have some sympathy and maybe a little class. Many residents have taken on the viewpoint that you live by the sword, you die by the sword they write. When you punch down on the weak and poor, you get what you deserve. I will say it seems like politically speaking both sides, most Americans are at least supporting the suspect, or if not, not caring and feeling sympathy for Brian Thompson.


So it's very interesting that both sides of the aisle are more or less united. One that is in sentiment sums it up pretty well. I've seen these responses throughout Reddit, and I cannot blame the reaction of many. Where's the equal amount of media coverage on millions of people being denied healthcare because of these insurance companies or those going nearly bankrupt to cover what their insurance companies won't. Americans are dying because of their greed, and it's making it nearly impossible to feel anything close to sympathy at this point with the overwhelming sentiment being quote, this might be the one time, if not all of America is united.


This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. Give online therapy a try at BetterHelp dot com slash rotten and get on your way to being your best self. I used to find that the winter months were harder to get through. I think the shorter the days in the colder the weather, the even the holidays, sometimes it brings up things like a lot of family stuff, a lot of nostalgia. And I always had this feeling of getting stuck in winter. And then for all of the fall season, I would love fall, but I would also dread and anticipate the feeling of winter. Even though we don't get that much snow, it feels like I'm just getting pummeled by snowballs and just physically stuck in a snowbank even when I'm not. It took me a while to realize that this is actually a pretty common feeling, and it took me even longer than that to realize that I don't have to feel that way. Oftentimes a misconception is that therapy is only for people who have been through something truly traumatic, but that's not really the case. Nor should you compare yourself to others. Life itself is enough of a reason to try therapy, really, especially these days if you're struggling with anxious feelings, moving to a new state or even unlearning things like procrastination, self-sabotage, negative self-talk. Those are things I'm learning. With help from a licensed therapist, I was able to integrate coping mechanisms and life skills with beneficial habits to be the best version of myself even throughout the winter months. With BetterHelp, all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with the licensed therapist. If the match doesn't feel right, you can switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. And with BetterHelp being online, that means you don't have to find new directions to a new therapist's office and go through the hassle of adjusting your commute. Better help's online interface is designed for your convenience and suited to your schedule. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash rotten today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/rotten.


I talked about this in the past, but my family has a history of Alzheimer's and it's made all my family very active and thinking of different ways to keep our brain alive, keep working and learning new skills, trying to find scientifically proven ways to keep our brains functioning at its optimum healthy levels. And did you guys know bilingualism is associated with a smaller rate of cognitive decline in older adults? Studies have shown that bilingual individuals may exhibit symptoms of Alzheimer's and other cognitive disorders later than monolinguals. So people who speak only one language, and I always think it's the hardest thing to learn a new language, and it's because you have to find the time, you have to find the right teachers. But now it is easier than ever and it's actually fun. And that's why I love working with Rosetta Stone. It is the most trusted language learning program that truly immerses you in the language you wanna learn. The program is available online and on the app store, and Rosetta Stone has taught millions of people new languages for over 30 years. Instead of those traditional textbook methods, which never really stick with me, they use a learning method called Dynamic Immersion. It mimics how you learn your first language as a baby by surrounding you in that language, encouraging you to learn naturally. Rosetta Stone's true accent feature will ensure that you get the vital feedback and your pronunciation regardless of if you have a partner who's fluent in that language or if you're learning by yourself is perfect, don't put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now to get started today. Rotten Mingle listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off at Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten today for yourself or as a gift that keeps giving.


Five days after Brian Thompson's murder, Larry and his friends meet up at McDonald's. Larry and his friends always go to this McDonald's. They're sitting around eating their regular orders. When Larry says, you know, one of my friends, and I thought he was kidding when the shooter, or who am I, I assume is the shooter, came into the McDonald's, he made this comment. This little guy walks in and he says, oh, well that looks like the shooter from New York. And you know, the whole group of us thought it was a joke. We were kidding about it. And as it turned out it was him. The employee said that they thought that that was him. You know, I guess that's what started the initial investigation on it, you know, and I, wait, Wait, wait. Larry is talking to who? He's telling the news station. So he's saying he's sitting at McDonald's with all of his buddies and this guy walks in with a mask and a hood and a backpack, and they're like, that guy looks like the New York City shooter.


Ha ha ha ha. 'cause you know, what are the odds that he's in Altoona, Pennsylvania? 200 and what? 86 miles away from New York City? So random. And this is a very small town in Pennsylvania, and they're like, he, he ha ha giggling. But I guess the employee overhears at McDonald's sees the guy when he is ordering and decides, you know what? I think that's the shooter and calls 9 1 1. Mm. Larry and his friends leave before the police arrive and then later it's all over the news. The shooter has been caught at a McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania. So Larry says, he goes back to the McDonald's, he asks the employees, was that the guy? Was it this McDonald's that he was arrested in?


And they said, yeah. And he said, was I there? And the employees told him you were sitting right there in front of him. You were making jokes that he was the shooter. He thought that was crazy. He said, I mean, he must have heard us when he walked in, but he had no reaction. 'cause we were talking pretty loudly. We were right there. Hmm. They said that the shooter was sitting in the corner eating hash browns. He does know that he was surprised that the shooter stayed as long as he did, considering he's on the run. But again, at the time he did not really think that. Larry did not think that that was the united shooter. But one of the employees at McDonald's clearly did. A 26-year-old man is promptly arrested at McDonald's, and I'm sure you've all seen the news by now.


That man is Luigi Mangione. He was considered a missing person. His mom filed a missing persons report for him November 18th of this year. But apparently he hasn't been in contact with his family for the past few months. In his backpack, police alleged there was a 3D printed ghost gun, a 3D printed silencer, a loaded Glock magazine with six nine millimeter rounds and apparently multiple fake IDs, including one that was allegedly used to check into the New York City Hotel. By the person of interest in the pictures, there was a US passport, $10,000 in cash. The police alleged that there was $8,000 in USD and $2,000 in foreign currency, which is gonna be debated later.


They state that there was clothes face masks that were similar to what the suspect used, as well as a water bottle and a kind bar wrapper with fingerprints allegedly matching those found near the crime scene. They also state that they found a spiral notebook containing entries and thoughts as well as almost like to-do lists, as well as a three page manifesto that legacy media did not wanna release. All these networks had his manifesto in possession. You're kidding me? They would, yes. They would quote from a here and there. Ken Klippenstein is the independent journalist that released it, and he writes my queries to the New York Times, Washington Post CN and NBC to explain their rationale for withholding the manifesto while gladly quoting from it selectively have not been answered.


That is some wild stuff. Yeah. I mean the research for this case was very disorienting. I would go onto mainstream media and the rhetoric, the tone was so disconnected from even their own comment section, even their own, not even just Twitter and TikTok, their own comment sections, their own audience, their yeah, their own audience is like, are you dumb? Yeah, but the manifesto reads in full to the feds. I'll keep this short because I do respect what you do for our country to save you a lengthy investigation. I state plainly that I wasn't working with anyone. This was fairly trivial.


Some elementary social engineering, basic CAD and a lot of patients, the spiral notebook, if president has some straggling notes and to-do lists that illuminate the gist of it. My tech is pretty locked down because I work in engineering, so probably not much info in there. I do apologize for any strife or trauma, but it had to be done. Frankly, these parasites simply had it coming. A reminder, the US has the number one most expensive healthcare system in the world, yet we rank roughly 42 in life expectancy. United is the largest company in the US by market cap behind only Apple, Google, Walmart. It has grown and grown, but has our life expectancy. No. The reality is these indecipherable words have simply gotten too powerful and they continue to abuse our country for immense profit because the American public has allowed them to get away with it.


Obviously the problem is more complex, but I do not have space, and frankly, I do not pretend to be the most qualified person to lay out the full argument. But many have illuminated the corporation and greed decades ago and the problems simply remain. It is not an issue of awareness at this point, but clearly power games at play, evidently I am the first to face it with such brutal honesty. This spiral notebook, at least as of right now, hasn't been fully released, but there are sources that state he had brief ideas, considerations of bombing Manhattan, but decided against it because it would quote kill innocence. So he went for a far more targeted approach writing. So then what do you do? You go to the annual parasitic bean counter convention to whack the CEO.


It's targeted, precise, and doesn't risk innocence. What would be better than killing the CEO at his own bean counting conference? Bean counting is like just I, I don't know. I would picture the Lord of the Rings counting your little rings and beans. Which side note, let's not forget this is alleged. You can write whatever you want on whatever piece of notebook in your possession. That would be free speech, right? So just keep in mind people are innocent until proven guilty in the court of law. Perhaps Luigi was so delusional that he truly believed that United's top executives gathered together to count how many pinto beans they each have. Right? Everybody is innocent until proven guilty. You can write whatever you want.


That doesn't necessarily imply guilt. Or maybe he thought this was a plot of a movie that he could sell to Netflix. Again, take everything with a grain of salt, but the police are saying this is like a slam dunk case. Just saying in his Good Reads account, he did state that he wanted to read the biography of the creator of the atomic bomb, and he did rate the uni bomber's book four stars. So there's that. However, what does that even really mean, right? I could read any book. Five stars in the midst of researching this case was when Luigi Mangione was arrested while I was in the midst of researching and the shit storm just began. This man's entire digital footprint comes out within a day or two since his arrest and probably more so twinkling and now they found Zen's found his Twitter account.


This guy seems very normal. He liked posts about caffeine. It's amazing how caffeine really is the only drug that has reached this level of social acceptance. Imagine someone saying the first line of cocaine in the morning is one of my favorite things in life or without my morning joint. I can't function. He liked this or just a forum screenshot. Again, not his words, just a repost, but maybe it can shed some light on his viewpoints. The screenshot is of someone asking the question, what are your thoughts on this quote? It is no measure of good health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. Mm. Someone responds. Those who feel strong aversion to adjusting to a maladjusted society are deemed mentally ill alcoholics, substance abusers or slackers, they are corralled into a 12 step group and or a mental hospital or placed on medication or even just shunned all in the attempt to make them conform and fit in when what really needs to happen is change in the society itself.


He reposts another quote. Being smart makes you more prone to confirmation bias. Luigi allegedly elaborates on this viewpoint stating in retrospect it shouldn't have been surprising Confirmation biases. What happens when that little lawyer in your head takes control of your thinking process? And smart people have a very smart little lawyer in there to which ENT have commented. Yeah, well, you better get a lawyer a call. They find Luigi's Instagram, which has since been taken down his Good Reads account, like I was telling you. Also taken down his LinkedIn and it shows that he graduated in 2020 with a bachelor's degree from the Ivy League UPenn, and then eventually went on to get a master's in computer science and minor in mathematics.


He was even valedictorian at his private prep school. He went to Gilman. It's this elite all boys school that costs nearly $40,000 per year for high school. He, he gave a valedictorian speech where he explains, the teachers at Gilman influenced me, especially they encouraged less of a desire to achieve high grades, but instead encouraged more of an excitement to explore academic topics outside of the classroom while citizens are constructing this profile of the alleged shooter. They're getting more confused because I don't think this is who they thought it would be in the beginning, and it seems like this is what medicines describe as the healthcare industry's worst case scenario of who the shooter could be because the shooter is not a minority.


The shooter is not from an underprivileged class. The shooter is well educated. Ivy League educated from a privileged class is a white attractive male. It's a very interesting profile that starts coming together. He says that he wanted to study biology and ai. He was on the robotics team. Side note, former classmates of Luigi's have spoken out and one former classmate says he was like a leader in our class. I mean, everyone knew him as this quiet reserve nice kid. He's obviously very intelligent. Everyone could tell that by his resume. Of course, it's been said that even his family is of a very prominent influential family in Maryland. His grandfather allegedly made a lot of money as a real estate developer who owned country clubs, nursing homes.


They are related to healthcare. They have connections to healthcare and even a radio station. He passed away in 2008 from a stroke. His grandmother passed away in 2023 from Parkinson's. So Luigi's grandparents, they pass away, but his parents themselves are also doing well for themselves in the family business. There's actually quite a lot of debates on whether or not Luigi and his family could potentially be wealthier than Brian Thompson. Wow. Brian Thompson's net worth is estimated to be around $43 million. It is unclear what the mangione are worth. Exactly, but people find it an interesting discussion, perhaps even more riveting is the fact that Luigi is allegedly included in a will from his grandmother.


That could be anywhere between 30 million to a hundred million dollars. It's not just for Luigi himself, but they have a very large Italian family. Anybody who is charged and convicted of a felony for fits their right to any inheritance. So it appears that if that is true, Luigi does not care for money. Wow. And there's a lot of money in his family. They donated over a million dollars to the local hospital. Greater Baltimore Medical Center, the unit for high risk obstetrics has the Mangione family name on there. They have the Mangione Family Foundation that supports nonprofit healthcare facilities. They run a real estate healthcare connected empire with nursing homes. Even more fascinating is Luigi's.


Immediate cousin is Nino Mangione. He's a Maryland state delegate, known to be quite conservative. He describes himself as quote, conservative Republican fighting for freedom in the future of Maryland. He actually had to cancel his political fundraisers because of Luigi's arrest. He states, because of the nature of this terrible condition involving my cousin, I do not believe it is appropriate to hold fundraising events scheduled this Thursday. I want to thank you for your thoughts and prayers and support. My family and I are heartbroken and ask that you remember the family of Mr. Thompson and your prayers. But like I said, it appears that Luigi has not been in contact with this very wealthy family because they reported him missing a month ago and they state that they haven't spoken to him in months.


And I think once people start digging into Luigi getting his Twitter Good reads Instagram. The question is, why did he kill Brian Thompson, the CEO of UnitedHealthcare? One of the last quotes that he ever liked on Good Reads is from the Dr. Seuss book, the Lorax it reads, unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. Some ENTs have joked that the Lorax radicalized Luigi, but is that really why the shell casings on the bullet used to kill Brian Thompson? There were three left behind at the crime scene and there were three words etched into each of the bullets.


One bullet says delay. The next one says deny. And the last one interestingly says depose. Depose means to remove someone from officer power to dethrone someone. Oh my God, I didn't know it was like three separate ones. Yes, I thought it was all engraved on one of Them. Three separate ones. Three shots fired. That's even more Like a lot of thought. Yeah, a lot of planning. Now it seems to be a reference to the book called Delay Deny Defend, which is a book written about how insurance companies get away with denying care and denying claims. Literally, they will deny and delay the payment of justified claims, deny payment altogether, and then eventually they'll defend their actions by forcing customers to enter in these very pricey litigations that they know that they're not capable of doing one that is in rights online.


When I delivered my son 16 years ago, I had two different insurance plans, one through my employer and another through my husband's employer. Both of them were allegedly United. Two plans, right? So better coverage, right, wrong. UnitedHealthcare spent months arguing with itself over which of our plans would cover what medical expenses during which time the hospital were still billing me, sending me to collections, et cetera. My son then got sick at seven weeks, another hospitalization, another round of arguing which plan was gonna pay what? Long story short, $15,000 in medical bills within seven weeks. Two insurance plans, bankruptcy due to medical bills that UnitedHealthcare wouldn't cover because it couldn't figure out which of their two policies was gonna pay for it.


Bankruptcy two. Insurance plans got a love UnitedHealthcare delay denied. Defend another rights. My mom is currently dealing with UnitedHealthcare saying she has almost reached her lifetime max and they will not cover anything after she reaches it. She has maybe a month or two left. She has stage four cancer and there was no evidence of disease, but she gets treatment every three weeks to keep the cancer away. My parents have tried everything. Marketplace insurance does not cover her drugs. She tried to get a job just for insurance, but hasn't found anything Now we just found out that her cancer is back and she's starting new chemo. Her doctor's advice was for my mom to divorce my dad so she could qualify for Medicaid.


What kind of country do we live in? What kind of company would just allow someone to die for profit? Her chemo is $30,000 a month. No one has that kind of money. She cannot get a job now because she's sick from chemo. We're hoping to figure out what to do with her. It's the last thing. Someone who is fighting for her life should be dealing with delay, deny defend. Medical divorce is actually quite common. There was a heartbreaking story a few years ago, and this is just one story that gains a lot of traction, but this happens on a daily basis where a, a woman was engaged to marry the love of her life. She has brain cancer. They had this beautiful wedding ceremony, but they could not get married legally because she doesn't wanna pass on medical debt to her husband.


Another medicine rights. My 52-year-old mom felt like her cancer was returning and was growing. UnitedHealthcare denied a scan my mom needed. They were delaying it, saying she needed to wait eight more weeks because it hadn't been long enough since her last scan. At any rate, without a scan, chemotherapy cannot be restarted or any sort of radiation treatment. We could not afford to pay thousands out of pocket. My mom was barely working. Her coworkers donated their own sick hours at work so that she could keep her insurance because if you get fired from your job, you lose your insurance. We were barely scraping by. Things were stressful and money was already so tight and after some ER visits and multiple medical issues, the time finally came the time United said we could get a scan.


The scans the cancer had already spread to my mom's brain, but now it was too late for anything to be done. We were told that they would have needed to start treatment weeks ago to prevent it from getting to that point, and there was pretty much nothing that could be done now. She was the kindest and person and most caring person. She cared about everyone she met one day after we bought groceries with most of the funds we currently had left. I was driving home and she rolled down her window and handed a man without a home $20 and gave him a big smile. $20 was a lot for us at that time. She looked at me and said he needed it more than us and that we would be okay.


I smiled and I nodded back. United robbed us of more time with my mom. Maybe she wouldn't have lived another year with the scan and chemo when she first noticed returning symptoms or maybe she would've lived a few years. We don't really know. But without the scan, without the chemo, without the radiation, they were actively taking coins out of the meter of her life instead of just refusing to feed it. Healthcare profits not just by denying claims, but also largely profits by delaying services. They hold onto their money and save thousands of dollars on my mom and people like her by essentially letting her die more quickly and not having to pay for additional chemotherapy or for radiation, extra doctor's visits and fewer overall hospital visits.


Their criminal enterprise operating under our noses by lining the pockets of lawmakers, forcing smaller healthcare facilities and independent pharmacies to close limiting access to healthcare locations, to millions of Americans, especially in smaller towns, denying delaying lifesaving services all while profiting billions and more every single year. That CEO died a far too quick and comfortable death in comparison to my mother and people like her who are suffering every day and barely get by financially, physically and mentally while modern day mobsters toy with their lives for profit. When that shooter's story finally comes out, it's going to resonate with many of us. I've always thought myself a very impartial juror, very open to facts and fair punishment and treatment and playing by the rules, but I don't think I could in good conscious find this person guilty in a court of law.


You may say, who are you to say he should pay with his life? I would respond with who are you to say that my mom and innumerable other Americans should have paid with her life and by suffering just to simply line his pockets with a few extra bucks. I'm an atheist, however it days like this that I wish there was a health because it's people like the United Healthcare, CEO, who deserve to spend an eternity suffering for what they've done to others for their own gain. He and United Healthcare are not out here starving on the streets, stealing a loaf of bread to eat. They are dragons, amassing wealth while raising our cities. Delay, deny, defend, and sure if someone is heartless, they could blame the customers somehow by stating, well, it can't be everyone.


But how is it that pretty much every division that United UnitedHealthcare touches other than the shareholders and people making millions off the company, there's at least some people with horrendous life altering experiences, even their own employees. One alleged UnitedHealthcare employee states that once she got a call from a customer, a client technically who's in tears, they were telling her that they were gonna die because of the medication that they need to live is $1,500 a month. They don't have that and United, the people that they pay to be insured won't cover it. She says her superiors told her the only appropriate answer for someone like that is to tell them, contact the drug manufacturer and see if they'll give you a manufacturer's coupon.


The same alleged former United employee states that a man had called in once crying stating that his doctor told him that he needs to get this very specific medication but it's not covered. She Googles it, sees that there's a brand name version and a generic version. United will cover the generic version, not the brand name, and instead of thousands of dollars a month that he cannot pay, it's going to be 20, $30 a month and United has to cover the rest. She helps him out, gets it covered through United, he's so moved, so touched by her generosity of doing the human thing that as a way to show his gratitude, he starts sending flowers to their office to show her managers that she's stellar at her job. She should get rewarded for it.


She should be promoted, and it's supposed to be this beautiful story with a beautiful end, right? She is reprimanded. Her manager tells her that she should never do that again. On the grounds that the insurance rejected the claim for the medication. She went behind the insurer's back to find an alternative. We said, no, basically don't go behind our backs and make us pay. She says, can you imagine paying into insurance and paying into a company that literally is designed to make sure you don't get the care you need, and then watching your kids, your parents, your grandparents, your spouse, be unloved because you cannot afford these astronomical amounts that are not regulated at all. That's enough to make a person snap.


I hate to say this, but this is what the employee says, former, if you play devilish games, you're gonna get devilish prizes. Another alleged former employee of United says, the call that broke me was a woman calling in about a bill she received. Her 6-year-old just died from a brain tumor and they were planning the funeral when they got notice that they were being sued by a doctor because UnitedHealthcare hadn't paid a nearly $1.4 million claim. I couldn't really help her. Our call center was just for checking if something was in network or covered, but I could see her claim. One person remarks that the bullet casings having words engraved on them is quote, that's what we call poetic justice.


For a while there were speculations that Luigi Manjii had United Healthcare and had encountered some of these insurance nightmare stories like everybody else, but it's been stated that he was never a customer of united. However, EZ are still putting the dots together according to his good reads. In 2022, Luigi starts reading books about chronic back pain. The first is crooked outwitting the back pain industry and getting on the road to recovery and back mechanic by Dr. Stewart McGill. Also why we get sick, the hidden epidemic at the root of most chronic diseases and how to fight it. His X account header is an x-ray photo of someone's back that shows four giant screws in the lower spine, which appears to be from a back surgery that he might have had to treat a condition called spondylothesis, which is when one of the vertebrae in your spine slips out of position, it starts putting pressure on the vertebrae below it.


So your spine is made up of 33 stacked bones called the vertebrae. Your vertebrae are linked together, but they can move depending on how you move, change your posture. But if you have spon is what they call it, one of your vertebrae moves more than it should and slides out of its usual spot. It's now the real pain happens when that puts pressure or even pinches a nerve in your back. Mm. Can it be like repositioned Through surgery, which is rough? Oh, that's why there's the Okay screws to position it and once you've screw it in place, I mean you lose a good part of normal mobility.


I mean, I guess it depends per person, but it's, it's pretty rough. A lot of doctors don't recommend surgery because it's not gonna be fun afterwards either one. Doctor states the condition can be very painful if the nerves are pinched. Putting weight on your spine can hurt a lot. It's an excruciating type of pain and it doesn't go away with conservative management. Medications aren't going help, injections aren't going to help. It can lead to high impact chronic pain. This is chronic pain that will impact daily acts, schoolwork, daily self-care work. These people are more likely to struggle with mood, with one's ability to get restorative sleep, to manage the distress and anxiety that can naturally occur with pain that's going to be disrupted.


You can't even sleep. Another doctor states for someone with spon. Physical therapy can be excruciating and won't necessarily help. It's sort of like a torture. Luigi had briefly done a remote stay in Hawaii as he was remote working. He was staying in this dorm like structure with a bunch of people that were working remote and the landlord of that structure says when I first interviewed him, because they all have to be interviewed, they want everyone to get along. It's like a co-living situation. When he moved in, I remember he said he had a back issue and he was hoping to get stronger in Hawaii. Luigi allegedly told the landlord that he had chronic pain from a pinched nerve from a misaligned spine spon. The landlord states, he said his lower vertebrae were almost like a half inch off and I think it pinched a nerve sometimes he would be doing well and other times not.


I mean it was pretty traumatic and difficult that he just took one basic surfing lesson that beginners take. He was completely bedridden for a week. Oh, this is just from a little lesson that he took? No, so he had it already and the doctors told him that he could be mobile. Oh, okay. And he should be mobile. So he takes one basic surfing lesson and he becomes bedridden for a week. So it seems that it exacerbated it. He went on to say that Luigi quote, he knew that dating and being physically intimate with his back condition was not possible. I remember him telling me that and my heart just breaks. He said he felt sad for Luigi because Luigi is this young, smart, accomplished, upbeat engineer.


He seems very much into being active fitness. He loved hiking, surfing, all of these things and he can't even do that anymore. But he does remember that Luigi told him he was gonna get spinal surgery in 2023, so he texted Luigi. This is after he moves out of Hawaii. Luigi just responds. Long story. When asked about how the surgery went, no more text messages after that. No matter how often he tried to contact Luigi, he would text him, yo, you awake, where in the world argue nothing. Radio silence. Netan were quick to find a Reddit account called Mr. Underscore Cactus that seems to belong to Luigi. He apparently liked to post about travel gear, Pokemon Go, spinal pain, everything adds up.


Age college. What he was interested in, in one forum about s Bondi, Luigi allegedly writes, I first aggravated my S Bundy one and a half years ago after surfing a surfing incident. My back and hips locked up after that accident and my whole lumbar and hips have been out of whack since then. Something is probably putting pressure on the sacral nerves that innervate the groin and butt area. Here's sponges. Yeah, it was when I was surfing about a year and a half ago. Basically the extension movement destabilized my s Bondi. A few weeks later I slipped on a piece of paper and my right glute locked and right leg shut down for a week, couldn't support any weight on it. Eventually calmed down, but the stability was compromised and the glute keeps thighs in place.


I guess he warns other redditors. If there is anything tight in your hips, maybe check it out with a pt. Not to scare you, but you know my numbness has become constant numbness in his body. Wow. In another comment, he explains how he wants to get surgery because I mean likely he's in a lot of pain and cannot even be mobile when there's a redditer talking about how their surgeon won't operate on their back. He comments keep trying different surgeons. If your back is broken and it's unlivable, it age has nothing to do with it. Good surgeons understand this and will operate you on, based on your symptoms and anatomy. Tell them that you're unable to work.


Do your job. We live in a capitalist society. I found that the medical industry responds to these key words, I can't work. It's impacting my ability to work and make a living far more urgently than you describing unbearable pain and how it's impacting your quality of life. Mm. Or plan Z. Fake a foot drop or piss yourself. This is the absolute nuclear option, but there comes a point where it's just ridiculous that people won't operate on your broken spine if this account is really Luigi. He's pretty consistent and positive with uplifting people that are suffering similar symptoms as him, while acknowledging how debilitating they are because again, keep in mind this is technically an anonymous account.


He never releases his name if this is him, he never says, Hey, these are my friends. Please look at my friends. Nobody knows. It's him writing these comments and when you see anonymous accounts on the internet, more likely than not they are some of the most malicious people alive, but he writes to others, stop being sedentary when you're an energetic person and used to being so active is one of the worst aspects of this, but there are still ways to keep your mind and body active while you heal. I spent a lot of time doing yoga, being mindful to avoid certain positions, which was very different for me than my typical routine of weightlifting and martial arts. But I actually have learned a lot and didn't mind the transition at all. Basically, there are still options.


Using your body, however it is currently capable, will not only be critical for your mental health but also helpful in your speedy recovery. There are also, there are always some activities that fall between your normal routine and nothing. Even if it initially feels like it's the only option is being sedentary. Hope that helps. Sorry, you have to go through this in another forum about sleep and discipline. It reads, why do I feel like vomiting sensations throughout the day if my sleep the previous night is not good? Luigi allegedly comments. This has been happening to me since high school. I'm currently in college any night I would sleep less than six hours, which is a conscious choice, not it. Unexpected poor sleep. I would feel nauseous.


Is that unusual? I thought it was normal, to be honest. This is where it gets very interesting. A lot of people with chronic back pain have commented that it's not just your physical that declines when the pain is so bad you lose cognitive focus, your mi. It's not like you can lay in bed and still have a whole wonderful world in your mind or be a, be able to be on the internet and be a part of society in some way. He comments on a post about brain fog and he writes significant cognitive decline. Any thoughts? That's what the original poster writes. Luigi allegedly responds. I have been experiencing symptoms of brain fog since I was 15.


I'm also a very critical, logical thinker like yourself. My symptoms were very minor at first and I was able to excel in high school, but the symptoms worsened exponentially last year after my fraternity's very tame hell week, I simply wasn't able to recover from a week of disturbed sleep. It's absolutely brutal to have such a life halting issue, especially since the issue itself wears down the critical and logical thinking mind you'd usually use to tackle the problem. The people around you probably won't understand your symptoms. They certainly didn't for me. As each test came back negative, the doctors won't have a fucking clue what's going on. I'm sure you already know most of this, but basically I just wanna say that you're not alone. Stay strong. If you ever wanna talk, I'm sure there's a lot we can learn from each other's stories.


He further comments that it could have been when he contracted Lyme disease when he was 13 years old. That's when he started noticing the cognitive decline. He says, after my symptoms severely worsened last year I underwent several rounds of blood tests. Two of them included Lyme. I'm not sure the specific tests, but the results were negative. Do you think this definitely rules out Lyme or is it possible to still have Lyme given negative results? Okay, the brain fog thing, I see a lot of people making fun of it on the internet, which I think is crazy. I know brain fog sounds like a silly little issue. I've personally dealt with long bouts of brain fog it. You don't even recognize yourself. You want to pull out your hair. It impacts even the way that you see yourself. Your whole identity, self-identity, even it's, it was quite unexpected and unusually painful.


He writes, working through the brain fog to get my degree has certainly been tougher than anything I ever thought I could handle. Granted, I went from almost entirely a's, as a at a tough school to just passing my classes and not understanding anything. You know, putting in probably twice the amount of work. There were quite a few times that I considered dropping out, but ultimately I decided that dropping would be much worse. The days when I don't have any work seems to be the worst. Struggling to understand lectures and homework is difficult, but having the same level of difficulty when trying to watch YouTube or read an interesting book is even worse. I can't even enjoy my free time. I think it's important to hold onto everything for as long as we can.


Every year I've improved as a person learning new things, meeting new people, et cetera. Last year I ceased to tackle anything new and simply held onto what I had built up over the years. Soon it might be impossible to even pass my classes at that point. It seems like the no knowledge lifestyle is the only option. As you say. I also used excuses for why my grades started tanking. I used to tell my friends that GPA doesn't matter much for computer science, so I don't care by hiding the symptoms though I stop myself from getting advice from them, which has definitely turned out to be helpful. He's saying it's embarrassing, but just tell your friends, don't make excuses because they could help you. He says at the same time, hiding your symptoms only makes it harder for people to believe you once you finally reveal it to them.


Last year was when it all started, I used to play chess daily against my roommate. I used it as a metric to see how the brain fog was improving. Eventually I just stopped since I could never ever remember any strategy. He would use the same moves against me day after day and I just wouldn't remember them. So is this like a separate medical issue that he's having or is it related to his spine? According to his alleged Reddit account, it could be from Lyme disease. Zens have argued both those with Lyme say, yeah, that sounds exactly what I'm going through, but also people with chronic back pain say, this is exactly what I'm going through and the fact that he could potentially have both could have made it exponentially worse And then there's also at the same time, no help.


Yeah, or at least it seems like he wasn't even satisfied or something probably went wrong with the surgery. Right? Yeah. When he say long story, it's not, it's not a good story. No. In another Reddit thread, he admits to having visual snow, which is a neurological condition that a person experiences persistent visual disturbances. It's like seeing static over everything, just tiny flickering dots everywhere. It feels like you're stuck in a snow globe. Visual snow, it's considered a pretty rare condition, but one medicine says the brain fog and visual snow can be symptoms of the back condition he has. The pain can be so unimaginable that it leads to that one medicine who claims they have the same condition as Luigi.


They write. I would often end my days whimpering on the floor because I couldn't keep going that day. I almost passed out in an airport bathroom, then realized I had been peeing on my shoe. It's hard to think when you're in that much pain, if your brain starts to shut down from the pain, it can affect your vision and give you visual snow. But it seems like according to the Reddit comments that he's allegedly leaving, he seems optimistic about getting this surgery that he allegedly had in 2023 prior to the surgery. He comments the doctors, a bunch of them decided no operation is required for me anytime soon, but basically recommended I avoid any and all physical activities outside swimming and physiotherapy. Bizarre yet common advice from sedentary people who don't live life to the fullest.


In my opinion, if your spine is broken and unstable to the point where you can't run, do you want to be walking around with it? What are you gonna do? Wait until you take a bad fall and the instability causes some real nerve damage and you need surgery. The same account posts, after getting the alleged spinal fusion surgery in July, 2023, he writes that within days he was able to sit up on his own stand and even walk just fine. He says quote, the surgery was not nearly as scary as I made it out to be in my head and I knew it was the right decision within a week. So it sounds good in that moment initially, but perhaps the surgery did not go as planned because one of his close friends allegedly states the back surgery is what changed everything for him.


He went absolutely crazy. They said he went off the grid. He did not talk to his family, he did not talk to his friends, nothing. He was solo traveling. Some state that he was probably in Japan for a brief moment in time. Others were trying to, his friends were trying to tweet at Luigi saying, are you okay? You know what's going on with you? They say, Hey man, I need you to call me. I don't know if you're okay or just in a super isolated place and have no service, but I haven't heard from you in months. You made commitments to me for my wedding and if you can't honor them, I need to know so I can plan accordingly. October, 2024, another tweet. Hey, are you okay? Nobody has heard from you in months and apparently your family is looking for you.


November 26th, 2024 thinking of you and prayers every day in your name. Know that you are missed and loved. November 27th, 2024. They just keep at Luigi his handle. One of Luigi's friends said that he sent him an x-ray of his back after surgery and they said iot, it just giant screws going down his spine and this new information has caused a lot of medicines to relate to Luigi's story. I feel like everybody knows someone or they themselves have been directly impacted with the torture system. That is the healthcare system in the United States these days. But some medicines don't care. They say, this is not an excuse.


I had the exact same surgery at 21. I'm now 46 years old. I live my life in pain and I've had multiple surgeries since and you know what I didn't do murder someone to which one net is in response. Do you wanna a high five for that? Others? Point out that we're all on the same side. Did you not just read what you posted? They write sounds to me like you've suffered needlessly and terribly at the hands of private and insurance companies. I don't think you should be so self-congratulatory about not killing someone over it. Most people, of course, would not have the gall to throw their life away like that, but he did. Others comment, chronic pain can send someone off the deep end. It eats up the brain, the soul.


I mean really, I have been there. Another comment is when chronic pain is really bad, even just a week or two with no relief day in day out, it's hard to even want to be alive. If his pain was that bad and he was in this state, I would imagine he decided to do something of consequence before he died. He could have been at the end of his rope insinuating that he could have made the decision to self exit by this point. Another writes, my dad has spon and when it first started, he turned into a person I barely recognized. The pain became so intense, he became bitter and threatening and upset. I get this and remember how previously other Zens were saying, well, he's a coward for shooting Brian Thompson in the back.


Some Zens point out that perhaps Luigi wasn't cowardly when he shot Brian Thompson in the back. They write maybe it meant something regardless of Luigi's motive. Luigi has started what many zens feel is a moment for class consciousness. I personally don't recall the last time so many zens were united about something that is normally so divisive, which brings into the equation what are Luigi's political ideologies. There have been debates on whether or not Luigi swings left or right, which there seems to be differing opinions or maybe he himself is confused. He does consistently repost on Twitter famous podcasters and authors who typically have a more right-leaning audience.


He also rated JD Vance's, hillbilly Elegy three stars, his book, which is not the worst rating, but considering he gave the Unabomber four stars, I'd say it's not a great thing, but he could be conservative and not a fan of the incoming administration. I don't really know. It's interesting that some medicines are trying so hard to figure out his political ideologies and see If he is in alignment with their own before deciding how to feel. I did see some point out just for I guess being in depth, pointing out that there are red flags that he's read and rated biographies on Elon Musk, but he's also read the Hunger Games trilogy. So people are really confused because these two don't align.


You know, Elon Musk Hunger Games. They're not on the same page. He's also read The Little Prince some Netan cannot understand his political ideology based off his Good Reads account, believing there to be some green flags, some red flags. But one Netan comments. As an avid reader and librarian, I don't find his reading and ratings of some of these books as a red flag. I actually think it's really important to read things that are arguing oppositional views to your own, and some people are kind of losing the plot on this one that is in comments that he rated Elon Musk's biography highly. So he is a red flag. Luigi is a red flag to which someone responds. You can still appreciate something without agreeing with it. You can even give a book. You disagree with high ratings if it gave you good insight into a new point of view or understanding that you again, don't agree with others.


Continue to argue agree. But rating Elon Musk's five stars is a real red flag. He's wacky to which someone responds. It was a biography of Musk, not a book written by him. You can dislike a person and still appreciate an author for a good biography. But then others point out that he is very much, Luigi is very much into ai, so perhaps he is an Elon Musk fan, but Zen also point out that he also seems to like Peter Thiel and he has tweeted about him in recent years, which Zens don't like. Peter Thiel is was a co-founder for PayPal. Interestingly, both Peter Thiel and Elon Musk are from the so-called dubbed PayPal mafia, which Elon Musk was fired from PayPal and replaced by Peter Thiel.


So they're known to have a contentious love-hate relationship, but they both have very close ties to the incoming administration. Peter Thiel was allegedly the former mentor to JD Vance, the incoming vp. So their relationship is seemingly intertwined and now people are calling into question, wait, who side is Luigi on? But I will say for this case, most zens don't care. They don't care where he lies politically, at least not in relation to Luigi. They think regardless, this is a moment that we finally have to talk about healthcare to open this meaningful dialogue. Do we really need it to be left versus right? When really what it is is up versus down, it's who's at the top and who's being denied coverage and dying at the bottom.


That's what it is they're saying. It doesn't matter your political affiliations, when there are massive healthcare insurance companies denying your claims, they don't ask you, Hey, do you like this person or this party or this politicians or this tech founder who's doing some crazy things like, do you like this person or that person? They don't care and they're saying that anyone that's trying to have that conversation is doing a disservice to all those Americans that are getting denied coverage. Other Edisons have taken to just joking about it. They think the fact that he favorited the bullet journal is kind of funny. They comment, he may have misunderstood what bullet journal means.


Additionally, many Edisons really like Luigi based off of his Reddit account. His other accounts have his name and likeness. So all of his friends and family, probably the administrators at UPenn can see his LinkedIn, can see his Twitter, his Instagram if they really want. But his Reddit account was more or less anonymous. And the way that he speaks comments and interacts with Ence, there is not a single mean comment. Yeah, yeah, you, you can tell what kind of person he Is. Yeah, they believe he's a decent guy. He would tell strangers on the internet, you'll do great whatever you decide. We can't be afraid to live our own lives to the fullest. Of course, always feel free to DM me if you have any questions in the future. Sorry, you're also a member of the shitty back club, but know that you'll be fine.


Whatever you decide or surgery is scary, but the sooner you get past this, the better. Good luck with the neurosurgeon consult. Did you see the The Chinese girl? Yes. Okay. So there was this Chinese post that went viral on red, which is a Chinese social media app, and she was talking about how her friend was at the same Hawaii dorms that Luigi was in, and the post has been slightly mistranslated. It's come onto American social media stating that the girl was talking about how Luigi was so sweet. Everybody called him sweet. He was down to earth, very smart, very brilliant. And anytime he would eat ice cream from the communal freezer, he would replace it.


So that was how it was translated and it went viral in America. And people are saying that is so sweet because most people won't replace ice cream that they ever ate. But the truth of the Chinese post is actually much sweeter because the post is, her friend had just mentioned in passing, like, Ugh, I ran out of ice cream. And Luigi came with ice cream and it was really well decorated. He took painter's tape. 'cause I guess he didn't have ribbon lying around 'cause who has ribbon lying around. And he used the painter's tape to wrap it and do a little painter's tape bow at the top. But some medicines don't agree writing. The guy pops out from behind a car and shoots someone who is defenseless in the back killing him.


And Reddit is over here saying, what a kind guy, I'm not sure kind is the right word to describe a killer who made generic supportive comments on Reddit. Another comment reads, yeah, he committed cold-blooded murder because of his overwhelming kindness. But a lot more people are supporting Luigi even in the same facility that Luigi is being held in after his arrest. He's in Pennsylvania as of filming this, he's fighting the extradition to New York. If he goes to New York, he's gonna be held at Rikers Island. But the inmates of that same compound, they're screaming out the window towards the reporters. Luigi's conditions suck free Luigi, which one that is in comment reads inmates shouting Free Luigi.


And not free us should tell you everything about that man. But this interview by News Nation is actually quite fascinating. I've never seen an interview conducted in this manner. They told inmates because the inmates were watching their show, so they told them to watch at a certain time. The inmates have TVs in their cells, they turn on the news and they can see Ashley, the host talking. Then they have another reporter outside the prison and they can see him too. And he can see the inmates capturing all of this. And they're screaming out the window, responding to the questions being asked on tv. They're asked if their dinner was good, yes or no. And they screamed terrible. It was terrible.


That's bs because they release what the inmates eat every day and they say, that's not what we're eating. Oh, like fake food, fake photos. Yeah. Oh my God. Like fake menus. The inmates later confided that they're getting punished for speaking with journalist. Yeah, this whole case is becoming more and more thick and crazy. So while inmates are allegedly getting punished for telling reporters to free Luigi, many security firms have stated that there's a lot of fear. Corporate leaders are now grappling with one critical question. How vulnerable are we? One security firm states companies that adapt quickly and take proactive steps to mitigate risks, or not just protecting their executives.


They're safeguarding their futures, such as Meta that spends more than $24 million a year on security for its top executives. But for the major corporations that don't, they seem very nervous. Some top corporate security providers have reported a massive influx of calls from potential new clients. To put it simply, every C-suite executive at any major corporation now wants a bodyguard, which of course, zens think is just dripping in bloody irony. Other zens think it's slightly reasonable considering new wanted posters have popped up here and there in New York City wanted posters for top healthcare CEOs. It shows Optum Health, CEO, the CEO of UnitedHealth Group, Andrew Witty, you know, so Brian's boss's bosses and wanted posters with the now late Brian Thompson with a big red X over his face.


The wanted posters read, wanted denying medical care for corporate profit. Healthcare. CEO should not feel safe. United killed everyday people for the sake of profit. As a result, Brian Thompson was denied his claim to life. Who will be denied next, deny, defend, de oppose. I will say, I guess in subjectively this could be argued as being threatening, but I've never seen the NYPD so up in arms about something. The way they talk about these wanted posters is so bizarre, so outraged by these wanted posters, which again, I guess you could say they're not in good taste, but to be that, yeah, it's just that enraged.


So ironic. So ironic. If you, if your ex-boyfriend made a wanted poster with your face, a regular civilian on there, posted them all over New York City, you probably wouldn't even be able to get a restraining order. The NYPD would be like, well, did he kill you yet? No. Did he commit a crime yet? No. Freedom of speech moving on Next, get out of our precinct. Isn't that what some people are saying? Like they couldn't get them like that. This ex-boyfriend's harassing me for years. Yes. And they wouldn't do Anything. Nothing. And here they are just up in arms. Yeah. About these wanted posters. So again, I think they're just making the situation worse. Alongside that are pictures on social media that are circulating of the salaries of the eight biggest health insurance CEOs along with their names and pictures, which is not illegal by the way.


These are publicly traded companies. They are required to release, I think at least their CEOs and I think like a handful of their top executives along with their salaries. Yeah, this is public information, but NYPD does not like it. Stating this has the capability to inspire a variety of extremists and grievance driven malicious actors to violence. It's clear the police are very upset and the zens have said, matter of fact, let's talk about you to then. The NYPD budget for 2024 is $6.3 billion of taxpayer money. They say, what are you Doing?


NYPD alone is $6.3 billion N-Y-P-D-A year. One year. That's Insane. Wow. Yeah. And now citizens are saying, what are you doing to solve regular everyday people's murders? Huh? Do you send scuba divers into the lakes at Central Park? Because that's our first time seeing that Nets also feel the way NYPD acts like they took a dangerous criminal off the streets before he potentially harmed normal people like you and I is goofy. The officer that arrested Luigi in Pennsylvania, his name is ironically, officer Fry, and Luigi was arrested at McDonald's. So people think the plot keeps getting thicker. He says, I can't say I was expecting it by any means, but it feels good to get a guy like that off the street, especially starting my career this way.


Which Officer Fright just started his career. That's crazy. Which a lot of people believe highlights, again, how not in sync out of touch, frankly. They're not saying risk your life and don't arrest people that need to be arrested, I guess, right? But they're saying why make this statement say nothing if you have say nothing. They're saying the police, big corporations, mainstream media are so out of touch with public sentiment. Again, not saying that if someone is committing a crime, the police should do nothing about it. Just, I mean, there's got to be a better way for him to have said something about it without saying, yay, I might get a promotion so early on in my career.


So great one that is in comment reads, the NYPD just proved they have the resources to solve any murder by catching Luigi Mangione. Interestingly enough, they only seem to care to deploy them when the victim is worth $50 million. But another comment, this has so much more to do with the embarrassment and scrutiny, this brought onto the NYPD than is net worth. This happened in the open brazenly in Midtown Manhattan. If NYPD did not catch this guy, they would look really, really stupid.


Small business Saturday just passed. And it reminded me of a very interesting fact that you can use at your trivia night Next time. Did you know that small businesses employ half of the nation's workforce? I didn't know that. They're really the foundation and backbone of, I guess, like the whole economy. And if you've been thinking about launching that hand crochet business that you have dreamed about for years, or maybe selling your artwork on a professional scale, you guys always tag me in your artwork. And I'm like, how are you not like, I wanna buy this artwork? You're so talented. And the time could be Now with the new year coming up and Shopify's holiday special, make your any sized business dreams come true. Shopify is the most user-friendly e-commerce platform designed to help businesses of all sizes create, manage, and grow their online stores using these customizable templates. A lot of you guys may know that we've been loving Shopify for some time now. When we sold Grandpa Mango's limited edition Art Prints, Shopify took care of all the nitty gritty tedious stuff. For example, everything was user friendly, but this was just the chef's kisses and it was the inventory tracker. It managed all of that and even provided alerts for when something is low in stock. So that allows us and you to focus on sending out more orders and doing all the fun stuff in a business. If you have a physical location for your shop, Shopify's point of sale system and check out tools will work in tandem with your online store's inventory management as well. So once you start selling both online or in person, Shopify makes getting paid simple by instantly accepting every type of payment. The time is now. Make your any size business dreams become a reality. This New Year's with Shopify, sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash rotten, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash rotten now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in Shopify dot com slash rotten.


My dog Mango has been with me through some really crazy times in life. I mean, she's been with us for the past 10 years. If you guys dunno, mango is my little French bulldog with half hair. Okay? She is fuzzy only half the time, and she is literally the glue of my family. I have quite literally named an entire podcast in a YouTube channel from my dog Mango. She is the reason that these channels exist. But three years ago, mango was diagnosed with this autoimmune disease and she was always at risk of excessive bleeding. Her fur was falling out in clumps. It was, it was a pretty stressful time in my life. I was constantly emotional about Mango being in pain. And then I would be get so stressed out every time I started going over the vet bills. Every time we took her to the vet, it was like thousands of dollars because her condition was so difficult to treat. And I am just so thankful that we had savings to cover it. I wish I had known about Spot Pet a few years back. It would've just eased so much of that stress. Our partner Spot Pet Insurance is here to share a message today on how they are a secret weapon against the unexpected. Because with Spot Pet Insurance, you can get up to 90% cash back on eligible vet bills. Our dogs are always there for us during our hardest times, and we need to be there for them too. Go to spot pet.com today and get a quote instantly. Visit spot pet.com. Paid Dad from Spot Pet Insurance Waiting periods, annual deductibles, co-insurance, benefit limits and exclusions may apply. For all terms, visit spot pet ins.com/sample. Policy insurance plans are underwritten by either Independence, American Insurance Company or United States Fire Insurance Company and produced by SPOT Pet Insurance Services LLC.


As for how they caught Luigi, it seems to be just a phone call from a McDonald's employee that some people call a rat. But the NYPD says a combination of old school detective work and new age technology is how we caught Luigi. The police commissioner continues. We should never underestimate the power of the public to be our eyes and ears. Now the case will continue through the criminal justice process. And while we are proud of today's accomplishment, we must of course remember that there is a family in mourning. People say it's just another reminder of class consciousness. One net is in comments, all the effort and resources to apprehend him. If any of us were murdered, they would have no leads.


There's a video of Eric Adams, the mayor of New York City, who is, I believe still under investigation for his own corruption. He's calling Officer Fry from Pennsylvania, the one that arrested Luigi and McDonald's. Yes. And the mayor tells him, we as New Yorkers appreciate it. You did a great job. You took a dangerous person off the streets. You're gonna be the most popular police officer in your town. And EZ said, okay, bet. And the police have been re receiving threats for arresting Luigi. So I guess popular is subjective, right? Another disconnect between mainstream media and most medicines as well.


Some medicines think mainstream media is overdoing the theatrics. Mainstream media writes that Luigi was a video game assassin. They write, he once belonged to a group of gamers who played assassins in the video game. You scroll down, what's the video game you ask among us? This is so dumb. This is so dumb. Yeah, I don't even know what to say. The McDonald's in which he has been arrested in has been flooded with one star reviews. Some of them read McDonald's has a very big rat problem. More like narc. Donald's like a narc, deny, defend, depose, diarrhea, McDonald's. Another comment reads, I should have realized something was wrong when the person who took my order at this McDonald's had weird looking whiskers.


I didn't think much of it because I was hungry. But when I asked for cheese, they got really excited and their ears perked up. They're all a bunch of rats. Review rat one, humanity zero. This McDonald's is officially the worst place on earth. I walked in for a McChicken and what did I get? A front row seat to a Rat Olympics floor routine. A little demon sprinted across the dining room like it had unpaid rent. Fricking rat. Why go here when Taco Bell is just across the way and and they know how to keep their mouth shut. It's just a Ronan convention in there. A lot of people are really upset because technically there is no legal duty to report someone. If you think you see someone that resembles the guy that the authorities are looking for, you have no legal duty to report them.


I mean, to be fair, you can't hide them in your home and get away with it. But if you just see something, you don't have to report it. So they're wondering why did the rat from McDonald's, they say rat from McDonald's, call and report Luigi on top of that? They think it's because, oh, the $60,000 award. Well, guess what the real news is? They might not even get it. They might not even get it. Why? So they call 9 1 1 instead of the tip line. And usually the government goes through so many hula hoops to try and not give you the reward money. Oh, okay. Yeah. Delay denied Defend is what the United States will do, basically. Basically.


Yeah. And it's like you have to wait until they're convicted. There's so many legal little hoops that you have to jump through. But one comment reads, if they get the money, whoever receives that money, I hope they use it for their health and still end up in debt due to denied claims. Then you have Edisons posting pictures of Luigi and where he was the day of Brian Thompson's shooting. People have been Photoshopping shirtless Luigi into their pictures writing What a busy month. It's been special thanks to Luigi for his help on December 4th from 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM What a long shift to never leave our site. Not even wants to even use the restroom. Customers really enjoyed your catchphrase, Luigi. I'll never go to New York City.


And the only thing I hate more than hoods on jackets is guns. Very weird thing to say constantly. All day long to the customers, but also very funny. Put on a shirt, you goof. Yeah. Other zens think this whole thing is crazy. Some zens are still not over. The fact that there was a lookalike contest in Washington Square Park for the shooter writing, our generation is so unserious, but in a way, aren't we all him? Imagine he was actually there and didn't win. Others had very fascinating ideas writing. Oh my God, this is literally what I was L oing about last night. What if all the New Yorkers just cosplayed him indefinitely? The CEOs would be having nervous breakdowns. Others say during his trial, they will.


We listen and we don't judge. Others didn't care for his lookalikes. They just cared for Luigi's looks. Which fair points are made by some ENTs. Objective? Attractiveness is objective attractiveness, I guess. Okay. They comment he is only guilty of being hot. Another one reads, your Honor, my client, Luigi Mangione is innocent. He was just demonstrating the true power of having looks that could kill. The only thing criminal is his bone structure. Another comment reads, good luck finding 12 jurors that don't wanna fuck him. Yeah. Others believe that Luigi could be on the stand testifying and they would just hear it, blah, blah, blah. Whatever you say, handsome. Yeah. And another comment reads, my only question is does he have a GoFundMe?


Which there have been funds popping up here and there, but I will say, I don't think Luigi will be using them. He does have two attorneys representing him already and they're paid for. We don't know who's paying them. Likely his family, I can't a hundred percent verify this, but it appears he might have been streaming the song Criminal by Britney Spears prior to his arrest. Really? Which would be not fantastic. NYPD be deplorable. NYPD. If you are listening to this, we should actually have a whole press conference about it. Other ENTs point out things they find ironic or funny about this case, which nothing is funny about this case, NYPD. But they write, I think Luigi Mangione rating the Unibomber manifesto of four out of five on Good Reads is so funny to me.


It's like, yeah, that was pretty good, but like I could do better. One slightly unhinged, but I guess understandable that is in rights currently consulting with an Etsy witch to get you out of this. Be strong Luigi. I just think it's so fascinating that, you know, this is the public reaction, right? Yes. It's, it's so insightful. I think it, it says a lot, you know, it's a lot to be studied. Yes. So much to be studied. And what is to be studied is the healthcare industry. So what's very fascinating and truly angering for a lot of people is even with this debate, I will say the people making the memes and editing Luigi, it's definitely a smaller group of slightly more extreme.


You know, people, I don't, I wouldn't even call them extreme, just Yeah, yeah. Funnier people, I guess, right? But the generic public is, I'm not gonna be sad about it. I'm not gonna be sad about Brian Thompson's murder. Yeah. And we should have these conversations about healthcare. Now, mainstream media is just picking from these memes, posting them on their little TV channels and saying things like, you know, the system is broken. We can all agree on that. But murder is wrong. And it, they're so focused on the reaction of ence that all they have to say about healthcare is the system is broken. And we can all agree on that. Why don't you talk about how the system is broken. Why don't you talk about anything else? Yeah. It's so goofy. No one believes you. If you say stuff like that, other medicines are just shocked and left rethinking.


They're standing on this. They comment, okay, the co assassin is actually finer than I thought. Like they could never make me hate him. So what now? Luigi has been charged with forgery, carrying a gun without a license, false identification to law enforcement authorities. And with tampering in Pennsylvania, prosecutors have filed murder charges as well as other charges against him in Manhattan. He is fighting his extradition to New York City. Side note, there were a series of released mugshots of Luigi. One of them appears that he has urinated on himself. And some people were making fun of him saying like, there's no way He's the co assassin when he peed himself. When he got arrested, he's baby.


But a lot of medicines who have dealt with chronic back pain and spon D and spinal fusion surgery, they say that for about two years you cannot hold in your pee. And it's actually a really big part of chronic back pain that nobody talks about. Because as an adult, you're expected to do certain things and it really does break your own identity. And it's, it is humiliating. When you feel like you have to pee, you can no longer hold it like any other adult. You have to use the restroom right now. You cannot hold your urine. And they believe that the police would not let him use the restroom and deed himself. And some medicines were actually pointing out, police have allegedly done this before, where if they really don't like a suspect, they'll try to get you to beg for things.


They want to humiliate you. So they might have tried to get Luigi to beg them to use the restroom. And he might have decided he'd rather urinate himself. And I, I think it was you that pointed this out. 'cause we were talking about it over dinner and you were saying he does hold his chin up high in that specific photo. Yeah. So it might, the photos, like you can tell his energy like, I'm not going to Yeah. Beg and I'm not gonna, so again, we could be speculating and we could be wrong, but something to note. During Luigi's first court appearance, it's been reported that quote, prosecutors tried to highlight the $10,000, the $8,000 in USD, the $2,000 in foreign currency that was found on him.


Also, they said that he had a Faraday bag, which blocks electric signals, electronic signals. The prosecutor suggests criminal sophistication with what was found on his body. Apparently Luigi added during his first court hearing, this is when he didn't have an attorney. He said, I'd like to correct two things. First, I don't know where any of that money came from. I'm not sure if it was planted. And also that bag is waterproof, so I don't know about criminal sophistication. Then during his next hearing, he's heard yelling while the cops slam him up against the wall. This is completely unjust and an insult to the intelligence of the American people and their lived experience, which has opened the door to more conversations about the mainstream media coverage versus social media coverage.


Mainstream media reports this as a violent outburst. They're almost framing him as this maniac. Some citizens have even stated, people are making jokes about this, but be prepared for the media to hand select photos that make him look as deranged as possible, which they've already started doing. They have started using a screenshot of him screaming where it looks like he's almost snarling at people. Yeah. Mainstream media also has reported that quote, thanks to the hero McDonald's worker, that a dangerous criminal is behind bars. Yeah. And they say this is the same mainstream media that believe McDonald's workers don't deserve a living wage. Suddenly their heroes to them.


Another mainstream media host actually wished Luigi to die in prison on a very Controversial news channel. Yeah. Wanted him to die in prison. He has been denied bond at his arraignment and his family, Luigi's family has made a statement saying, unfortunately we cannot comment on news reports regarding Luigi Mangione. We only know what we have read in the media. Our family is shocked and devastated by Luigi's arrest. We offer our prayers to the family of Brian Thompson and we ask people to pray for all involved. We are devastated by this news in Pennsylvania. Luigi is represented by Tom Dickey, one of the few attorneys in Pennsylvania that's qualified to do death penalty cases. Not that this is a death penalty case, as of right now, he, it wouldn't even be in Pennsylvania, but just to show he's a very qualified attorney.


When asked if the so-called manifesto is enough evidence for the police, Luigi's attorney states, I know you can't tell, but I'm five six, but I could write on a piece of paper that I'm six five and all other kinds of stuff. Yeah. So he's saying you could write whatever you want on a piece of paper. How is that evidence? Oh, okay. Yeah. So a lot of people really like his attorney because the way he's just so blunt, for lack of a better words. Yeah. And he seems like he's having a good time with the media. As for evidence, he says he has seen no evidence against his client. He holds up his both of his hands like he's trying to catch a ball and he says, look, zoom in. This is all the evidence I've seen.


Zoom in, zoom in everyone. Nothing. Nothing. Nada. He also admits when asked that, yes, according to his staff, people are reaching out to him, helping, trying to offer to help to pay Luigi's legal bills. CNN straight up asks him, why do you think people are offering to help pay his legal fees? He responds, the Supreme Court says, all these rich billionaires can give all kinds of money to candidates, and that's free speech. So maybe these people are just exercising their right to free speech and saying that's the way they're supporting my client. Which kind of shuts CNA up pretty quickly. So that's his attorney in Pennsylvania recently, he just retained another attorney in New York who interesting, has a connection to another case that we've been working on.


She is the wife of Mr. Ag, his first name Mark, I believe. Mark Aglo. He's representing Diddy. Hmm. And she's going to be representing Luigi Mangione. She is actually very well established. She's the legal counsel for the Law and Order show. She's the consultant to make sure that everything makes sense in the legal world. She's done a lot of good work and she will be representing Luigi now. High profile attorney, very well connected, which is usually helpful. Now, Luigi's friends have come out of the woodworks to talk about him. Obviously many people are speaking about his back surgery and the potential debilitating chronic pain he suffered from.


But some people, most of them are just talking about how nice he is. I haven't seen a single weird thing about Luigi yet. Nothing. And they're all just surprised. They say, even when we had conversations about capitalism and all these things, Luigi never seemed like someone who had an axe to grind. He was always very calm and chill. He was the leader of a lot of clubs to which someone comments in the club we're all crying for Luigi. But one that is in comments. It's truly a testament to his character that even after becoming a suspect to a high profile murder case, everyone that he knows and has interacted with has has nothing but good things to say about him. And the crazy thing is, if you watch these interviews, the of mainstream media interviewing his friends, they're trying to trip the friends up, like asking like, are you sure?


He didn't say anything crazy. Are you sure he never acted a certain way? All of them are so steadfast. Like, no, he was like the sweetest guy ever. And then within three minutes they end the segment because I guess it's not entertaining. They're not getting what they want, which is someone to hate Luigi. So I will leave you with the last remaining public sentiments I could find. Some people think that Luigi is evil, especially now that he has been arrested. His Good Reads account has been revealed and all of these other things, and they write great big round of applause for the law enforcement personnel who resolved this so quickly. Anyone who elevates this man as a hero is ignorant. Imagine a world where supposed vigilantes are heroes.


You would be the next victim. Most ENTs comment, sorry, I don't make enough to be the next victim, or simply, why would I be the next victim? I'm not killing people by denying them insurance that they paid for another Zen states. Those hailing him as a hero must confront the chilling reality. He took the life of an unarmed human being in cold blood with the victim's back turned a deliberate and cowardly act. Other medicines are more focused on the potential hypocrisy of the incident. Writing. You hate capitalism, yet you come from a wealthy family. Another person comments, nobody cares. He wasn't trying to stop World War iii. He pulled a trigger premeditated on a man for financial reasons.


We shouldn't give him a platform. There is no rightful advocating for violence. Fuck him otherwise. He is no hero and he is not God. And he doesn't get to decide who gets to live to which. Someone comments, neither can insurance companies heart. They comment back, and that's your justification for murder. What the fuck is wrong with you? What this man did was very sad, and he literally just ruined his whole life. Okay? He could have used his privilege to help so many other people, but he was at the end of his rope. Or it's turned into a conversation about women loving criminals. Which to be fair, I think there is a genuine case of it being alarming and hazardous to society. More so when people believe that they can change full blown, sadistic serial killers, or think that a criminal is less guilty because he has badly done face tattoos.


Yes, I do think it's alarming. However, I don't know if this is the most fitting case for that sentiment, but a bunch of men have taken upon themselves to say things like, oh, women love saying I hate men because they're dangerous. But I love Luigi Mangione writing. Luigi Mangione has showed us the dark nature of females once again, which is such an odd take when there is meaningful conversations to be had. But go off Tiny King. They also write these people, they need years of therapy to which a lot of girly pops have responded in the The comments. I mean, yeah, but they won't cover it. So here we are. One Reddit post has been gaining a lot of traction this week.


The title is, I'm Disgusted to see how many people in America are okay with murder. And the body reads, I'm sorry, but I will never be okay with the killing of 60,000 Americans per year due to being uninsured or underinsured and not seeking medical care because of it. I'll never be okay with American citizens committing self exit due to being unable to pay medical bills. I will never be okay with the insurance industry in the US denying health insurance to sick and injured people because they wanna maximize profits. Murder is wrong. That is all to which the top Communist murder is wrong. But if done through a corporation on a massive scale using tons of paperwork, well then it's just a business, isn't it? But the general sentiment being, none of this has anything to do with Luigi or Brian Thompson.


They write, I will be praying for the families of those who were denied services and suffered financial disaster, and those who lost loved ones because of needed services being denied. It's not about how attractive Luigi Mangione is. It's not about how awful the murder of Brian Thompson is. This is the true discourse we should be having to which one that is in hesitantly responds. Unfortunately, I don't think this guy is going to survive prison. I'm sure the elites want this guy permanently done. Others are considering nicknames for Luigi Mangione, Robinhood, the Ridler, the claims adjuster, but some argue the defendant, murderer Killer. I guess the more fitting nickname depends on who you ask.


And that is the current ongoing case of Luigi Mangione and the murder of Brian Thompson, the CEO of UnitedHealthcare, which again, Luigi is innocent until proving guilty, just like anybody else in the system. But what are your thoughts on this case? Lemme know in the comments and please stay safe.