(0s):
From a DT comes trusted neighbor. Your home is your sanctuary. Managing who comes and goes can be just as peaceful through the A DT plus app. Your home security system is right at your fingertips. For example, you can grant access to your dog walker when you're at work, and it's not only about the convenience. When something needs your attention, like a security alert, ADTs trusted neighbor system will automatically notify your designated contacts. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C. All rights reserved.

(34s):
132 rooms, 157 suspects, one dead body, one wildly eccentric detective, one disastrous state dinner and at the center of it all, A case unlike any other, the new Netflix series, the residence is a screwball who done its set in the White House from Shondaland. The series features an all star cast led by Uzo ABA as Cordelia Cup. The most sought after detective in the world. Watch the residents March 20th, only on Netflix.

(1m 7s):
Ramble Badabing bad three months ago. A very interesting question pops up on the subreddit relationship advice. It's where people go to ask strangers on the internet for advice for their relationship. It's a 29-year-old man and he writes, I don't really have anyone else to talk to about this. This was the final option. I made a Reddit account. I was browsing through Reddit to see if anybody else had any sort of relationship trouble that was similar to mine, but I can't find anything. So I've hit rock bottom and I'm gonna write this post. I have been in a very serious relationship with my 28-year-old girlfriend for a little over a year. I'm gonna refer to her as Jay.

(1m 47s):
We have a lot of mutual friends, so I can't even ask a friend about this. Not that I think that they can even help me regardless. I feel like they'll just see her differently and treat her differently. Anyway, my girlfriend and I have been looking into moving in together. Things have been getting really serious and we talked about how to even split the finances and all that good adult stuff. I've been really excited about this new chapter with my girlfriend. I even started casually looking at rings a couple of months ago because honestly, I feel like she's the one for me. She's smart, beautiful, funny, loved by nearly everyone that she meets, and just overall the best person that I've ever met. Now onto the issue, about two weeks ago, I started spending the weekend at her place.

(2m 27s):
We usually alternate weekends at one another's apartment, and I ended up catching some stomach bug on Sunday. So I took a sick day off work on Monday and Jay, my girlfriend, offered for me to stay at her apartment since I didn't feel good enough to drive home, and she was really sweet about it. She offered to make me soup when she got off work. I mean, she works 10 to six, so I was mostly alone during the day, mostly sleeping and spending time in the bathroom throwing up. Op the poster ends up throwing up in her bathroom floor. He doesn't make it to the toilet. There's vomit everywhere, and he is looking for a way to clean this up. Trying to find her linen closet. He finds some rags that look like you would use them to clean on the very top shelf. He's feeling weak, he's feeling frustrated.

(3m 8s):
He doesn't have a ladder. He doesn't know where anything is, so he just kind of jumps and yanks them down and a bunch of other stuff come falling down too, including this very small shoe box. He says. I mean, I really don't like going through her things when she's not around because we really value and respect each other's privacy. I completely trust her. But as I was cleaning up everything that fell out of the shoebox, I happened to notice something really odd and I just couldn't help but be a little nosy. It was an envelope addressed to her, and the return address was a prison in another state. Hmm. As I looked at the other stuff in the shoebox, I found way more envelopes just like it, as well as some drawings. I mean, I will admit in a moment of weakness, I could not help myself.

(3m 49s):
I had to see what was going on. This is where I feel the need to explain that. I found it so odd because my girlfriend has told me everything about her past, her family, her childhood. I can name every single pet that she's ever had. I've met her parents, both of her siblings and quite a few of our other family members, and not once, I mean the least anyone that she knows. Not once did she tell me she knows anyone in prison or that she's communicating with anyone in prison. So as it turns out, these letters dated way back before we even started dating, and the most recent one was from three months ago. Obviously I didn't see the ones she sent because they're in the prison, but the ones she received are all very affectionate, for lack of a better term.

(4m 33s):
Like some something long distance lovers would write to each other. I know Jay has an interest in true crime. She watches the documentaries, listens to the podcast, and nothing too unusual though. But I recognize the guy's name pretty quickly and knowing what he did and finding out that my girlfriend, who I adore and loves so deeply actually talks to him in this way, is really fucking with my head. I don't know if naming him violates some kind of rules, but let's just say his case was huge, fairly recent, like within the last five years, he very brutally killed his pregnant wife and two kids, and he even confessed for fuck's sake. I end up reading through about three or four of the letters until they literally made me sick. Then I put everything back just the way I found it, cleaned up the mess in the bathroom and drove myself home.

(5m 17s):
I texted her some made up excuse that I was feeling better and I just wanted to sleep in my own bed so that I could go to work the next day. I mean, I want to talk to her about it, but I just, I just don't know. I still love her deeply. I miss her every hour of every day, and I've been sleeping like shit. I'm super distracted throughout the day. I'm trying to figure out how to handle this. I still love her deeply, but how do I move past this? Is there a part of this that I'm not considering? To which most medicines are responding? Speculating that his girlfriend is writing to Chris Watts, who side note, if you don't know Chris Watts, he murdered his pregnant wife and their two daughters who are three and four years old. He smothered his daughters to death and then strangled his pregnant wife.

(6m 0s):
His actions undeniably get worse. He dumps his daughter's bodies into oil tanks. The oil tank openings are only like eight inches in diameter. He had to shove his children's bodies into the tanks to get them inside. They basically got scalped in the process of this. Then he goes on to do a whole media tour, if you will, pleading for his missing family safe return until it's revealed Chris Watts was having an affair and he's the one that annihilated his whole family. This is the one that he was caught like outside of his house? Yes. The viral video, right? Yes. And like side note, he does have this moment where he tries to argue that his wife killed the kids and in return, he was so upset and distraught that he killed his wife.

(6m 42s):
So if it's true that P'S girlfriend is exchanging affectionate letters with Chris Watts, I mean, most of the comments read along the lines of, it's one thing to watch true crime shows and be intrigued by aspects of how someone could possibly do something so extreme, but to write letters to someone like that, others comment. I mean, it's one thing to be intrigued by extreme human behavior, but craving a connection with such people is alarming. Maybe. Maybe it's like a surge of adrenaline for her, but in all honestly, I would personally be very worried and think twice about moving in with her. Another one just writes, no way. Your girlfriend is emotionally cheating on you with Chris Watts, and you're thinking of staying with her crying emoji. Any person who would ever associate with a man like that is very, very messed up.

(7m 24s):
Not only is your girlfriend completely unempathetic to the pregnant wife and children that were murdered, but she's also mind-numbingly stupid to believe any sort of sob story that this murderer is spinning. But it's an interesting thought, is it not? Or more likely a fear that a lot of ENTs have? 'cause you never really know who you're dating. Others say, yeah, this is bad, but at least op caught it early. I mean, sometimes you marry the person and then you realize too late that they're a little bit bizarre and that something bizarre is happening. Some medicines argue if life is a competition, which it's not. But if it's at least his girlfriend that he adores did not kill anyone, because there are other people that wake up one morning and realize the person that they married is the killer.

(8m 8s):
I mean, hypothetically speaking, what do you do if you wake up and your husband is a serial killer? Your wife is a serial killer. Seattle went through this very dark period in Washington for almost 20 years. They had an active serial killer operating in Seattle. Initially, people were terrified. I mean, the residents were terrified for 20 years, but they're also getting so fed up. Why the hell can't the police catch this guy? What's the big deal? You pass by the magazine, stand in the grocery store. All the headlines are so bleak. This is being described as one of the nastiest homicides in King County. Record bodies of young women found near Green River. What's their connection? Green River Killer continues to elude massive task force.

(8m 49s):
It's believed that the Green River serial killer has taken the lives of up to 71 victims. Is this solved or unsolved? It's solved. Oh, and it's scary, but at least Judith from Seattle feels some semblance of security considering she lives with her husband Gary. I mean, he's kind of like an old school gentleman. He pulls out the chairs for her. She doesn't even remember the last time that she opened her own car door when he's nearby. This has been her marriage for the past 13 years until there's a knock on the door. She opens the door and it's a swarm of Seattle police. Gary is not who she thinks he is. Gary is the Green River killer.

(9m 29s):
Wow. And initially she did not believe them. In fact, for two years, she stands by her husband's side because how can he be a sexual sadist? That doesn't even make sense. First of all, their intimate life is very active. I mean, how, why? I mean, she thinks the police have the wrong guy until he confesses. That's when things slowly start clicking for her. The carpets that he were, he was removing from the home after they, she had been on a trip. She thought he just wanted to fix up the place. It lines up with the time that he had killed a woman on the carpet and there were blood stains. She remembered at one point he had gotten rid of the bed frame. This is when they were first dating.

(10m 11s):
He had gotten rid of it because he had brought a victim there and killed them and didn't want the blood to be left behind. She says, all she could think was, I mean, was my life real with him or did he just use me? He made me smile every day. I had the perfect husband, I had the perfect life, and he was the perfect serial killer initially. Judith does not really have anyone to talk to about any of this. The community, they actually feel that Judith must have known to some degree. That's what they're all thinking. I mean, some of them aren't saying it because 13 years, how do you not know? This is the person that's closest to you. You sleep in the same room as them on a daily basis. A lot of people would drive by her house, take her planters, smash them onto the ground.

(10m 52s):
Once she asked a neighbor to watch her cat for her, which they graciously said, of course we'll watch your cat. She goes back to get the cat back and they slam the door in her face. The words exchanged included something along the lines of, no, you're married to the Green River Killer. You can't have your cat back. What? Like they say, yes intent like Seemingly intentionally to take her cat. Wow. It's an interesting perspective in everything that's going on, because with all these cases, you have the victims, you have the victim's families, you have The serial killer, the serial killers, families, the detectives, witnesses, the jury, the judge, the the prosecutors, defense attorneys, media, and then the serial killers partners. They're kind of like a forgotten piece of everything.

(11m 33s):
I feel like people care more so about the serial killer's parents, the upbringing, more than they do their current lives. Yeah, that's true. A few weeks ago, we received an email. The title being, I was married to a serial killer for seven and a half years. I need help.

(12m 17s):
Imagine being able to get cash back on your own purchases at over 3,500 stores. You're saving money without even thinking about it. I mean, look, if you're already going to be shopping, you should do it with Rakuten. That's what really sold me. For example, I just got a new Dyson fan getting ready for the humid summer, and without Rakuten, I wouldn't have been able to get cashback. Rakuten partners with top stores like Nike, YSL, beauty, Dyson, Macy's, Walmart, Levi's, oh, urban Outfitters, Samsung, Sephora, Ulta, Fenty Beauty. But how does Rakuten cashback really work? These retailers pay Rakuten to send them shoppers, and then those savings in the form of cashback are deposited directly into Rakuten members' PayPal account or Rakuten can also send a check, and membership is completely free and it's easy to sign up. These cashback deals can also be stacked on top of other deals. For example, if you have a promo code or coupon for something you won't miss out on that either, get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cashback rates change daily. See Rakuten dot com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.

(13m 21s):
Unlock a world of incredible opportunities with Rosetta Stone. That's what it feels like. Whether you're looking to elevate your travel adventures, advance your career, or maybe you just wanna watch those K dramas. I saw that meme where you watch a K drama or a C drama, and when you're watching, you're reading the subs, you understand everything that's going on, and then you have to take a bite of food and then suddenly you lose so much because you don't know what's happening. 'cause you're not reading the subs. This is your time. You can simply indulge in the joy of learning. Rosetta Stone is here to support you every step of the way. With over 30 years of expertise in millions of happy users, Rosetta Stone is the leader in language learning. Each program is crafted for a lasting language retention and immediate pronunciation. Feedback to prepare you for real world conversations. Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now, Rotten Mango listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten to get started and claim your 50% off today. Don't miss out. Go to Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten and start learning today.

(14m 28s):
132 rooms, 157 suspects, one dead body, one wildly eccentric detective, one disastrous state dinner, and at the center of it all, a case unlike any other, the new Netflix series, the residence is a screwball who done its set in the White House from Shondaland. The series features an all star cast led by Uzo ABA as Cordelia Cup. The most sought after detective in the world. Watch the Residents March 20th, only on Netflix.

(15m 5s):
We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the ncmec, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, as well as the GoFundMe for Lana to help aid in the pursuit of getting her son back. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team, and we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available by Rotten Mango podcast.com. A few disclaimers for today's case, we could not get too much information on the new chiro serial killer. Most sources were in Arabic, and we did have someone that speaks Arabic on the team to assist, but we couldn't do as much of a thorough deep dive like we normally do considering it felt like for this particular case, time is of the essence. The big issue here being there is a child that has been kidnapped by a serial killer's family, but as always, perhaps more so on this episode, if there's anything that you felt was mistranslated, miscommunicated, or anything additional, you know, please leave it in the comments for all of us to read.

(16m 0s):
Lna reached out to us to assist in getting her message out. However, she said she was unable to talk about the case itself or anything that could put her in legal hot water as she's still trying to get her son back. She's also stated that she's been getting death threats from The serial killer side of the family. She still wishes to get her message out and find her son, but I think she's being smart and rightfully cautious about making comments towards them, about them, about their son, The serial killer for her own safety. Which brings us to another disclaimer. Nothing I say in this video is representation of Lena's thoughts or experiences or opinions. I've exchanged a few emails with her, but I'm not privy to any sort of private thoughts or information, so keep that in mind. And with that being said, there are mentions of domestic violence as well as essay.

(16m 44s):
So please watch at your own discretion, take care of yourself and let's get into it. How much do you really know your husband? I mean, it's the age old question, right? Darcy Brunos didn't know that her husband had a thing for feet. Yeah, Darcy. Okay, if we're being specific, Jerry has a thing for shoes, high heeled shoes and women's lingerie, but their marriage is not the type of marriage where they openly talk about things like this. For Darcy's husband Jerry, maybe he doesn't mention it because it's always been like this for him, it's like mentioning that I have five toes on my right foot. It rings true to me, and it's been like that for as long as I can remember. So maybe I wouldn't consider it a big thing to announce to my husband, Hey, I have five toes on my right foot.

(17m 31s):
Jerry's fascination with high heeled stilettos is like that. It starts at a really young age, but he blames his family friend. She had fallen asleep at the Jerry Brios home, the family home. He sneaks in there and sees that she's wearing these high heeled shoes and something about the way that her, her foot arches, the way that her toes are just cramped into those stilettos, it unlocks something in him. He tries to slowly creep up on her and grab the heel of one stiletto and slowly peel it off so that he can steal it while she's asleep. Unsurprisingly, she wakes up, his plan goes down the drain, but it awakens something inside of him.

(18m 11s):
Instead of stopping, he goes and he hides in his first grade teacher's desk to steal her high heeled shoes. He fails, but naturally none of this is mentioned to his wife, Darcy. He also fails to mention at how at a young age in middle school, he would go and steal undergarments from his friend's sisters. He had a thing for sniffing their undies, but that eventually escalates to him. Putting them on. He would steal them and then model them on himself. Or when Jerry turned 16, he had this lightning bolt strike of creative problem solving. He masterminds this whole plan. He would lure women to his home, trick them.

(18m 52s):
Typically, when he was alone with them, he would give them a full tour of his bedroom before excusing himself. Let me just grab a water, let me use the restroom. I'll be right back. But when he comes back into the room, he's changed into a new set of clothes. He's wearing a mask, holding a knife and a camera. He forces the woman to strip down while he takes pictures all whilst, you know, threatening to take their lives if they don't comply. Then when he gets the pictures he wants, he leaves, he takes off the masks, ruffles, his hair changes back into the first pair of clothes. He invited the victim over with, runs back into the room. I, the craziest thing just happened. There was a masked knife wielding man that had just broken into the house, tied me up so that they could get pictures of you or something. They left.

(19m 32s):
That's crazy. I fought them off and they left and that worked. Yeah, I think sometimes it worked. Other times the girls were just too scared to say anything. Sometimes laziness would get the best of Jerry. He would eventually ditch the mask home, intruder ruse out the window, and then he would just part his hair differently. He would part his hair, walk into the room and be like, I'm Jerry's non-existent brother Ed, and you better strip down and I'm gonna take pictures of you. Or else he would even start fondling the victims. Perhaps it's the sheer confidence in how he does it. Some of the victims truly believed that they were essayed, not by Jerry, but by his brother. Ed. Keep in mind, this is all happening while he's in high school.

(20m 15s):
It only gets worse as he grows up. He begins stalking women and at first he would just stalk them to strangle them, to steal their shoes, their stilettos. I mean, the shoes didn't even necessarily have to be on someone. It could be him. He would wear them in another arrest he's found in a college dorm wearing jean shorts, women's underwear, and high heels. And then it stops because he marries his wife, Darcy, and he thinks the past is the past. We're not even interested in that stuff anymore. I love Darcy Darcy's, my wife. Okay. They're gonna be in love. They're gonna have kids, which they do. They do have kids, but they're no longer in love. Not that it matters considering Jerry Brunos is a serial killer. So with his wife in the same house as Jerry, he would go back to his teenage ways of inviting people into the house, luring them, but now he's killing them.

(21m 1s):
He's strangling them until they're unconscious as saying their bodies. He's spending sometimes multiple business days to perform acts of necrophilia on the corpses. His favorite thing to do was remember how he stole underwear and shoes. He had closets. He had so much stolen stilettos and underwear. He, his favorite pastime was to dress the victim's bodies and those stolen items and then take pictures like they're his personal dolls, solely existing to model his garments. He would obsessively dress and redress the victims over and over and over again. And unfortunately, Jerry was a big souvenir guy. The first victim, he sought off her foot and kept it in their family freezer in the basement, and he would take it out anytime he wanted a foot model.

(21m 47s):
His second victim, he cut off her breasts to keep us souvenirs, but even after he cut off their breasts, he still wanted to play dress up with the corpses. So he would stick paper towels where the breasts used to be and put a bra on to take pictures for his collection. Another victim. He kept her corpse in the garage after us saying and killing her. He had her hanging in the garage on a pulley system so that he could dress her in different outfits and shoes. He would even try to electrocute her to get her to quote dance and look alive, which brings many to the question of how much did Darcy his wife actually know about what Jerry was doing?

(22m 27s):
Most of his murders were committed inside the house. She did not go on lengthy business trips or trips with her children while he was killing. So did she hear nothing? See nothing since, nothing. On what occasion? He even had dinner with his wife and kids while the victim was tied up alive in the basement. The police firmly believe that Darcy knew something. So they arrest her, they bring her in, interrogate her as an accomplice, and they're confronting her. You're telling us that you saw this chopped off breast laying around in the house and you thought, I thought it was a paperweight. What? That you get from like one of those sick antique stores?

(23m 7s):
I guess because it was encased in resin. He didn't just have like a flush breast tea had put it into resin to mold it. Wow. I mean, it's almost unbelievable, right? Except that it's true. Darcy had no clue she had been forbidden from entering the garage basement and freezer. After Jerry's arrest. He tried to ask Darcy to get rid of evidence and she refused. She truly was oblivious to all the signs, like many wives of serial killers. This is an what? This is just another serial killer. Yeah, from From the Green River one. Yeah. A lot of them have wives that had no clue. Wow.

(23m 47s):
And they never kill their wives because you know, some people argue maybe there's some sort of emotional attachment. It's definitely more of a disguise. I don't think that there's any serial killer that truly cared much for their family members. I mean, I don't think that they have the capability to do that. Yeah. Now for Darcy Brunos, the signs were objectively a bit more obvious, but what about the new Kairo serial killer, the guy that they call the butcher of Egypt? What are the signs there? This is the the wife who reached out, right? Yes. Three bodies all dumped on this stretch of desert land in Egypt. The Egyptian authorities have a problem.

(24m 27s):
They've got three bodies. I mean, they're clearly connected. They've all, all three women have been murdered. They've been dumped along the desert road. There's evidence that they've been whipped pretty badly. There are necks are all broken, potentially strangulation. There are clear signs of torture wounds. There's meth and other drugs in each woman's system. I mean, it's pretty much undeniable that they're linked, but other than the same torture wounds, there is nothing else that can help the investigators. All three women live in different areas. They don't know each other. They range in age between 19 to 37. What is the connection between these three women? Once the bodies are located, news starts spreading. There's a serial killer active in Egypt. Some are calling him the butcher.

(25m 7s):
There's only been about four well-known serial killers from Egypt, and the police have no leads until a father walks into the station. My daughter, she's missing. Okay, when was the last time you saw her? She told me she was gonna study English with a professor, an English professor. I think his name is Kareem. He's a famous talker. So this is all happening very recently. 2024, early 2024. Oh yeah. Kareem's TikTok account was called hooked on phonics. It has since been suspended, but Kareem, the police are now investigating is an English teacher living in Egypt and his whole TikTok account is to try and teach non-native English speakers English.

(25m 49s):
He would have a harder to pronounce English word on the screen for non-native speakers. How do you pronounce? He would say this. How do you pronounce this word? Exquisite, exquisite, ecstatic. Atic. Or you know how sometimes when you learn English in a non-English speaking country, you learn phrases that most native speakers won't use. Like when someone asks you how are you, the response that a lot of non-native speakers learn is, I'm fine, thank you and you, but that's rarely ever heard in natural conversations. So he would make these little tiktoks saying things like, don't say I'm sorry, say I apologize, which I'm not sure what the difference is. He would also do these tiktoks with his cute son who's about nine years old named Zane, where they would go over all the ways in which you can merge words in English.

(26m 36s):
Instead of saying, give me, you say, and the little son would say, give me, gimme that. Instead of saying one, two, you say, I wanna, I wanna go home. Like the son is in the video. You can see him? Yes. Okay. In another TikTok, Kareem, the Now Suspect does a little skit. How do I tell a woman, you are so beautiful. He's like in a nerdy outfit and he's asking a cool guy who is also him cosplaying as the cool guy. How do I tell a woman, you're so beautiful. You're like a dream come true. Your beauty is like a priceless masterpiece. I'm sorry. You're breathtakingly gorgeous. I'm out of breath. You're beautiful, gorgeous.

(27m 17s):
You look absolutely fantastic. And another one, he says, don't say I'm tired. It's boring. Instead, use these slang terms instead. Exacerbated. I've never heard that. Fatigue, pooped, tie, tie, bed deprived, zz zish, napt nastic, zonked chika. Boom bed. Again, I don't know where he's getting any of these. Then he has this moment where his inflection goes down and he says, dead beat. And then he leans into the camera and says, wrecked. How many followers does he have?

(27m 57s):
660,000. Wow. Yeah. His account has some odd moments like that one, but I would hardly call it odd. I mean, there's nothing alarming or damning on his social media accounts. A lot of people are reposting some old videos with some creepy music, but it's more so hindsight. There's nothing in his videos inherently that's alarming. It's just him teaching questionable slang that I've never heard most English speakers use. Is he here in the US or he's in Egypt? He's in Egypt, but he was briefly in the us. He grew up in the us. I believe he might hold us citizenship. I see. Yes. Okay. The police need to find out more about this guy Kareem, to see If he really is the butcher.

(28m 40s):
Because again, his TikTok presence doesn't really tell them anything. Kareem taught English at a local school, to which some sources say that the coworkers who knew him knew him as the Rose Guy, the flower, you know, which sounds like a good thing. He would randomly show up to work with a singular rose handed to a coworker, his male or female colleagues. It didn't matter. Which again, kind of sounds inherently sweet if it's not creepy and not HR worthy, like reporting worthy. But the rose usually comes as a formative of an apology. If these incidents are true, his coworkers likely hated seeing the damn roses. It's alleged that he would blow up on coworkers over nothing. Truly. It felt like if you looked at the guy strange or you said something that irked him for reasons unknown to you, he would just blow up and the very next day he would bring you a singular rose presented to he verbally assaulted the day before and they would be forced to forgive him, or they would be seen as the difficult one at work.

(29m 36s):
If these personal accounts are true, it appears Kareem has a whiplash inducing personality. Some that knew Kareem personally said he's incredibly helpful to the point that one could call him a generous, elegant man. But you know when someone is too nice to you, but it doesn't feel like genuine. Yeah, there's this second layer of ick that hits you, but you can't explain it. Incorrect words. I don't know why. Because you just sound like an ungrateful person. No, no, no. Yeah, they were so nice to me. They, of course they helped me move and, but it just feels like they're not doing it with good intentions. But then who are you to complain because they've helped you? A lot of people said that Kareem appeared to like helping people because that automatically puts 'em at the top position.

(30m 19s):
The one that is helping and not the one being helped. They say he was born to this financially secure family with a seemingly insufferable heir of superiority To them. It seems like he has this complicated chip on his shoulder, considering he wants to be known as successful, but he wants to be successful on his own. But the reality is the only thing that makes him successful and special is the fact that his parents are financially okay. Everyone knows that his success depends on his dad and he knew that everybody knows that. Side note, it's been said by people close to him that he genuinely does not care about his dad. Not even in the slightest. He uses his dad like a bank. He calls his dad, dad, I need a new iPhone. Magically a new iPhone would appear.

(31m 0s):
And by this point, this man is 37 years old. Could he really be a serial killer? This little daddy's boy, the butcher of Egypt, it doesn't even sound similar. The authorities track his car, his whereabouts, and interestingly enough, his car shows up at the spots where the bodies are dumped. So it's time to give this guy a visit. The fifth settlement is one of the most well-known wealthy areas in Cairo. The detectives are staring at each other. Are you sure this is the right place? Like this is where Kari lives. They speak with the landlord and there are signs like what? Okay. For one, he was adamant that he needed a fully soundproofed encased room. He said that he was always creating music, I don't know, recording social media videos that outta respect for his neighbors and for his son that lives with him.

(31m 47s):
He needs a room that you can't hear out of once you go inside. He would like crisp, pure audio for his videos. That's what he said. When authorities get upstairs to the unit, they find the soundproof room, but they also find various drugs and what has been described by many sources as instruments of torture. They try to arrest Kari, who tries to miserably fail at making a run for it. They chase him down, they arrest him, and immediately states he has no idea what the police are talking about because he's insane. He's mentally unwell. He cannot be held liable for his actions. He doesn't even know what they're referring to. So this cold case happened because they found three bodies? Yes. On the side of the road. And did three of them all die around the same time?

(32m 30s):
Pretty, yes. Relatively. Okay. So It was like pretty back to back that there was some sort of connection Back to Back. It was, yeah. The cool off period, if you will, for The serial killer was very low. And then he just left them in public just like that. Like on stretches of desert land. Oh, I see. Yeah. Also found in his apartment were deleted, but recovered videos from his phone and laptop that show him murdering the three victims videos of him drugging, saying and torturing the victims, not unlike Jerry Brunos. Eventually he tells the authorities what happened. He would lure the woman to his apartment, drug them with meth and other drugs.

(33m 11s):
At one point, it seems like he's trying to get brownie points for the fact that he fed them narcotics, which would help with the pain that he was inflicting on them. He's like, you know what? I am inflicting a lot of pain, however, I gave them drugs. So it should decrease the pain that they felt. Sometimes he would even engage in watching sexually sadistic videos while his victims were in his home incapacitated. Then he would begin his torture. He would start out first by assaulting them, whipping them, pulling their hair, then slowly transitioning into ripping out their nails. He keeps the process slow, painful. Sometimes the victims would be at his apartment for 18 days at a time.

(33m 52s):
It's unclear how many of those days were them consensually believing that they're spending time with a friend versus how many of those days are them actively being tortured and killed. It appears that he likes to relish in the pain that women feel when he thinks he's done. He slowly strangles 'em to death, usually with a rope or an iron chain. But even then, he will continue engaging in sexual acts with their corpses. That is crazy that, I mean, how do you just coming out like this? Yeah, there must be a lot of red flags before this. A lot. By this point, the body is completely disfigured. He takes the body to the desert and disposes of them, and a total of three bodies were found in the desert.

(34m 36s):
But Kareem admits there could be at least six or more victims, like at least six total victims or more. Unfortunately, most people believe it's a lot more than that. Neighbors said that there were lots of girls going in and out of the house alarmingly. Sometimes they would even hear screams, but they would stop mid scream. So it sounded like a scream, but maybe you're goofing around, maybe you see a bug, you scream, but you don't keep screaming. You don't scream. Help me. You just scream once in shock. When Kareem is arrested, the police taken to custody his 9-year-old son, Zane, who was living with him. They need to find the next person that would have custody over Zane, because Kareem can't take care of him. Kareem is gonna face the death penalty. That's crazy. So the son was living in the same house?

(35m 16s):
Yes. Wow. They asked Kareem, where is your son's mother? He responds, he's dead. December 13th, 2024. A TikTok goes viral of a woman named Lana. It's her wearing a blue hoodie sitting in front of her camera and she looks very, very serious. She starts off, I was married to a serial killer for seven and a half years. All my videos have been in Arabic to reach the Arabic community. So basically The serial killer, he tried to kill me many times. He tried to kill my sister many times. Then he got caught with three bodies in his apartment in a torture chamber. And he is very well known in Egypt, in the Arab world. This was recent. This was seven months ago. So he kidnapped my son from May three years ago, and anytime I tried to get him, he would basically try to kill me, try to ruin my life and try to find me like I would be at places.

(36m 3s):
He would just show up and I would've to run. It was just like a flipping nightmare. So finally when he got caught this May, so May of 20, 24 and of May, they locked him up. He's going to get hung very soon. Hopefully. The problem is whenever he got locked up, he told the police that I was dead. So his mom took my son. So now it's been seven months. I haven't seen my son. I haven't heard from my son. I've filed all the police papers, all court papers. I have full custody, I have educational custody. I have every single, right. I just cannot find this woman, the serial killer's mom. Hmm. Zane's grandma. I just need the English world to hear my story. Very soon I'm gonna be on a big channel and you're gonna hear my story. But I really hope that before the that happens, I get my son back.

(36m 43s):
I'm dying, honestly. I'm dying to see him. I'm dying to talk to him again. I just need as much exposure as possible. And this lady might be in America, she might still be in Egypt, but who knows? I need to find her and I need everybody's help as much as possible. I have pictures of my son of her. So if you wanna take a look, please help me. This is Kareem Ali's wife, and she's not dead. She had to flee Egypt for her own safety and now she can't get her son back. Love Lna says that she found out through the internet that her ex-husband, the father of her child that had her child had been arrested in Egypt for being a serial killer. She says in an interview in Egypt, she says, I couldn't believe it.

(37m 23s):
The first thing she did was call her attorney and just kept asking, is it true? Is it true? I mean, for a second she thought it was fake so that she would have to fly to Egypt. It wouldn't be the first time after she fled Egypt, fearing for her own safety, he would try to lure her back into the country. Wow. All these like fake methods. He would, oh, he would even put, so her sisters live in Egypt. He would call them and say, your sister Lana is dead. You need to come to the morgue to ID her body. And when they came, it's likely that he was, I don't know, these are just allegations and speculations that I personally and a lot of medicines have. He would likely hold the sister's captive to make Lana come to Egypt.

(38m 4s):
And Did she go? No. Wow. She hasn't been back in Egypt I don't think for a while. I mean she is now, but Oh, she is in Egypt right Now. She's searching for her son. Okay. Okay. But if this is true that he's a serial killer, loveness says it was jarring. And again, this is speculation. I'm sure a part of her felt guilty because perhaps she could have done something to prevent it, but she always felt like she was under the assumption that he just wanted to kill her. Which makes sense. When you're in a very abusive relationship with someone who's violent, you don't necessarily think that they're a serial killer. Yeah. You think that they want to kill you because you're in this relationship with them. Right.

(38m 44s):
She did not know that he was out to kill people, otherwise she probably would've done something. Yeah. She said, I thought I was the only one he tried to kill. At this point, LNA just knows that she doesn't have her son. Zane Kareem's mother, Zane's grandmother has him and she wants him back. She packs all of her clothes. She had fled to the UK at this point. 'cause she's a UK citizen. Okay? She's a UK national. She grabs all her clothes, leaves, everything else gets on the first flight to Egypt. But the minute she gets there, she reaches out to Kareem's mom who has her son, and she blocks. Lana does not accept or calls nothing. The message is clear. You're not getting your son back. Wow. To Lana. Kareem was a very normal person when they first started dating.

(39m 27s):
Like the first few years of marriage. She's very normal, very polite, while mannered. If not even a charismatic guy. It's not until they have their son Zane Things implode. Zane is Lana's whole world. 'cause you know when you become a mom, you care about your kids a lot and maybe more than anything else in the world. But Kareem does not like that. He starts getting jealous that lna is putting Zane first. Anytime he felt Zane's, their literal baby's needs were put before his own, which would be all the time and should be all the time. He would blow up on Lana getting incredibly aggressive and upset. He became this controlling menace. According to one source that we had translated. He apparently was even in a TikTok where he was promoting an app that helps track your family's location, but the messaging is more so keep your wife and children safe, which in hindsight is very alarming, which the relationship, regardless, the relationship just deteriorates from there.

(40m 19s):
He accuses lna of cheating on him nonstop. Meanwhile, LNA literally finds videos of him cheating on her. He would record videos of himself having intimate relations with other women while married with a child. But anytime she would confront him about it, he would beat her, strangle her until she's passed out on the floor, and then he would sob and weep that he was sorry. I think it probably doesn't help that Lana and Kareem would move around a lot. At some points they were in Egypt. At some points they were in Michigan, in the United States and back to Egypt. It's harder to leave an abusive relationship when you are not in the most familiar territory with a strong support system. One might assume that love n also stayed because Kari's family was financially secure.

(41m 1s):
You know, perhaps it's hard for her to find that stability anywhere else, but that's not true either. Kareem was astonishingly lazy. He refused to work. Love. No was the one making most of the money, paying for their things and taking care of their kids. She says he tried to kill me several times. He tried to kill my siblings too. All of them are younger than me. This precedes for about six years that lna keeps trying to leave Kareem, and he keeps coming back and beating her. And I'm sure it's made much more complicated by the fact that they share a child. Eventually she decides she's gonna leave him, she's gonna t Zane with her, put her foot down, and conveniently Kareem is like, can I just have a play date with my son? I miss him so much, just for a few hours.

(41m 41s):
Take him out to dinner. Love now agrees. But that would be the last time she sees her son Zane. That was three years ago. So from what we can piece together from our sources as a way to make sure that lna cannot come back for her son, Kareem files for divorce and accuses her of adultery, stating that he caught her with his own two eyes sleeping with his best friend, which I doubt, but regardless, adultery is punishable by law in Egypt, whereas domestic violence was not. Wow. So she's facing that. In addition to Kareem waiting outside her place of residence for four days straight, threatening to kill her, she had to put on a disguise to leave everything and flee Egypt three years ago.

(42m 22s):
And that's why she has attorneys because for the past three years she's trying to get her son back. She's trying not to get killed because if she gets killed, then her son is forever gonna be with Kareem. Right? She's just trying to get her son back. She's a British citizen. She's hiring attorneys, spending every cent that she makes on her attorneys trying to figure out what to do, how to do this. But now that Kareem's been arrested for being a serial killer, she's still can't get her son back. He has been quote unquote, given to Kareem's mother, and she refuses to let LNA see her son, let alone she doesn't even know where they are. Lna believes they might be in Egypt or maybe in Michigan. Now, if you're wondering why Michigan, Kareem used to live there when he was younger, he does have a US citizenship.

(43m 3s):
I don't know If he gave it up for an Egyptian citizenship or if it's dual, but he essayed a girl in Michigan. He does have a criminal record in the United States. Wow. He was arrested and afterwards he moved to Egypt to, I guess have a clean start because that's on his record. He can't really get a job in the us. That's why after they had kids, after they had Zane, they were in the US for a while, he couldn't work. So she's working. At this point, the authorities have found three bodies, but it's believed that there are at least six victims at the very least, potentially

(43m 35s):
more. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank

(44m 13s):
It's game time. And if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now, new customers can bet $5 or get 150 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's red hot hunch 21 plus and President in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(44m 43s):
What if I told you that right now millions of people are living with a debilitating condition. That's so misunderstood. Many of them don't even know that they have it. That condition is obsessive compulsive disorder or OCD? I'm Dr. Patrick McGrath, the Chief Clinical Officer of OCD. And in the 25 years I've been treating OCD, I've met so many people who are suffering from the condition in silence, unaware of just what it was. OCD can create overwhelming anxiety and fear around what you value most. Make you question your identity, beliefs and morals, and drive you to perform mentally and physically draining compulsions or rituals. Over my career, I've seen just how devastating OCD can be when it's left untreated, but help is available. That's where no CD comes in. OCD is the world's largest virtual therapy provider for obsessive compulsive disorder. Our licensed therapists are trained in exposure and response prevention therapy, a specialized treatment proven to be incredibly effective for OCD. So visit ocd.com to schedule a free 15 minute call with our team. That's n cd.com.

(45m 50s):
The defense argument lied on Kareem being out of his mind. His lawyer argued that Kareem did not intend to commit premeditated murder. The victims went to him on their own free will. And in fact, if anything, they were benefiting from him. You know, Kareem was spending lavishly on him. That's what the attorney is alleging. Which, How is that related to a murder? Like Yeah, if someone buys you a Gucci belt, can you just kill them? That's, I don't understand this defense. It's mind boggling. But he continues. We are facing a strange case that we need to study. My client is a mentally ill person that feels remorse after committing those crimes and should be referred to a medical hospital with a committee of psychiatrists rather than being executed, which the judge clearly did not entertain.

(46m 34s):
Kareem Alim was sentenced to death to be hanged. And now Lena is desperately looking for her son. She reaches out every single day to her son and grandmother. Someone is reading the messages because it says red, but she doesn't know who she messages her son before she goes to sleep. She doesn't go to sleep much or wake up without thinking about how to get her son back. Her message for her son is Zain, I'm never gonna stop looking for you until the day that I die, until my very last breath. She says, I used to know what his favorite food was. I don't know if it's changed. I don Dunno if he's taller than me now. I dunno what he looks like other than from the videos and pictures that were posted on Kareem's TikTok.

(47m 15s):
I don't know what his voice sounds like anymore. I can't see my son. I can't talk to him. I don't know what he loves, what he hates now, how he's growing up. I dunno how he lives his life. I don't know If he goes to school, If he likes school, what subjects he likes. I don't know anything. Because also you have to think from six to nine mm. It's a huge developmental period where a lot of things change. Yeah. Yeah. Her last memory was about a week before she last saw her son, Zain asked to purchase a bunch of balloons at the store and the two of them walked around the shopping center and he would give out balloons to strangers. And she thought it was so fascinating. That's who her son is. He's the type to open doors for strangers for her and for right now, Lana's life is on hold.

(47m 59s):
That's kind of how she explains it. She doesn't feel good. She just wants her son back. She's lost about 40 pounds in the past few months, but she's not gonna give up. She says when they reunite, she's gonna take him to the beach because that's our thing. We love the beach. In one interview in Arabic, she says, someone please help me. Someone stand up with me. Come with me please. I finally reach the end. I may look okay and be talking on the outside, but on the inside I'm broken. So most medicines are just trying to get the word out right now to figure out how to get lna back. And this will be, you know, one of the rare times that we show a child's face that is, you know, Hmm.

(48m 43s):
Not super, I guess, you know certain cases. Yeah. You see the child's face like JonBenet Ramsey. It's hard to not see her face anywhere when you talk about her. But for this case, if you see him, please reach out to authorities. That's what Lubna says. Reach out to Lubna because legally she has custody. So if she, if that child was, is with anybody else that is against the law, He's e either in America or in Egypt. Yes, in America there's Michigan, but in America he should be in school. Yes. She has educational custody and that's a point that she brings up. Nobody can enroll him in school without her because she has educational custody.

(49m 26s):
She is worried that he's missing out on school. Yeah. Right now too. 'cause it's a developmental time that he needs to be in school. He needs to have a, some sort of semblance of normalcy. Normalcy. Right. 'cause it's just, but a lot of people comment schools these days, if you're a grandma and you can prove they're the grandma, they're not really gonna check some schools. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know if every school will check, but If he is in school, then I feel like he will be Yeah. You know, be found, found pretty quickly. So if I feel like it's more likely that she, he's being hidden away not in school of, it's already getting so many Much attention.

(50m 8s):
Yeah. Like If he was in school, he'd probably be pulled out of school by now. Yeah. Or like people would've at least said, oh that that's my friend or my classmate. Yes. Oh yes. Yeah, that's true. I haven't seen any of that. Yeah, I haven't seen that. He could also be in Egypt and maybe, I know it's gone viral. Viral in the English speaking world. It seems less viral in the Arabic speaking world. I think Kareem's case is viral, but perhaps maybe not. Her pleas. Yeah. Yeah. To get her son's. To get her son back. Wow. I don't know. The whole thing is so heartbreaking. I do believe that her son is an American national though. Hmm. But I don't know.

(50m 49s):
Some people are recommending love not go to the US embassy. I think that she has I, if I'm not mistaken, I'm pretty sure that she has. But just to remind you guys, so many kids go missing in America. That's true. You know, it's not just go to the embassy solved. Yeah. So if you guys see anything, hear anything, send anything, let Lana know. I'm gonna link her GoFundMe as well. Her as well as her TikTok. Just message her with actual information, I would say, and show her support in her videos. But if you're gonna DM her, make sure you have some information. 'cause I think it deletes the dms. But yes, if you know anything, let her know. And with that, please stay safe, everyone and I will see you in the next one.

(51m 30s):
Life is full of exciting moments, whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier. Because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do? Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank. Top quiz. Why is there a boat on every delicious Tillamook dairy product? That's right. Our founding farmers built a boat 'cause it was the only way to share their dairy with the world.

(52m 11s):
How did you know that Tillamook extraordinary dairy?