
At Firestone Complete auto Care, we hold our service to the highest standard. That's why we have thousands of a SE certified expert technicians nationally. So if you're looking for car service that's got your back on the road, choose the place that treats every car like their own and every customer like family. Don't wait any longer. Call your local Firestone Complete auto care and book your next appointment today.


Jared knows what moms really want for Mother's Day. The opportunity to just sleep in and dream of perfectly folded laundry. There's no better way to compliment mom's peace of mind than with a piece of fine jewelry from Jar Jewelers, a sparkling diamond pendant necklace, or even gold hoop earings. Perfect for the woman who keeps everything in your family. Perfect. This Mother's Day be the dad who went to Jar. Now get 20% off storewide for Mother's Day. Exclusions apply. See store for details. Bad, bing bad.


There are only so many places you can hide inside of a restaurant, but the problem is almost every single spot is relatively easy to search. The bathroom requires someone sticking their head under the stall. You're gonna be caught. They're gonna peer, they're gonna make sure nobody is hiding and they're going to see you. The stock rooms, the kitchen, same thing. You get one person poking around, hide and seek is over. There's not that many hiding spots, which leaves just that one door. The steel door, it's like the size of a small closet. Sometimes the room is, it's like a small room. And if you step inside and you close that door behind you, you might as well have taken a portal to a different world.


Because once that door clicks shut, the gasping, the shivering, the numbness. You can't feel your ears. You can't feel your fingers. You're trying to bang on the door to be let out, but you're more clumsy. It's normal because this is exactly what happens when you are trapped inside of a giant freezer. The idea of working with a freezer big enough for you to walk into and then being trapped inside of one has seemingly become one of the top 15 slightly irrational fears of the everyday person. I have yet to step foot inside of a commercial walk in freezer, but I do have random, perhaps intrusive thoughts about being trapped in one. So much so that there are Ask Reddit threads asking people In the hypothetical world, if you were to be trapped inside of a commercial walk in freezer for the night, let's say at a restaurant, what do you do to survive?


Nobody's coming until the morning. The answers really don't do anything to make you less paranoid. I would take the cold boxes of food and create an ice shelter type of structure. So you wanna prevent the blowing air from cooling you down to the point of hypothermia. That's how you're gonna circulate your inner warmth. Another professional Reddit survivalist writes, many restaurants have large plastic bags in or on those wire racks. If that's the case, take two bags, wrap yourselves in them, utilize your body temperature by breathing inside the bag, but not enough to suffocate yourself. Come out for air every now and then. You'll last eight hours. Hmm. One person comments. I wake at a fish and chip shop once, got loads of pies and food and you know, stuff back there.


I would just stuff them into my clothes. I would put them in my pants, I'd put them in my shirt. Yeah, they're frozen pies. It's gonna feel freezing for the first 10, 20 minutes. And then after that, it'll actually somewhat insulate you. That's how it works. That Is crazy how creative people are. Yeah, I mean, probably the best advice, the most simple advice comes from one professional that works with industrial freezers. He says, best thing to do if you're trapped, find something to stick into the fan blade. So they stop turning, it's gonna overheat the compressor outside. The cooler's gonna stop cooling the temperature, alarm's gonna sound, and then y'all get out. Huh? Obviously this is after you check to see if the emergency exit method is not already working, which surprisingly a lot of people report in the restaurants that they work at.


It never functions well naturally. It is one of the very first places the police officers check for the little missing girl. What if she accidentally walked into the freezer and somehow got locked inside? They start going through the bins, the grocery bags filled with raw meat inside of the freezer. She is not here. They check and they double check. And when they're done, they walk outta that commercial freezer. It's clear she is not in the freezer. But that is the thing. Even police have their blind spots. When looking for five year old Ashley. They look everywhere. They look on the shelves, they look under the chair, they look in the bags, they look inside that commercial walk-in freezer.


But while they're in the freezer, did they ever think to look up? This is the case of Ashley Zou, the five year old girl that was found in the walls of a Chinese restaurant. We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support baby to baby. They're a non-profit that provides essential items to more than 1 million children across the country. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support rotten Mango's growing team and would also like to thank you guys for your continued support.


As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now first a disclaimer for today's case. There are mentions of ca resulting in death, so please take time if that's too much, and I'll see you in the next one. And secondly, this case is incredibly multifaceted. Any mentions and details included in this episode should not be taken as fuel for like some sick anti-immigration xenophobic narrative or just hatred against Chinese people or China. At the same time, one's immigration status and culture should not be used as a reasoning or as an excuse for their crimes, especially when Aser has murder. So these are just the facts of the case. And additionally, most of you guys are sometimes I feel like you guys are a little too smart for your own goods sometimes, but so this doesn't apply to you, but the very small percentage of people without working frontal lobes.


Please exercise a bit of common sense and nuance. Don't use this video as justification for avoiding small businesses or Chinese restaurants and avoiding mom and pop shops and allegedly finding an acrylic nail allegedly in a crumple cookie. That's a valid reason to question the hygienics of a restaurant. Seeing that a restaurant is owned by a particular ethnicity or serves a particular cuisine is not a valid reason to question the hygienics, which is a thing I'm seeing all over Reddit. Lastly, any comments, opinions, criticisms are from medicines that we found online during our research and not a reflection of our personal thoughts on this case. So with that being said, let's get started. The top four most dangerous jobs in the United States. Can you guess them?


Like Probably like a lumber jack or something. Just lumber. No, not lumber Jack. Yeah, logging workers. Logging workers. So logging workers is the most dangerous. Then pilots and flight engineers, oil, gas and mining. And then number four are roofers. Mm. And there's two roofers standing up on the roof on top of this pet store. It's 15 feet tall, so it's, it's not like the most dangerous roof that they've been on, but they're being cautious. They get up there 10:00 AM they're trying to beat the afternoon sun. One of the guys, he gets close to the edge of the roof. He's just staring into the parking lot. He's like zoning out while he is waiting for his partner to get done with the his part. And he sees this SUV pull up and he says, you know, nothing was outta the ordinary.


I wasn't expecting anything. So it just seemed like a normal day. He watches the man get out of the driver's seat. A woman gets out the passenger seat, they don't talk. The two of them go to open the back door where they pull out a young little girl, maybe what, five, six years old. They take her outta the car seat, cover her face with her purple winter coat. 'cause it's freezing outside and they walk away from their car. It's a pretty anti climactic experience. I mean, he almost forgot the entire thing until the police start questioning him because by the time that he saw the three of them, the man, the woman, and the little girl, one of them was already dead. What a man calls 9 1 1. He sounds like he's trying to keep his composure.


It's working. He sounds relatively calm. Hey, what's going on? That's literally what the 9 1 1 operator says. I can't find my daughter. Okay. How old is she? Five. She just turned five. When's the last time you saw her this afternoon? Probably around what time? I believe four, maybe five. You haven't seen her in five hours. So he's calling around 9:00 PM and saying he hasn't seen his daughter since 5:00 PM This is a five year old little girl. So it's not even like, I haven't seen my 13 year old daughter who went to her friend's house. You saw her at five. What was she wearing? She was wearing a purple winter coat. I don't, I don't know what those things are called, but they're like, not jeans. They're like leggings. Yeah.


Okay. And you haven't seen her in five hours? I mean, she was here sleeping. Where was she sleeping? The mayonnaise explaining that he and his wife own this restaurant, which they have this little mattress in the back, a tiny little mattress where sometimes one of their two daughters. So they have a six year old daughter and a five year old daughter and the five year old is missing and sometimes they just sleep in the back while their parents are working and now she's gone. I mean I I, she was sleeping there. I picked up my older daughter from school. We all saw her sleeping there and we went to work and we let her sleep and we got busy. And then after I got busy, we started cleaning up and then we opened the door and she's not there. Do you have any security videos or anything in there? No. No? No. We don't have any security cameras in the restaurant. We've been here for six years.


Never had security cameras, but we all saw her, all of us. Like my wife, myself, my older daughter, when we came back, when I picked up my older daughter from school, we all saw her sleeping there. Okay. Were there any suspicious people that came into the restaurant at all? Do you think that she could have walked out? Could she have run away? I have no idea. I mean, and she was sleeping in the back. It's kind of hard to say. None of your employees had seen her? There's only two of us in the restaurant. Just myself and my wife. There's nobody else in the restaurant. There's only three people in the restaurant right now. Okay. When you guys left, who was there with you? Who was there with your daughter when you guys left to go get your other kid from school? My wife. I got my other kid from school, so I picked up my eldest kid from school.


My wife was at the restaurant with the youngest kid, but when we came back, she's here. The little girl is here, my wife is here. The restaurant is open, the restaurant's always open. I usually open up, I drop my daughter off at school in the morning and then we come here to open up the restaurant and then I go pick her up. Okay. Right now though, when you left, you said your wife and your daughter left to go pick up your daughter from school. No, I I didn't say that. I said that my wife is here all the time. Hmm. Did you hear the The whole thing? Yes. Was he contradicting himself or? I would say that I think she was having a hard time understanding. I don't think that he was blatantly contradicting or anything was particularly alarming about the 9 1 1 call. I think the only thing that I would take away from the call that was like a little is that he seems a little calm.


However that could be seen as a positive trait of a father trying to get a goal done, a mission done. When we came back, it was just myself and my daughter, not my wife. My wife was here the whole time we came back. Okay, so your wife hasn't seen your littlest daughter since around four or five o'clock either. He explains, they saw her around four or five. Everyone the six year old saw her. The wife saw her, the husband saw her, everybody saw her sleeping. And then the dinner rush came. They were fixing up the dinner rush afterwards they went to check on her and she's gone. And it's been five hours maybe she managed to walk out the back door. And if that's the case, she maybe has a few more hours left.


Because if she's been out there for at least a few hours and it's six degrees outside, she doesn't have a lot of time. Six degrees Fahrenheit. Yes. What If the walk-in freezer is the worst case scenario? At least on first glance, this is the second worst case scenario. Ashley, five year old Ashley being lost outside in the cold. A lot of health inspectors do not like to eat out at restaurants. It's just not a fun time for them. You want to eat dinner with a health inspector, you're probably gonna go to their house. It's understandable. Maybe it's safer to cook at home when a ton of restaurants they're inspecting are clearly doing what they call fire drills. You think the health inspector doesn't know what's going on?


They know manager owner eyes get huge. They start ordering employees to do all sorts of tasks. You over there, you over there, they're like managing a drill to cover up all sorts of potential violations, which usually results in creating more violations on the spot. Or some of them try the distraction method, divide and conquer. They send people to bombard the inspector to get all their attention. So they can't actually focus on the restaurant and the inspector is thinking that's not working. Sometimes I heard they will have like a, they'll form a click with all the restaurants nearby. Yes. So usually when comes to one of them, they will alarm the others. Yes.


Like there are so many ways around it. I think the health inspectors are the citizen's number one friend, and the restaurant's number one enemy sometimes. And one of them just goes by this one health inspector. He said, go to the bathroom before you order, go to the bathroom. Usually in most restaurants, the bathroom and the kitchen are in very similar conditions. One health inspector writes online at one busy restaurant, there was a bucket under the prep bench. And I thought, what's that bucket? I walked up to it. The chefs were peeing inside the bucket. Whoa. Instead of going to the bathroom, another says, I do remember a steak being returned once, flipped it over.


There was a crispy fried cockroach cooked into one side of it. One medicine writes online, my mom was inspecting a donut shop in California and saw someone changing a diaper on the dough prep table. Their excuse was what? We're not open yet. People say, I've seen soup being prepared in five gallon Home Depot buckets on the floor. I've seen soup being prepared without utensils, just using a bare arm to Stirk the soup. Someone said, I discovered as a health inspector, one of the local restaurants had been washing dishes in the lake behind the restaurant. Another said, I'm not a health inspector, but I worked at a major fast food chain.


I had a coworker that would lick her index finger every time she peeled a slice of cheese from the stack of cheese to make cheeseburgers. It was as if she was trying to separate a sheet of paper from a stack of papers. I would watch her do this all day long. I never said anything to the health department, but I sure as hell never ate the cheeseburgers. Another person writes, I worked at another major national food chain, fast food chain. When the health inspector came, the cooks took all the expired food outta the fridge, stored it in their cars by the dumpster until after the health inspector left. And then we put it all back. When health inspector said, we kept getting reports of a vanilla ice cream machine with black specs in it, worried it would be grinding metal like a little lock metal that could be a health hazard.


The barrel for the ice cream machine was infested with cockroaches. Oh, just being ground up and expelled as additional protein. When person writes, you think that's bad. I saw a floor painted with non-slip paint and they literally painted over a dead rat and sealed it there. Considering how bad health inspections can go. ANGs Chinese cuisine in Ohio is actually not that bad. S is a Chinese carryout restaurant. So you don't really go there to sit and dine in. It's you go there, you order food, you get your dank Chinese food, and then you leave. You pick up, you do two go orders. You have some tables lined up with some menus and like the soy sauce containers with the chili oil containers.


But most of the time you see a row of people standing on their phones waiting for their takeout. Most of ANGs Chinese cuisine violations include chicken thawing on a rack at room temp. Food should be thawed under refrigerator or running water. Chicken that has been cooked is cooling at room. Temp food should be cooled by placing in shallow pans and placed in the walk-in cooler. And then lastly, chicken has been repackaged into disposable grocery bags. Food that is repackaged must be repackaged into food grade packaging. These are comments from the yes inspectors. Yes. Now regardless, once these problems are fixed, they pass all their health inspections. There's really nothing notable in any of their health inspections except one that is taken by Inspector Christina.


But none of the customers really care for it. January 4th, 2017, she says, while conducting my inspection, I noticed a little girl hunched down in a small toddler chair in the dry storage room. It caught me off guard because of her presence and demeanor. I only thought the owner and his wife were there. I asked the little girl how old she was and I got no answer. And I stared at her and I said, are you three? She responded back five. The girl remained in the same spot during the whole time I was inside the facility, approximately 90 minutes. I asked the male owner if she went to preschool or kindergarten and he reported she went to kindergarten, but I don't know.


There was a blue table in the facility by the hallway of the kitchen, had coloring books, crayons, a baby doll, another toy. It was just so strange though. I don't know. It was so odd. The little girl was so quiet and she would only stare at the floor. I thought she was in trouble for something, but I'm not sure. I just thought it was so strange the entire time I was there. I didn't even know she was there too. It was like, she's like a little ghost. Is this an interview or is it, This is a written formal statement, an interview with the officer I see a few weeks later. That little girl, five year old Ashley NG's, Chinese cuisine restaurant technically has four employees.


You've got Liang Dao. So Liang the dad, you got Minging, the mom. Jojo is the six year old daughter. This is a nickname. This is not her real name, but they refer to her as jojo, but it's not her government name. And then Ashley is the five year old daughter. So there are the four employees of the restaurant. Nobody else works there. It's just the four of them and a 300 item menu. And every single person that walks into the restaurant to order the approximately five to eight minutes that they wait for their food. They will all have very different feelings about this family Laying. The dad is very mild mannered, very quiet. Minging the mom. She gives me the vibe of kind of tightly strong, more vocal.


I don't wanna say in control, but when I was ordering, I felt like she wore the pants. A former delivery driver does mention that Minging and Leon seemed like good people. However, I always thought Leon wanted a son. He would say, I want a son, but he didn't have one. And I think it bothered him. Do it that way. You will. Others think it's just a little bit much to run the entire restaurant with the two of them. I mean, they do the cooking, they do the front of the house, everything. I imagine the hours are pretty insane. One fellow parent at the local elementary school says, my daughter was friends with their oldest daughter, Jojo. If they wanted play dates, I would've to bring my daughter to the restaurant. But the family unit as a whole is pretty wholesome.


I don't think I ever caught them at a bad moment. This is a direct quote from neighbors. Like these are direct, direct quotes from people that knew the family. They were always very polite, a little reserved. The family seems very private, but the two girls, by all accounts seem like daddy's girls. But now Ashley is gone and the only lead the police have is maybe she went outside the doors to the back, lead to the back parking lot of the plaza. Once you pass that, it's a pretty dense wooded area. It's like one of those suburban areas in Ohio where you drive. And it's tree, tree, tree, tree, tree, plaza, tree, tree, tree, tree, tree plaza. Those are the trees. She's five. I mean, she could have been anywhere.


She could have been taken. We don't know. I mean, has anybody been acting strange recently? Lang the dad says, there were two guys that came into the restaurant on two separate occasions, a a few months apart, but twice I remember because they were asking some weird questions. We thought like they were trying to see which restaurant to target for a robbery. They were asking like, when are your busiest times? How long do you stay busy? What time do you close? But I didn't think anything of it after the second time because it just seemed kind of dumb that they would also ask all of that. And probably they realized that there's not much to Rob here, so they moved on. But maybe Liang is wrong. Maybe they didn't come for the robbery. Maybe they were looking for something else.


Because behind the restaurant in the woods, the police find their very first piece of evidence and it's not looking good. A pair of black shoes too big to be Ashley's adult shoes. Like men's sneakers, over 100 officers are searching the dense woods behind the restaurants all night. Civilians are coming out in giant puffer jackets, in winter coats to help search. One woman in the car is being interviewed as she's going to search. I just pray that if somebody took her, that they would have the heart to bring her home, because I'm sure these parents are in such distress. So that night there is a gathering in the plaza of the restaurant with all the locals.


People are praying, they're comforting each other. They're praying that Ashley makes it back home. And there's at least one person there praying that Ashley will never be found.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Whatever your summer looks like, there is one essential companion you cannot forget. That is Liquid iv. Summer is not just a season, it is a lifestyle. Living your best summer means keeping your body fueled and hydrated with Liquid iv, with just one stick of liquid iv, your 16 ounce water bottle transforms into this superhero of hydration. This is not another sports drink either. We're talking about a scientifically crafted hydration solution that delivers three times the electrolytes of leading competitors. Liquid IV Hydroscience optimizes a blend of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients designed to transform your ordinary water into this powerhouse of nutrition and energy. And of course, liquid IV is always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free and soy-free. Break the mold and own your ritual. Get ready for summer with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code rotten at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code rotten@liquidiv.com.


Welcome to Omaha where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party. Where downtown convention space and hotels are within. Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes. Meet five o'clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet. To explore the waterfront views in our 72 acre downtown Urban Oasis and we're in 2027, A modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment options. Go to visit omaha.com/meetings to learn more.


The essential mango coconut freeze, it makes its appearance at the dinner party right when the night could go either way between nice evening and legendary served in eight perfect stone wear bowls to the sounds of circa 1950 Bossanova seconds. A good debate and an impromptu round of never have I ever follow. It's gonna be a late one. The Essential Evening Extender made possible with Vitamix.


Do you know how to tell when someone is lying? I mean, there's so many videos on YouTube of FBI profilers telling you how to spot a liar. There's probably more than four videos on this topic at the very least. But the only way to really tell if someone is lying is to establish a baseline, figure their unique nonverbal communication habits first and then see if they change when they're being deceptive. But if you don't have the time for that, look for micro expressions. That's what they say. Tell someone good news about your life and watch for a brief flash of a smirk or a grimace before they smile and congratulate you. And if you catch it, even for like a split second, just know that maybe they're not the most happy for you.


Or sometimes it's below the table signs, which actually works. There was a kdr clip that went viral recently, but there's a reason that it went viral because humans have a very distinct way of communicating. The clip is of a guy and a girl meeting up at a coffee shop. The girl starts crying. The guy gets up to get her tissues feeling bad for her. But as he's walking back to the table, her back is turned to him. She's still sitting at the table crying. He stops because just from looking at her back, he can tell her body language and she's lying. She's not actually crying. Can you guess what that body language is Like chest up, like shoulder straight or No, she's hunched over crying.


She, oh, she's shaking her leg. No, no. Yes. Her Foot is moving up and down. She's rocking one foot. Her legs are crossed and she's rocking one foot. Yeah, Which typically doesn't happen when you're crying and distraught. It's very inconsistent. So clearly when adults lie, there are inconsistencies. But is it possible for a kid to lie? I mean, one could argue it's nearly impossible for kids to lie. I actually hate that thing where it's like all kids lie. I get it. Kids go through a phase where they test boundaries and they learn how to communicate. But I think it's nearly impossible for kids to lie because most of the time adults will be able to spot it.


They're not the most advanced at hiding their deception. One of the detectives on site searching for Ashley spots, her older sister, Jojo sitting off to the site, he decides with consent to ask Jojo again exactly what is it that she saw in that restaurant. Jojo glances around, she makes sure that nobody's eavesdropping. And she whispers. Mommy and daddy said, I can't say what happened. What? What? I don't really know. I'm not sure. Mommy and daddy said, I can't say what happened. Suddenly the detective is staring at ing Ming and Liang from across the restaurant, and it's not adding up. Liang is fidgeting with his hands, talking to other officers.


But he almost looks nervous more than anything, which fine, maybe he is nervous. He's nervous to find his daughter. But ing Ming, her reaction right now, this entire time has been cold. The officer walks up to Liang, the dad. Do you have a recent photo of Ashley? I do not. You don't have social media, you don't post them. Do you have a physical album somewhere? No. The only picture I have of her is her passport photo. Huh. Some people swear by the idea that the only way to lie on a polygraph test and not get caught is to clench your butt cheeks or put a thumbtack in your shoe.


And every time that you answer a question truthfully, you step your toe onto the thumbtack and you or you clench your butt muscles and you release them slowly to throw off the questions reading. Others say no, you just have to lie like you have to think when they ask you normal questions. So they do a baseline first control questions is what they call them. They ask you for your government name, your birthday, who the president is. This is your baseline, this is when you're normal. When you're not stressed out, this is how you're gonna be. They said when they ask those questions, start biting the inside of your mouth. Throw off the baseline because that's what they're gonna compare the lies to other net. Say, listen, I've lied on many of polygraphs.


It's just 90% breath control. Just sit in the chair and keep a steady breath every once in a while during a control question. Interrupt your normal breathing rhythm and breathe faster and then go back to normal. Be very calm. They will ask you the same questions over and over. You'll be bored, you'll be frustrated. This is a game of patience with some even saying that the best way to beat a polygraph is during the control questions where they ask you for your name. Start counting backwards from a hundred by intervals of seven. So like 93. And then from there and there, because that makes your, I guess it does something physiologically to you or recall emotionally charged memories during childhood to trigger physiological responses that are gonna throw people off.


It's actually pretty terrifying how a lot of polygraph administrators cannot tell when someone is using a deceptive technique. It's really hard to detect. But that means it could go the other way too. You can completely tell the truth and it will look like you're lying. Liang, the dad is the first to go. He's welcomed into the interrogation room. He's wearing a black hoodie dressed comfortably. But first the control answers. Do you have any idea what the reason is for this test? To see if I hurt my daughter? Did you heard Ashley answer truthfully by saying the word yes or no? Oh, he's going through a lie detector test. Yes. No. If I were to ask you right now you physically have anything to do with Ashley's disappearance, what would the truthful answer be?


No. Have you ever had any psychological counseling? Yes. When was the last time? About a month ago. What was going on? What were you having a hard time with? My wife's immigration case. Oh. Oh yeah. What is going on with that? Is she going to be deported or something? So Minging is trying to get asylum in the United States, but it's not working. I don't know, maybe. But you're an American citizen. Yes. And your wife can eventually become a US citizen. My mom did the process as well. It's harder than it looks. So what are you feeling? What were some of the things emotionally that you're feeling? That my wife might get deported. Okay.


I don dunno what to do with my kids. So you were worried about what might happen? That she can't take them with her? I don't know. Even if she did, I would still have to support them on Tuesdays. That's the only day the restaurant closes. What do you do on your day off? I pretty much do stuff for the restaurant. So you don't have any hobbies or things you like to do? I like to draw, play some games. He's very calm. What is your greatest ambition in life? Wait, how old are you? 34. Honestly, I told my wife I gave up on the personal stuff. I just wanna raise the kids. I just wanna make sure that they have a good future. Do you plan to have more children than two?


Yeah, I wanted four. But it can be tough. What's the single best thing that's ever happened to your life so far? My kids. What's the single worst thing that's ever happened to your life since the day you were born? Probably this, this is where it starts feeling less like a polygraph and more like a full blown interrogation. A lot of people would categorize this type of interrogation, like being buried alive. So I think it's very interesting when you watch a lot of interrogation tapes. Each one has vastly different pacing, but they're all kind of across the board can fit into different categories. And it always depends on probably the interrogator themselves, how much evidence they actually have on the subject, and then the subject themselves.


Each personality is going to be different, but this one is such a clear categorization of being buried alive. Just soil collapsing on the subject. The overlying feeling is supposed to be every lie you tell buries you deeper and it becomes suffocating. Mm. The interrogator asked Lang, why did you agree to take the polygraph today? I didn't know. I thought I, I was, I thought I had to, you know? Has Ashley ever run away before? Run away, run away from home? She went out the back door before. Okay. I'm just talking about, you know, is she the type to kind of run off and go? No. You say she ran out the back door, ran outta the back room At the apartment?


No, at the, at the restaurant. Can you kind of tell me what you did yesterday? Yesterday? Oh, I'm sorry. I haven't slept for a while, so I don't know what yesterday was. Has Ashley ever wandered off before? Yes. She opened the back door and walked out before. Can she unlock the door herself to get out? Yeah, both. Both my daughters can. They both did it. They're not supposed to do it, but they do it. So how many locks are on the back door that they have to open? None. It automatically opens from the inside. Okay. And then you need a key to get back inside if you're outside. Yes. What do you think happened to Ashley? I don't know. So what do you, what do you think if somebody took your child, what do you think should happen to that person?


What do you wanna see happen to them? If you find out through the investigation that someone took your child, she was just wandering around and they picked her up and took her, I would want her back. What do you think should happen to that person? Go to jail. What would be the possibility that an accident happened inside the restaurant? The possibility of an accident happening inside to where she got hurt really, really bad. I guess it's possible. I'm asking you because I have to look at every possibility when I'm doing the polygraph. Okay? The child walks out the door and a very unfortunate thing happens. Someone picks her up and takes her and now they have their own child. Maybe there's an accident, she gets burned with grease or something and the next thing you know, she's laying lifeless, you're scared.


You don't know if police are gonna believe you or not. So you just take her body and hide it somewhere. I have to look at that possibility because unfortunately those things happen as well. But if you know what happened to your daughter, you need to tell me because there's an awful lot of people right now looking for her. A lot of people, more than you can imagine, highway patrol's got helicopters, airplanes, they've got dogs, they've got all kinds of people looking for her. But if you know, we're never gonna find her, you need to let us know right now because these people are away from their families and they will be for days and days and days. And that's not fair to them. If you know, in fact, where Ashley really is, the other possibility would be that you sold her.


What? Unfortunately, a lot of people do this. They sell their own children. But you, if you know what happened, you need to tell me, we gotta stop. You're, you're giving me a lot of stuff and I haven't slept in a really long time right now. I don't think I wanna do this. A lot of other people aren't going to sleep until they find her. We owe it to you. We owe it to everybody. We owe it to Ashley. I'm having trouble keeping my eyes open right now. I've had five minutes of rest since yesterday and I slept. I I don't know how much you ask all these tough questions and I'm starting to get scared. What are you scared of? Do you know something that you haven't told them? I mean, look, I'll be your spokesperson for you.


I know those people. There's no reason that you shouldn't be able to tell what you need to tell. There's no reason you shouldn't be able to. And I will go right beside you. I won't make you do it by yourself, but you've got to tell me what's going on. I'm scared if I continue with this test and it shows that I'm lying or I'm trying to fake the test or something, it's, it's gonna reflect badly. You're right. It will reflect badly. And we don't want that. No, we don't want that. And I, I told you I'm having a really hard time concentrating and sitting here. I can't even really keep my eyes open. I just keep blinking. Can you tell us where she is? Can you tell us what happened to her so we can at least go find her? Can you at least do that for us? I'm just afraid for my wife. That's all. Why? What did she do? Huh? What did your wife do?


Did she make a mistake? No. Her deportation, you know, I get that, but I don't care about that. It's not about your wife, it's about your daughter. We just wanna find your daughter. No, my whole family is gonna fall apart. Can I just go home first? I know. You know something. I just wanna be able to call off all these people if I can. If I can send them home. That's all I wanna do. I just need a little more time. That's all. Do you have any idea where she is? If we just know where she is? You don't have to tell me the rest of the story. I just wanna know where we can find her. I just need a little more time. Do you know where she is? Would you tell me that? Do you know where she is?


The longer this goes on and then they find out all along, you could have stopped it and you didn't. Gloves are off. There's nobody that's going to deal with you. Nobody's going to feel sorry for anybody and it's gonna get really ugly and I don't want that to happen. There's no reason for that. I don't want it to happen. You don't want it to ha happen. You don't have to explain to me, but at least let us go get her. That's all we wanna do. So that we can send everyone home so they can at least spend their evening with their loved ones. I know. I know. I understand. Okay. I really do. But you know it's, it's not just my wife. It's my whole family that's gonna, can I just leave? Can I just leave for a little while? Just let me go back home to my wife and see my kid. I just wanna see my kid. You are not gonna tell us are you?


I just wanna see my kid and my wife. I wanna help, but I can't help. If you don't help me, I'm gonna reach my arm out to you. I'm gonna reach my hand out to you and I'm take my hand. I'm here to help you. Look at my hand. It's shaking. It shakes when I'm nervous, but I'm putting my hand out to you. Please. I don't it. It was an accident. We didn't mean for this to happen. What happened? Did she fall? No. Something gets spilled on her. No. Somebody fall on her. No. Was she playing and she got hurt? No. Just tell us so we can at least go get her. I mean, I'm still gonna go to jail.


But what did you do wrong? Why would you go to jail? Because I hid a dead body. The police are searching for Ashley in the woods and near the restaurant. They unlock the front door to ANGs cuisine. This is not their first search of this entire restaurant, but now they know for sure that they're looking in the right direction. They start going through, coming through the entire place again. But this time with a lot more patients, they go through the kitchen, the walk-in freezer, the messy storage room, the tiny closet with the mattress in there. And why is there a ladder propped up against the wall? Leaned above where the walk-in freezer is. So on top of the giant commercial walk-in freezer, there's a crawl space and they shine the light.


Look, the tiles are not even even get the ladder. We gotta go up there. So the light detector test was when? When was that taken? The next day. The next day. So they've been searching. They called at 9:00 PM They've been searching all night into the day and the lie detector test is taken. And then after that, this is when the police Yes. Is going back to the Restaurant? Yes. I mean, I do think that the police were suspicious of the couple from the get go, but they, they're honing in now. They're no longer focusing on the woods. They're inside the restaurant. The first officer calmly pulls down the first tile, places it on the ground. He shines his light into this tiny little crawl space. And it is storage.


There's photo albums, wedding photos of Ming Ming and Liang. He starts taking some of them down and in the back he sees like these few plastic bags that smell. He grabs them and he opens them as gently and as quickly as possible. And inside he sees skin dried fish, skin and dried chicken. He shines his flashlight deeper into the crawl space. And now he's like, there's really nothing left up here. I'm so confused. He sees in the very back, shoved deep into the crevice of the crawlspace is a busing container. Like you know those gray plastic containers that in restaurants they use to take the dishes off the tables?


Those little plastic tubs. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yes. Like when you, yeah. So this is all above the ceiling. You're saying? It's Like a tiny little cross, like a mini attic, but it's not even really an attic. So the ceiling is flat. It's one ceiling, but because the fridge, the freezer is not tall enough, there's a cross base above it. Oh, For some duct? Mm. I see Like a little bit of space, maybe like a cabinet. So they connect the yes freezer to the ceiling. And that's a little Yes. Oh, so they're going through that and he just sees that bucket left. So he starts slowly pulling it towards him. It just looks like more storage.


He pulls it closer and closer and he hears like a shaking noise. It's salt. It's like filled with salt and just placed up here. Kind of weird, but I mean maybe it's not the most hygienic restaurant. They brush away some of the salt and inside is a black plastic bag. And inside of that in a fetal position is Ashley, all the major news networks in Ohio are reporting breaking news. We have confirmed here at the scene that five year old Ashley's body has been found inside of her parents' restaurant. So continuing with this timeline, people are just trying to add two and two together. Now that means that for eight to nine hours, a's restaurant has been fully operating, serving customers cooking while the owner's deceased, five year old daughter was in the back, the forensic pathologist has to remove all the salt covering Ashley's body.


All those little white specks. They conclude that the cause of death is blunt force trauma to the head and the torso. A lot of the officers did not like the parents from the get go. One even goes into detail in his report. Eyes were not bloodshot, no crying and mucus from the nasal cavity. They just think that's not how you act when your child is missing, unless you're not their parent. Ming, Ming and Liang have been telling Ashley for months, I am your mom. This is your dad. That person is not your mom. Stop calling them your mom. I'm your mom. But it is not clicking with Ashley. Every time she sees Ing Ming and Liang get intense about all of this.


She starts crying. She starts acting out. Ming Ming explains to the officers. It's because Ashley was raised by Liang's parents, her paternal grandparents, ever since she was young. Ashley literally thinks that Liang's mom, her grandma is her real mom. Ming Ming says, I need to talk to her to explain to her, I'm your mom. Grandma is daddy's mommy. It's not your mommy. I'm your mommy. You are from me. From my belly. Okay. It's so hard to talk to her when she's not even four. Ming, Ming and Lang are sitting in separate interrogation rooms now in the police station. Ashley's body has been found at first Ming. Ming tries to, not very convincingly, but attempts to try and tell the investigators that maybe someone brought up the idea that perhaps Ashley was taken.


She says, I don't know. The lady told me she thinks someone took her. So this is next day the body has been found. Both the parents are in the police station. Yes. And she hasn't been told that the body is found. I see. No. In Ming Ming's interrogation room, there's a female and male interrogator as well as a female Chinese translator that will come in and out. The detectives try to explain how he sat with Jojo alone to ask her questions. And he asks Ming Ming, and it's very interesting, Ming Ming has her hands placed on the table. They're folded. It's almost like she's in a work meeting. Do you know what I asked your oldest daughter? I asked her, I said, where's your sister at? Do you know what she told me? Mommy and daddy don't want me to tell you what happened.


Ming Ming scuffs. No way. She's not gonna say that. Can I tell you something else? Sure. We found Ashley. Okay. She's deceased ing Ming tilts her head a bit and says, what? Do you want me to tell you where we found her? Or do you wanna tell us what happened? I don't know, Ming. I think you are a good caring person that was overwhelmed by a lot of things because that's what you were telling us, and I think you're a good mom. Life can be overwhelming at times. I've got four kids. I know the female detective L leans in what happened at the restaurant? What are talking about? We know something happened at the restaurant.


So we're trying to figure out what led up to that. I don't know. I think accidents happened too. And I think that there could be something that happened that was an accident and you didn't mean for it to happen or your husband didn't mean for it to happen. Jojo didn't mean for it to happen. So we need to figure out some sort of accident happened so we can understand. I just know what Jojo told me. How do you think she's feeling right now? This is the male detective. I don't know. You have to think about Jojo. You're a caring mom and you've got a little girl that looks up to you. Minging sits there. Her shoulders go up. She says it's like a mom that has to explain for the fifth time that why is the spaghetti noodle shaped like that?


I'm not a caring mom. She say I'm not a caring mom. Yeah. Why do you say you're not a caring mom? Why do you say I'm a caring mom? Because I can tell you take care of Jojo. Yeah, I take care of kids all the time. She has a brief moment with a translator where the translator has to explain to her that caring means loving. So it appears that maybe she doesn't know what the word caring means. Then they just skim over it. Meaning you're not even crying. You're not even crying. I can't. Why? Because I can't. I don't have any. I don't have any water anymore. Okay, I understand that. But what happened to her? How did she end up dead in your restaurant? What happened to your daughter? The male detective on the side starts getting aggressive with ing bing.


He leans forward. He's raising his voice. Your daughter is dead. Ming Ming, she's dead. She's dead. She wasn't on the couch. She wasn't on the bed. She's dead in your restaurant. And now we can sit here and play games all night, but I don't wanna do this. I know that you love your daughters. You told us. Do you think that Jojo wants to go through this and lose her sister? Do you wanna sit and play whatever and say, I don't know what happened. What happened to Ashley? How did she end up dead in your restaurant? Silence. Your daughter is dead. I just don't understand. You said you have nothing left. Isn't that what you told me? You don't have any tears left. You have nothing left. M your daughter is dead. I just don't understand that. I'm to the point where I'm crying for your daughter. I'm not expecting you to cry, but there's the death of a five year old little girl.


The energy in this tiny room feels like maybe it's a little bit much. Everybody steps out leaves ing alone with her thoughts. And now just the male detective returns, he plops down across from ING Ming. It looks like he's plopping down in front of his teenage kid who he just caught sneaking out. He looks disappointed. He looks gr disgruntled. He looks like he would rather be, I don't know, 50 other places. What are we gonna talk about Ing Ming shakes her head. No. I'll listen. I just, I don't have any more to say because I know that you're just gonna tell me nothing happened. I just wanna find out what happened to her. I can see it in your eyes that something happened. I'm so tired. Don't you think I'm tired? I was at home with my family last night.


Okay. I didn't get no sleep. I woke up. I haven't been to bed since because that's my job. I take pride in my job. Okay. My job is to help people, but also give people closure. Your husband called me because your daughter is missing. That's the report I got. I left my family because it's important for me to come help find your daughter. They are facing off in the interrogation room. Usually the interrogators try to sit on the side. Sometimes you'll have one interrogator in front, but always someone to the side. This detective is closing in on her. He's sitting square in front of Ing Ming. He's got his arms reaching about halfway onto the table. It's a tiny little table. He's looking mean, mean straight in the face.


He's not letting her look away. She's resting her elbows on the very edge of the table, and she is also not leaning back from his gaze or his very intense body language. She's just staring right back. What happened to Ashley? How did she die? I kill her. You killed her? Yeah. How did she die? I just killed her and then she died. What happened? What do you mean what happened? What happened to Ashley? I killed her. Okay. What happened?


I don't understand. That's what I'm trying to understand. Yeah, I kill her. Did you hit her? Did she trip? Did she fall? Did you hit her? Did okay. How did you hit her? How she looks at her right hand. That's balled into a fist. How I used my hand to do that. How many times did you hit her? I don't know. What happened after she died. After she died. She just died. What did you do with her after? Nothing. Just leave her there. That's all. But what happened after that? Because she didn't just lay there. What happened to her after that? I told my husband to take care of it. So you're telling me that you told your husband?


I told my husband to take care of it. What happened? What made you hit her? Huh? I forget. I just got angry. Did something happen that led up to that? Did something happen or did Ashley say something to you that made you mad? I think so. I think so because kids always say something and I can't control myself and not kill her. What did you kill her with? My hand. How many times did you hit her? I don't know. Was it more than once? I guess she says, I told my husband to take care of it. I need to take care of everything from the restaurant. I only have two hands. I'm not four hands girl. I'm two hands.


I don't wanna do that to Ashley. But you can't control yourself sometimes. Sometimes if you do it one time, that means you have to do it two times. If you do it two times, then you have to do it three times. I don't wanna do that, but I can't control myself. Meanwhile, Liang, the dad is in the next interrogation room over explaining my wife. She's not a bad person. I mean, I married her. I wouldn't marry her if she was physically abusive in the beginning. Because see my daughter, she's six years old. Jojo took care of both of us for six years. Not once did my, my wife physically abuse Jojo out of anger or anything like that. We spanked her if she did something wrong. But nothing like the bruises on her or like all over the place that you found on Ashley.


My wife is a good person. I know it's very hard to believe seeing Ashley, but look at jojo. Look at Jojo Ming is a good person. She's a good mother. She just has problems. Why didn't you ever report your abuse? Abusive wife to law enforcement? I was worried. I was scared. Scared that they're gonna take my wife away. It wasn't initially so bad. If it was initially so bad, I would've probably reported it, but it just escalated. And then at that point I was like, she has so many bruises on her. I can't call it in anymore. Everything that Ashley does, she's just, I tell Ming to forget about it. To just let it be. But there's got to be so many bruises on Ashley, so many bruises. I mean, this is for a long time you'll find so many bruises and you're gonna put my wife away. You're gonna put me away.


Because even knowing what my wife did, those things, I didn't do anything about it. I just, Ashley has a lot of, well, what would Ashley do? What would Ming Ming do to Ashley? Would Ming Ming twist her arm, kick her? Would she hit or would happen? Pretty much all of it. He explains that Ashley was raised by his parents for the first four years of their lives, her life. And since Ashley got back, maybe not even a year ago, they just, it's been rough. He says that his parents call nonstop. They send relatives over to tell Ming Ming that she's a horrible mother. He says, my mom started telling my wife that she's doing it wrong, that she's raising Ashley wrong. That kind of got to my wife because it's, you know, your own daughter and then your mother-in-law's telling you that you're not doing it.


Right? You're not supposed to be doing what you're supposed to be doing. That's one thing. And then you gotta look after your own daughter. It, she's four. She's not potty trained. She doesn't know her last name. She doesn't know if she's a boy or a girl. And the list goes on and on with all these things. And she finally knows that she's a girl because we taught her that and we taught her her last name. But initially, when we got her back from my parents, she didn't know. And combined with the fact that my mom kept telling my wife that she's doing it wrong, and seeing how Ashley was actually raced, the combination of the two just made my wife really angry. And the more my wife saw Ashley being that way, not being able to be potty trained and just getting angry, it's always when Ashley does something that Minging gets triggered by, he tries to argue that every time Ashley would not be potty trained.


It's a reminder for ING ing about her mother-in-law criticizing her. What? Yeah.


My name is Lily and I've had Hydradenitis Suppurativa Hs. For years. I finally found some relief since taking Cosentyx. Relief means I can show up more. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe hydradenitis suppurativa. Hs. Don't use if if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting. Get checked for tuberculosis. And increased risk of infections and lowered ability to fight them may occur like tuberculosis or other serious bacterial, fungal, or viral infections. Some are fatal. Tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle aches, or cough, how a vaccine or plan to, or if inflammatory bowel disease symptoms develop or worsen serious allergic reactions and severe eczema like skin reactions may occur. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com. Ask your dermatologist about Cosentyx.


Think you found the one, but something feels off. If you've met someone online who seems too good to be true, they probably are before you fall. For flirty texts and stolen profile photos, use truth finder.com to run a background check. Find out if they're really a Nigerian prince, a hot co-ed, Mr. Perfect, or a total fraud within seconds. Use a name, email, or phone number to search for anyone to verify, age, criminal, and traffic info, and much more. Go to truth finder.com/dating today to uncover who they really are.


Planning a trip this year, travel smarter and connect deeper by learning the local language With Rosetta Stone. With over 30 years of experience, Rosetta Stone's immersive intuitive method helps you live the language, not just memorize it. Choose from over 25 languages, including Spanish, French, Japanese, and more their true accent. Speech recognition technology gives realtime feedback to help perfect your pronunciation. No translations, just natural learning that builds from words to phrases to full conversations. Whether you have five minutes or an hour, you can learn anytime on desktop or mobile, get a lifetime membership and unlock all 25 languages. Learn as much as you want whenever you want. Rosetta Stone, learn confidently. Connect authentically, don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now, listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash pod 50 to get started and claim your 50% off today. Don't miss out. Go to Rosetta Stone dot com slash pod 50 and start learning today.


As for what happened yesterday, Liang tells the full picture, whereas Ming Ming doesn't. Liang says that he went to go drop off Jojo from school. He comes home and he recognizes that Ashley had defecated in her diaper. So she pooped in her diaper 'cause she's not potty trained. And which by the way, I've got a very firm stance. If your child is not potty trained, that's on the responsibility of the parent. It's not the child. The child does not potty train themselves. She pooped in her diaper. And then I think she was so uncomfortable with the poop in her diaper because obviously it's a very not a great sensation. She took off her diaper, which led to some of the poop falling onto the floor. Liang walks in, minging is smashing Ashley's head into the carpet In the restaurant or at home.


At home she stops. They let her be. She's making these snoring sounds. And he says, this isn't the first time that her head has been smashed into the carpet. So he didn't think anything of it. He thought it would just be fine that he, she was hyperventilating, which that snoring sound. We talked about that in like the previous episode. That's not, you're not sleeping like he thought that she's sleeping or she's hyperventilating. So about a good five minutes pass and all this vomit starts coming out of Ashley. She starts having green fluid come out of her nostrils. They take her, rinse her off in the bath. They still, I guess don't think anything of it. They bring her back to the living room and she's still breathing. And then a few minutes later, he goes to check up on her on the living room floor.


And she is no longer breathing. He starts freaking out and that's when they decide they need an alibi. So they're going to dress her in her clothes, put her in the baby seat, take her from their apartment door to the car, buckle her into the car seat. Oh my God. Drive their deceased child to the restaurant, unbuckle her. That's when the roofer saw her. Oh my God, she was already deceased by this point. They're gonna keep her in the back of the restaurant while they open up her business business as usual. And then he's gonna go pick up Jojo Jojo's gonna see her sleeping in the mattress on the back so that she doesn't have to lie, so that she can tell the truth and they look more credible as a family.


And then after Jojo leaves for a second to get a tooth pulled out in the front, Liang moves Ashley's body on top of the cross base. It's sick and twisted that they're using their eldest daughter as an alibi. But he also says, you know, I didn't know it was gonna be this serious. He just thought that he was gonna call 9 1 1 and they were gonna say, okay, your daughter is missing. He said, I didn't know the procedure. We didn't think that I was gonna be coming down here taking a polygraph. I was gonna be asked so many questions that it was gonna be involving so many people. If we knew that there was gonna be a hundred people searching, maybe even more. I don't even know. I'm just, sorry. Getting back to that night, you guys actually cooked and served meals while your daughter was laying there. Yes. And went on business as usual?


Yes. I kind of wish this didn't happen this way. My wife and I were both afraid that we were gonna lose our daughter. We were gonna lose our family. The restaurant, the house that we were buying, everything in our lives that we were so hard for in the past six years was gonna be gone. See, he is so acting like he's so nice, right? Yeah. He's saying like, I, I didn't know my wife is nice. I'm just cleaning up. I'm scared this and that, this and that. He doesn't even care. The daughter Died. Yeah. Later he keeps calling Ashley it. Did you and your wife both agree on putting her there in that container? I mean, we talked about places and I said, this is probably the best place to do it. You know, it's well ventilated with the salt in it, and we're not gonna be worried about the temperature because it's cooler up there.


Now side note, there are speculations by medicine. And as someone who knows, a lot of people close to me that are autistic, there are speculations that perhaps Ashley was on the spectrum at one point in the interrogation with Liang the dad. He shows the police how Ashley was standing, which seems to irk him to the point where it sounds like he's almost justifying their abuse to Ashley in some regard. He says, this is how she would stand. I don't know where you get that. I don't know how she did that, but my mother never corrected her. And this is not how a person stands. So he stands up in the interrogation rope. He takes off his hoodie for this demonstration. He stands on his tippy toes and his arms are bent. And a lot of people with autism called them like T-Rex arms.


And they're, they, they could be indicators for younger children where maybe diagnosing is a little bit harder. This seems to be something that some doctors who specialize in the diagnosis look for, and that her hands would be kind of bent at the elbows and then bent at the wrist with her hands kind of flapping forward. And then sometimes she would put all of her weight on just one foot. And then the other one would just be tippy toeing. And again, tippy toes is another sign that a lot of parents with autistic children look out for. This is li, we would tell her to put both feet down, both hands down. And she would just do that pretty much. We correct her. She would do it, we correct her. She would do it. A lot of it just, there are a lot of things that we felt like my mom had her for four years.


She should have corrected these things because they're not normal. So every time Ashley would do something like that, it would trigger my wife. And he says that's the reason that Ashley was getting abused. Whereas Jojo wasn't, because when they got Ashley back from his parents, they said there were so many quote problems that Ashley could not feed herself. She was still in diapers. She didn't know how to use the restroom by herself. She was not potty trained. She didn't even know how to go into the refrigerator to get something. One family friend said, I've seen Ashley, if she was thirsty or wanted something, she would walk to the refrigerator point. They would have to walk to the refrigerator, open it, and then she would point to what she wanted. She was still in a high chair because she didn't know how to use eating utensils, hold a cup.


And again, I just don't know why any of the adults, even this family friend is talking about it as if it's something wrong with Ashley. I don't think anything's wrong with Ashley. And if someone is upset by, I guess maybe her development, it's up to the parents to work on that. I think it's crazy that they're talking about her like she's weird. Like something's wrong with her when nothing is wrong with her. They would say things like, so Ashley was almost like an infant in a five-year-old's body. And again, they're almost placing the blame on Ashley when it's on the parents. Liang says, we would've to feed her like even a regular piece of sliced bread. It would take her over and half an hour to eat. My mom had her on a liquid or semi-liquid diet. She has problems processing solid foods.


That's why it takes her so long to eat. Clearly they have no intention of getting her help though, because he says we didn't take her to the doctor. We are afraid because the doctor would see, you know, that she's bruised all over the body. Interestingly enough people, a lot of people don't even know that they have two daughters. A lot of them only know jojo. And there are speculations that because maybe Ashley was not what they perceived as neuro neurotypical. They didn't want people to know that she was their daughter. Yeah. And it's kind of gross because in Liang's interrogation, he continues to state that, yeah, okay, fine. Ming Ming's going to jail. I'm going to jail. But guess what? I don't want Jojo to be raised by my family.


I want her to go into foster care. He said, if Jojo is raised by his family, they're gonna turn out the way Ashley did. He says, Jojo's gonna turn out the way Ashley did. He says, I just don't want my family to raise my kids. I'm just afraid they're gonna turn out like Ashley and then my wife is gonna hate her. And even as we, he's being taken to prison, he says, I just don't want my mom to have contact with my oldest daughter. Jojo. Okay. Not that she's a bad person, it's just what happened with Ashley. I'm really afraid she's gonna raise Jojo the same way in prison, in jail. The couple have turned on each other. Ming Ming's attorneys have accused Liang of harming both Ming Ming and their two daughters. Those allegations did not come back up in court. But Ing Ming confided in a psychiatrist in prison that Liang was the one responsible for Ashley's deaths.


She claims that she was instructed by him to tell the investigators that she was the sole person responsible for Ashley's death. With some people, some citizens actually can agree with this theory because the way that she's confessing in the interrogation, it's vague and it's like, I killed her. Let's get it over with. I did it get me? Oh, you're saying she did. All she said was I, she killed her with he. Yes. And she didn't give any more detail. Yes, every detail is from him. Yes. And then some medicines are digging deeper psychologically and saying perhaps even her flippant attitude. So a lot of people when they first see the interrogation, it's like, wow, this lady is crazy. And she is crazy, right?


Yeah. But some people think, what if she thinks she's doing something for her eldest daughter? Like she's taking one for the family. Yeah. I think she's clearly crazy, but I think the husband's more scary. Yes. Terrifying. I think everything the whole way he carried himself, Like my wife is such a good person, but also she murdered our daughter in cold blood. Yeah. He's in his mind, he, the story he tells is, oh, I love my wife and I'm protecting her. Yeah. But truly, if you think more, he's like, yeah, clearly messed up. So the argument by this, the people that believe, and again, nobody is feeling sympathy for Minging, but they're saying that maybe Liang is the one that killed the daughter and perhaps Ing Ming took the fall because Ming Ming is not in the us.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Legally. So she doesn't have her papers. Yeah. Yeah. And so maybe she thought either way, If he goes to prison, I'm gonna get deported and then Jojo's gonna have nobody. So what exactly did she say? She say he killed the daughter. Yes. And that he has been abusive to not just her, but also the daughters. And he threatened her, if you don't take the fall, you're gonna get deported and Jo's gonna go into foster care and I'm gonna go to prison. And then she says that she originally took the hit for it until she realized that he requested Jojo to be sent off to foster care regardless. And the medicines who believe this theory, not again, no sympathy framing me, but they have scoured through the ANGs Chinese cuisine restaurant Facebook page.


There are just back to back posts of Liang running that page and saying, sorry, we're closed today because my wife is sick. My wife is sick. So people are commenting very odd that this place was closed so many times due to his wife being ill. They thought maybe he was being abusive. Now, October 12th, 2017, initially Minging pleads not guilty to murder by reason of insanity. She ends up taking a plea deal. She pleads guilty to involuntary manslaughter and other charges. And under that plea deal, she has been sentenced to just 22 years in prison. The judge says the horror of being beaten by her own mother, I use the word mother with great pain when talking to you. It's insulting for mothers who do what they're supposed to do for their children.


100 years would not be enough. So why 22 then? It's likely because she is going to be deported back to China right after her sentence In 2040 Still. Yeah. Meanwhile, Liang is serving a 12 year sentence for his part of the crime. He will be eligible for release in 2030, which medicines are very upset by, because during his own interrogation with the police, he says, let's say I went through with this and I didn't get caught. I'm gonna be looking over my shoulder for I don't know how long because a dead body is there that I eventually have to get rid of. And if you put it in the ocean, the tide can wash it back.


If you bury it, animals can get at it, someone can find it. If you burn it, there's a chance someone is gonna see you because it's gonna be a very big fire. You're not gonna do it during the day. You're gonna do it during the night. So when you're burning a big flame at night, someone is going to see it. We thought about all of this and honestly we weren't really too sure what to do after that. One officer writes in his report during the interview with Liang Doo. He shows no remorse for Ashley. The only time he showed remorse for was when he found out that he would not be able to see his daughter Jojo. Even during his sentencing, he tells the judge, A year ago yesterday, I lost my daughter. And he says, nothing of any substantial value or emotional substance.


He continues and takes a weird turn. No one is going to remember my daughter. No one. The people in my family, I don't wanna be rude, but none of you remember her. None. It's so strange. What? And it's just left zens with like a really bad taste in their mouth. There are a lot of people from the community that are confused writing. They look so nice. They seemed like good people. Others writing. I remember this case. I was a new mom and I couldn't even fathom someone being able to do something like that. We all prayed together in front of the restaurant and left flowers and stuffed animals. They actually demolished and rebuilt the strip mall not too long after it happened. But we're never gonna forget that Poor baby girl. Another comment reads, if your your child isn't potty trained at five, that's completely on you.


That is the responsibility of the parent, not the child. She's probably under constant stress that she had that little batter bladder control. Others are traumatized by their Asian parents actually using this case against them. One that rights. My mother would probably would've loved to use this case to tell me how good I had it. Weirdly, she always tells me to read child abuse books and tell me how good I have it. Others write. It sounds like poor baby Ashley was autistic and needed early intervention. This breaks my heart. I hope they get buried in jail. The fact that they use their other daughter and let her see her sister quote, sleeping as an alibi makes me wanna throw up the reviews to the restaurant.


Now just read, not child friendly. And that is the case of Ashley Jail. What are your thoughts? Let me know in the comments. Be safe and I will see you in the next one.


My name is Lily and I've had Hydradenitis Suppurativa Hs for years. I finally found some relief since taking Cosentyx. Relief means I can show up more. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe hydradenitis suppurativa, HS. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting. Get checked for tuberculosis and increased risk of infections and lower ability to fight them may occur like tuberculosis or other serious bacterial, fungal, or viral infections. Some were fatal. Tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle aches, or cough, how a vaccine or plan to, or if inflammatory bowel disease symptoms develop or worsen serious allergic reactions and severe eczema like skin reactions may occur. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com. Ask your dermatologist about Cosentyx


Powering through your day on nothing but grit and iced coffee just isn't enough anymore. Your ambition deserves better fuel, which is where SymbioticA comes in which side note, I have some of the craziest allergies and sensitivities around this time of year, which means my immune system needs all the support that I can get. That also means my husband and I have tried basically every supplement on the market looking for the perfect match. SymbioticA is the only supplement with a permanent place on our pantry shelf. Symbio, attica's, vitamin C has as much vitamin C as 10 oranges. Each packet really packs a punch. Not only does vitamin C strengthen your immunity, but the biotin in the formula keeps your skin plump and radiant. Their supplements also never contain seed oils, preservatives, toxins, artificial additives or natural flavors. And with thousands of five star reviews, this product speaks for itself. Feel your absolute best going into Spring with Symbio Attica Wellness Made Simple. Claim 20% off and free shipping today at symbiotica.com/rotten. That's C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com/rotten symbiotica.com/rotten for 20% off and free shipping.