
Appliances and home systems all tend to break down at some point. But with an American Home Shield warranty, you're covered when your fridge is on a lifeline and your faucet won't stop leaking. A HS will fix or replace covered parts of your home systems and appliances no matter how old they are. Not to mention as a benefit. With select plans, you can video chat with your live repair experts to help assess or fix the issue on the spot. American Home Shield, don't worry, be warranty. Get 20% off any plan at ahs.com/rotten. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details including Service fees, limitations, and exclusions.


If you are into deep dives on true crime and searching for answers in every detail, you need to check out Crime Junkie hosted by True Crime Queen Ashley Flowers and her best friend, Brit Pert Crime Junkie delivers gripping cases both famous and lesser known that stick with you. Their storytelling is sharp and uncompromising, just how we like it on Rotten Mango. Listen to Crime Junkie wherever you get your podcast or watch on YouTube. Check it out today.


Bad, bad. It is the 22nd day of court. Father Arun takes the bench at eight 50 in the morning. On a normal day, there's gonna be initial conversations, but within the hour, the witness is gonna be brought back onto the stand. The jurors are gonna file in take their seats this day. This Thursday is very different. After taking the bench, there's a few back and forths between the parties, the prosecutors, and the defense team. And then suddenly Judge Arun, AKA Father Arun. That's what we like to call him. He calls for a sidebar in the roving room. This is a little weird. So the roving room is like a little side office. The door is right by the judge's bench in the left far side corner of the courtroom.


It's like right at the very front next to his bench. Normally he'll call for a sidebar and that's when the jurors are in the room. So the jurors are sitting, they call for a sidebar, they turn on the white noise, the lead attorneys will go to the corner of the room and they'll do like a little football huddle and they'll talk. And they don't want the jurors to hear this. Usually when you get the transcript at the end of the day, however, it will have the sidebar unless it's sealed. Now the jurors are not in the room, the witness is not in the room, and he's saying, I don't want the press and the public, nobody can hear this. We need to go into the roving room. Mm. Does that mean that there's no transcript of it either?


It's gonna be sealed. Oh, there's about like, I think 35 pages that are sealed. And this all takes place in the roving room. They're in the roving room for a very long time. So Father Arun, the stenographer, the court reporter, they disappear because even if it's sealed, it still has to be on the record. Oh, now the court reporter and the Lead counsel from both sides, they disappear into the roving room. One discussion turns into two. I mean, people will come in and out. So like Maureen Comey will come in, mark Agni will go out, they'll disappear for 20 minutes and then they'll come back in and it's just like a lot of back and forth. And the whole time the public, the press, everybody's getting a little bit angsty because we've never seen this happen before.


In fact, usually when they go meet in the roving room, this happens before we even get called up into the courtroom. What does that mean? Like they talk, they talk inside of that room. Yeah. And then it'll just be on the transcript. It won't be sealed. And then you're like, oh, it says in the roving room. I see. You never really see them say, Hey, let's go to the roving room right now. So this is like the first time. Yeah. Wow. And they're gone for a long time, just back and forth, back and forth. Like how long? And I mean, it was over an hour. Wow. And everybody's just sitting there like, this has never happened before. And everybody seems stressed. Everybody is trying to read people's facial expressions, trying to read the body language of the prosecutors trying to read the body language of the defense team.


And it's just so confusing because we have no idea what's happening. And you also wanna know who's in trouble. Like that's usually the first thing in the press. Pew's mind one side has got to be in trouble, or one side is losing an argument or it's very contentious fight. Now, at one point, however, Maureen Comey, the lead prosecutor, she exits the roving room and she's got a small smile on her face and she looks at her team of prosecutors and she just shrugs her shoulders. Like, I don't know what they're fighting about in there. I don't know what's going on. Crazy. Is that, is that like her usual attitude all the time? Like just, Yeah, I mean she is, she's getting progressively a little more stern.


I mean, she's always been very stern with how she feels, but it, she seems to be maybe one of the very few people where it seems like the house is on fire and she'll just walk out there shrugging. She seems like the most chill out of all of them. Wow. So, okay. Maybe it seems like there's nothing to worry about. The same cannot be said for the defense when Mark Agni comes out at around 10 in the morning. So we're about like an hour into the robing room meeting. Again, the jury nor the witness or there. So the actual testimony, the actual court date has yet to start. And Mark Magnio, here's the thing about the defense team Men, mark Magnio, Brian Steele. The minute that they are stressed, their faces are red.


I mean, I guess there's no makeup to hide it either. So like you just see it on their face and sometimes the redness will come down to their neck. Wow. So like they can try to poke, face it, but their face gives it away. His face is red and you can just read him like a book. His browser knitted together and he stands now facing towards us, right in front of Sean Combs, who's still sitting at the defense table. So he's been sitting there with us for like a an hour mark is on the other side facing, he's standing. Sean Combs is sitting, and it feels like the entire defense team, they fall into formation like soldiers at attention. They make a human force field huddle around Sean Combs.


Every single other defense attorney is standing behind Sean Combs in a curve so that none of the press pews, none of the public can really see what's going on. And Mark is standing facing us. So we can see Mark. And he is explaining to Sean Combs probably what they're talking about in there. And it seems okay, at first we didn't really know why this huddle is happening. It just felt like, is this like a pep talk? Are they gonna do like one of those, like football sports, team pep talks, what's happening? But then we see a little bit of Mark Agnis face and he seems, he seems stressed and he's like kind of waving his hands. And at one point we are trying to lip read and all we can read we think we don't know is he's saying, I don't know.


I don't know. That's what it looks like. Huh? I don't know. I don't know. And then from the crack and like the little angle of our seat, because all the press pews were like doing this. Okay. And we're all like, did you see that? Did you see that? Because you can see Sean Combs beyond livid. He has never dropped any sort of like, he'll be nodding at jurors like we've talked about everything that he's been doing. He'll be talking to sketch artists, he'll be mouthing stuff to the public and the press ps. But we have never seen him this pissed off before. What? What's his like body language For He's looking at the attorneys and all we see is his right hand in the air going like, like he's like Waving it Saying something with a lot of passion.


Mm. Like what is happening? Like that kind of vibe. And then it seems like Mark Ag Nelo is like, I don't know. I don't know. And it just felt like we were seeing something that we weren't supposed to be seeing because what's happening inside of this huddle and Sean Combs seems like he's just progressively getting angrier all Thursday morning. Like we've never seen him move that quickly. It's fast. It's like he's swatting the air. I mean, he's rapidly talking, his lips are like shooting off whatever he's saying. He just seems so pissed off. And Mark Agni flow's face is just getting redder and rudder. And so they huddle for a really long time. And the press pews, we start getting word of things.


Okay. There's like waves of rumors usually. Like the rumors will come and go on the press pews, it's not, there's not that many rumors to go around. But this Thursday morning, I don't even know how it's, it's like telephone literally. We're just all like, wait, what's going on? You ask the person next to you and they're like, okay. So we heard, and I don't know if this is true, but somebody on Sean Combs like family or friend's side potentially reached out to a witness, which would be really bad. And this is a rumor. This is completely a rumor. I mean, I would imagine if this were true, we would have heard about it by now. Okay. But they're just saying, I don't know, that's what that person said. This is like while, while this is happening, like yeah, they're hu huddling. Okay.


And the press pews are just trying to figure out, and I don't even know how this rumor started. I don't know who started it. I don't know if know if it was valid, if it's not valid. I imagine, again, if this were true, we would've heard about it by now because that would be a very big deal. But it's just like, we don't know. We don't know. That's what, that's what they said. And then they're like, I don't know. That's what she said. That's what he said. And then it's like, okay, the rumor kind of dies down because we're like, what are the odds of that? And then another rumor comes through, okay, so we heard that Kanye West is trying to get in and we're like, wait, what? What do you mean he's trying to get in? But that doesn't make sense because if he's trying to get in, why would did he be so upset about it? Like why would it cause an hour in the roving room? And then why would it cause him to be so passionately angry? And then also there's so many other questions like, why the hell is Kanye here?


Because sure, we can simply say that Kanye is trying to get into the courthouse to support Diddy a friend, but it seems a lot deeper, perhaps even a lot darker than that with a lot of people starting to speculate what's because he's next that he's going to be the next one that the feds take down. After Diddy, We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the New York Immigration Coalition.


They're an umbrella policy and advocacy organization that represents over 200 immigrant and refugee rights groups throughout New York. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. Now, some of the quotes and statements have been shortened, combined and condensed for brevity. Any and all observations in the courtroom were made by either my researchers or myself in real time. However, please understand that these are just our own personal experiences. There are many people in the courtroom that might have had different experiences, different thoughts, different opinions. A few content disclaimers before we get started. Today's episode includes brief mentions of dv, physical and essay childhood essay trafficking.


And additionally, there are discussions surrounding topics like racism, antisemitism, and hate speech. So please watch with caution, take breaks if you need to. And a few disclaimers about Diddy and Kanye, the people involved in today's episode. I mean, as we both know, Kanye has not been indicted for any crimes. He has not been arrested, he has not been charged with any crimes. There are a few active civil law lawsuits against him, but as of right now, those are just allegations at this point. Sean Combs as well. He has been charged. This is a trafficking trial, racketeering Rico trial. However, he has not been convicted yet. So everyone is innocent until proven guilty. And in the most recent years, as some of you may know, Kanye has become incredibly anti-Semitic, which is never okay.


He has made so many public tirades involving antisemitism and hate speech. He genuinely has said things that are unfathomable to like come out of somebody's mind, let alone someone with that massive of a platform. I mean, Kanye's lore is almost as deep as Sean Combs as Laura, and we would need 10 hours, a four part series to even truly cover and report on it all. So for the purpose of this episode, we are specifically focusing on Kanye's actions. A few good, mostly bad, that relate to Kanye's involvement in Diddy's trial. So I wanna be super clear that we are not intentionally ignoring these moments, nor are we trying to somehow minimize them by not including them.


It's just it would take so long to go through every hateful thing that he's ever said about any group of people. So with that being said, let's get started. 2024 is a very, very bad year with Sean Combs. I mean, that much is clear. He's not having a good time last year, but it's also a very, very bad year for somebody else in the music industry, Kanye West. And interestingly enough, a lot of people think it's not a coincidence that Sean Combs is having a bad 2024 and Kanye West is having a bad 2024. It's all connected. And maybe Sean Combs is living on a faster timeline. That's what people are speculating, that maybe Kanye West his trajectory is gonna look oddly similar.


So we're gonna skip January of 2024, but keep this in mind because something big happens in January of 2024 that involves both of the rappers. But skipping January for right now and going straight into February of 2024, Kanye drops a new song. So at this point, February, Cassie has dropped her lawsuit four months ago, November of 2023. There has been no raids on Diddy's house. He hasn't been arrested. He's a free man. There's just been a lot of media controversy over her Cassie's lawsuit. All we know is that she settled and that's about it. Everyone's wondering what's gonna happen next. Is he just gonna like wait for a comeback? We don't know. February of 2024, Kanye drops a new song called Carnival, which did end up peaking on the billboard Hot 100 at the number one spot, which is kind of insane considering nobody thought Kanye could ever make a musical comeback after all the insane stuff that he's been saying online for like the past two years.


A lot of people argue online that the song itself sounds good, but when you sit there and you listen to the lyrics, they're like, suddenly it's not so good. Okay, so first off, the first few lines on the song, there's one part that reads pull up in the trenches like Columbine, a reference to the school. However, that lyric is not wrapped by Kanye. But nevertheless, in another verse, Kanye does indeed rap. Anybody pissed off? Gotta make him drink the urine. Now I am. Yay Kelly. In reference to r Kelly, now I'm Bill Cosby. Now I'm Puff Daddy Rich. That's me too.


Rich side note. Wow. Yeah. By this point, like I said, all we know is that Cassie sued Combs and settled a day later. We have not seen the CNN video Combs as homes have yet to be raided. He has yet to be arrested. So it's an interesting mix to put those three people together in a song are Kelly, bill Cosby, and Puff Daddy. Now all three men have been accused of crimes. He also wraps. This is for what they did to Chris. They can't do with this. It is believed that he's referring to Chris Brown for getting blackballed in the music industry after he physically assaulted Rihanna. Wow. So another reference that is not necessarily the most, I mean, look, I don't even know what these lyrics mean, but it doesn't appear to be great connections that he's drawing here.


Like those are not people that you wanna be connected to. Yeah. He also names dropped Taylor Swift, which this carnival song, it has everybody mad for different reasons. So some people are pissed off because they're like, why are you bringing up Chris Brown and Rihanna? Some people are like, leave Rihanna alone. Other people are mad. 'cause they're like, why are you namedropping Taylor Swift? Like her fans are like, leave her alone, please. Why? Oh, Maybe Diddy's name wasn't even like a main talking point for People. Yeah, I mean it was a little bit, but it seemed like more so Taylor Swift and even like the Chris Brown lyric got a little bit more heat. Yes. Now the song performed well, like really well, and a lot of people were upset. They're commenting online. So is he trying to say he's a peto?


I mean, he definitely has a creepy obsession with Taylor, that's for sure. Like why does he keep mentioning her endlessly? Another zen says, so Kanye is snitching about being a predator because everyone, he's listening as a predator to which someone responds. I seriously doubt it. I think he didn't think it through. I think he's talking about all these men's influence and fame. I mean, I understand Cosby because everybody loved him once upon a time. But Diddy, I mean everybody knew Diddy had dirt with another one commenting intensely. He already said he knows that his me too is on the way. He said, me too rich. So when he and his slave are done and they're referring to Bianca sin his wife, she will do exactly what Cassie did.


That's what the comment is saying, that Bianca sin is going to leave Kanye and Sue Kanye, just like Cassie sued Diddy. That's a comment. That's February of 2024. Now March 25th, 2024, both of Diddy's LA and Miami Mansions are rated by the feds where they find a lifetime supply of baby oil, astroglide and guns with their serial numbers scratched off. One month later, April 21st, 2024, Kanye drops another song. It's titled like That Remix. Now, to give you some context like that, the original song, not the Remix, is a song by future metro booming and Kendrick Lamar.


Basically this is the first disc track against Drake. This is like what? Allegedly start off the whole feud that ended up with not like us. Mm. This dropped in March, so like a month prior, but now in April, Kanye drops like that remix. Now the notable lyric as it pertains to Diddy is quote, can't stop, won't stop. I just, your Sean John Tank top, which is Combs clothing brand, Sean John, that's actually his first and middle name. Wasn't Can't stop, won't stop. Like a slogan for the employees or something like that. Okay. So a few things can stop, won't stop. There is a song that Kid Cudi has where he says, can't Stop, won't stop 20 times in the song.


So I don't know if that's like a slogan that he really liked. And then later, one of Diddy's personal assistants testified and he said during his interview with Diddy, he said, why should you hire me? Because I can't stop, won't stop. And Diddy was like, I like that. And then he got hired. So this is a very interesting reference. I mean, I guess it's a commonly kind of commonly used phrase. Yeah, yeah. But it's still, everything's connected, it appears. Yeah. And he says, I just fucked your a Sean John Tank top, which is his clothing brand. So there's that. This releases a month after Sean Combs homes are rated. I mean, I feel like you could have easily taken that out, replaced it, or at least did what Kesha did.


Kesha had a song that said Wake up in the morning feeling like P Diddy, which she now changed it to wake up in the morning feeling like P Diddy. But no, he just like keeps it in, which appears intentional. Now Kanye doesn't really talk too, too much about it. He just says about the song that he was really excited about it because quote, everybody was very, very energized about the elimination of Drake. You know, everybody was very, very excited about the elimination of Drake. Yeah. People thought it was weird because he really wanted to get in on this like dispute. And everyone's like, remember how Kanye tried to be a part of the fight and everybody just ignored him. So that's pretty much what came of that.


Now, the next month, May, 2024 CNN releases the Intercontinental Hotel video of Diddy physically assaulting Cassie. One month later, June of 2024. Now by this point, there are around 70 civil lawsuits filed against Sean Combs. Whoa. Prior to his arrest. Right? Okay. So that was the time. That's Like boom, boom, boom. Everything's dropping at once. Now there is now one high profile lawsuit filed against Kanye West June of 2024. A woman named Lauren Pisata files a lawsuit against Kanye West, and this lawsuit will later be amended to involve Sean Combs.


So at first, she's just going over the lawsuit. Lauren alleges that she's been in the entertainment industry for the past 15 years. So she's run into Kanye before now. One day Kanye approaches her and asks her, do you wanna work as my personal assistant? Which is like, I guess a cool job offer. But he also agrees to pay her a million dollars a year, which is insane. Well, what? So with that, Kanye is like, but the thing is, Lauren, you gotta be, I mean, Lauren alleges, right? But the thing is, you gotta gotta be available, quote 24 7, like a super personal assistant, Lauren states, by this point in her career, she had her own social media following. She even had an OF page, which she states Kanye knew about and was completely okay with it. Actually, on the contrary, she alleges that sometimes at work Kanye would brag to his friends that my personal assistant is quote, an OnlyFans superstar.


But in 2022, that all changes according to the lawsuit. Kanye tells Lauren to delete her OnlyFans because he wants her to be quote Godlike. He even offers to pay her a million dollars to delete it. How long has she been with him since then? A few years. Okay. I believe when she deletes her OnlyFans, which she's making like a million dollars a year from it, Kanye never pays her. And that's when Kanye starts sending her these allegedly unwanted unprompted, non-consensual, offensive text messages and videos. So one example listed in the lawsuit, the text from Kanye to Lauren, again, this is his personal assistant. This is him, his employee.


He's also married to Bianca Uri. I don't think at this point he was, but he will eventually be married to her as this progresses. Mm. Now he would text her workers always got the best pee. It's their business best. I don't know if he's trying to say that she has like the best private part. Oh, oh, oh. Another text message reads, one time I took a Viagra and a list celebrity for three hours. Not sure why that thought came to me. He's just like texting her this and she's like, I don't, why do I need to know this? I don't wanna know this. Hmm. Another text says, I'm going to a living dog out of this, off the honey.


All her friends gonna need to find out where every that with me in love. Well, first of all, like it doesn't really make the most sense. And second of all, he is sending this to his personal assistant. Then another text message Lauren alleges in her lawsuit that was sent to her reads, I have a serious question. Be honest with me. Is my dick racist? Is it this racist dick of mine? I'm going to beat this racist dick for being racist. I'm gonna stare at pictures of white women with black asses and beat the outta my racist dick. This racist dick needs to be beaten till it can't be racist no more. Also, disturbingly, he texts her hug please.


And she says that he was absolutely, she alleges he was absolutely one of those people that would ask for creepy hugs unprompted by all people now, but it, it exponentially gets worse if all of Lauren's allegations are true because he proceeds to allegedly send her a video of him having intimate relations with a model and then sends this meme to clarify what he means by a hug. It's not a regular hug, it's a meme of a black man and a naked white woman hugging naked. Wait, he sends a video, He sends a video of him having intimate relations with a model, and then he's like, oh yeah, by the way, this is what I mean by wanting a hug. And it's like a naked black man, a naked white woman, and they're hugging and it's very clear that they're having intimate relations.


Okay? And he's like, I need a hug. What? Yeah. And so he's saying that's what he wants when he says he needs a hug. He also proceeds to send another video of himself receiving oral activities from a model. And then he proceeds to ask Lauren If he should edit the video because he wants to make sure that his private parts look large enough. In another alleged text message, he sends her a video of him himself having intimate relations with a Yeezy employee. And then he asks her What you think of this vid? Then he sends a cropped version of that video. So it's the same video, but he is just cropped it. And then he texts her, I edited LOL. He later allegedly explains to Lauren that his private parts did not appear big enough for him to send this video to his friends, which also makes you question if this is true, who is he sending these videos to?


Like what friends are receiving these videos? Yeah. And do these women know that these videos are being sent Now, allegedly. He also sends her another text message, and it's actually a screenshot of a text message. So imagine a and B are texting screenshot, and then A sends it to C. Lauren is CA is Kanye. Now allegedly, Kanye had texted Bianca sin his now wife. I came so hard. I love seeing your reaction while we, I wanna your mom before she leaves. Then another message from Kanye to allegedly, Bianca, I want you to watch me, your mom. Anyway, he screenshots all of this and allegedly sends it to Lauren.


Now, Lauren alleges a lot more detailed incidents in her lawsuit that Kanye was asking her to participate in three people activities. Another moment Lauren alleges, Kanye and Bianca sensor called her because they wanted to talk to her in great detail, allegedly about the five person activity that they just participated in the day prior. Sometimes Kanye would call her and she claims that he would be self pleasuring while talking to her, and he would constantly ask her over the phone, can you hear what I'm doing? Can you guess what I'm doing? What do you think I'm doing right now? Wow. Now in relation to the Sean Combs case, there's a few points in Lauren's lawsuit.


A lot of people are talking, taking a closer look at now. One part of the lawsuit, Lauren alleges Kanye would send her text messages about his intimate life that first of all, she didn't really wanna know anything about at all, but he would also write things like quote. See, my problem is I'd be wanting to, but then after I, I want a girl to tell me how hard they've been while I'm them. Then I want her to cheat on me and go get with a bigger dick than mine and come back and tell me the story. Then I want her to suck my dick with her best friend, or option B, suck my dick with a bad I'm already, I then made her tell me how hard she'd been while I was her.


Then went and somebody else with a bigger dick behind my back and told me while I was her Now, ain't that In another message, he gets to the point a lot quicker and he texts her again without her consent. She's his employee and it's alleged, but still, he texts, allegedly. I love when get the outta them and tell me about it while I them, A lot of people have pointed out that it sounds like a similar cocky kink that Sean Combs has. So there's that.


Getting dressed every morning shouldn't feel like taking a test you didn't study for, especially when we've been going to the courthouse so often, I feel like that's the last thing on my mind. I'm so busy with so many other things, and I always think, what if you had your own personal stylist who actually gets your style, knows what fits your body perfectly and works within your budget. Meet Stitch Fix personal styling that actually feels personal. Get paired with your Stitch Fix stylist who knows your vibe, your fit, your budget, plus you can upgrade your summer wardrobe without trying things on in a sweaty, changing room switch. Stitch Fix is like having that best friend with impeccable taste, handpick your entire wardrobe without dragging you through endless stores. Your Stitch Fix stylist does not just follow random trends. They send you pieces that make you feel like the absolute best version of yourself. And here is the best part. Your handpicked pieces show right up to your doorstep. You can try them on with other clothes, other shoes, order boxes whenever you want them, however you want them. No subscription stress, no pressure. Keep what makes you feel amazing and send back what doesn't. Stylish, stress free and always there when you need it most because looking incredible should be the easiest part of your day. Personal styling for everyone, get started today@stitchfix.com slash rotten. That's stitch fix.com/rotten.


I love a good seltzer water, but sometimes they just do not hit like the soda does yet. Whenever I go for a soda, I instantly get a sugar crush and it leaves my teeth feeling like there's this, oh, I really hate this, like the sugar film on the teeth. Thankfully, I was introduced to Ali Pop. They have reimagined soda by combining the great taste that you love with better for you ingredients. And it just always hits the spot when Seltzer water just does not cut it. Honestly. I bypass seltzer water and I go straight to op. Op has less than five grams of sugar per can. And with nine grams of prebiotic fiber per can, you can help support your digestive health. With each sip. Tap into nostalgia with flavors that genuinely taste like soda, like Vintage Cola Classic Group beer. Do you love Dr. Pepper? Try the Dr. Goodwin. So good. I never crash with OP and it always satisfies that soda craving. Plus their flavors are even more diverse than the brand soda's normally available. My favorite is the strawberry vanilla, but their classic ginger ale is a close runner up. Oh, they have like a peaches and cream one recently. They've been obsessed. OP is available in almost 50,000 retailers nationwide, including Costco and Whole Foods, and is also available on Amazon. And buy any two cans of OP in any retailer and OP will pay you back for one. Visit drink op.com/rotten to get your free can. That's drink op.com/rotten.


Summer is here. More sun, more light, more time to do all the things that make Summer so special. And the number one thing that you don't wanna be doing all summer is spending hours cooking inside. And especially if you're working all summer like I am and going to work and in and out, spending hours cooking inside, it drains you. That is where Factor comes in. Factor's Chef created full cooked meals already in just two minutes, taking the hassle out of eating well with nutritious breakfast on the Go Lunches, premium dinners and guilt-free snacks and desserts factor powers your day sun up to sundown. I mean, this trial has been keeping everyone on the team incredibly busy. Honestly, there would be no way that we would even survive this trial if we didn't have factor. Fast food gets unappetizing. We feel sluggish, we feel a crash and take out a New York City is a whole different beast. It's expensive, but Factor allows us to eat delicious food ready in minutes without taking out the price and no sacrifices for our health. It feels like we're at home. Every single factor box is ready made and dietician approved. Get started@factormeals.com slash rotten 50 off and use code rotten 50 off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. That's rotten 50 off at factor meals.com/rotten 50 off for 50% off, plus free shipping factor meals.com/rotten 50. Off


Further alleged in the lawsuit, Lauren states that Kanye sent her a 33 second video of a model that he was just having intimate relations with. And now this model is having intimate relations with an unidentified man that is not Kanye. Lauren further alleges in her lawsuit that she never wanted to see any of this. She wanted to just be professional. However, Kanye would have her do all sorts of weird things like he would want her to go get this very specific honey that's used to enhance his male performance during intimate relations. She states that Kanye would make sure that she always had the honey on her person and whenever he needed it, she would have to deliver it to him. This honey connection is intriguing because the same honey has been mentioned a few times throughout Sean Combs trial.


An assistant testified that he really liked having his vital honey around to help him keep up his intimate performance. Really, It's the same product. Yes. Now I will say it does seem to be like a thing, mm, that people think it's like a home remedy to help with performance like a aphrodisiac, I guess. So it's not just unique to them, but with all the other overlapping coincidences and connections between Kanye and Sean Combs intimate life. It's interesting. Yeah. Now this is in June of 2024. A few months later, she will amend this lawsuit, and interestingly enough, Lauren will actually name Sean Combs in the new amended lawsuit.


A new amended part of the lawsuit reads that Lauren alleges that she was in the studio with Kanye and Sean Combs where drinks were served. Lauren drinks it and the lawsuit alleges that unbeknownst to the plaintiff, the drinks she was served was laced with an unidentified drug. After a few small sips of the beverage, she suddenly started to feel disoriented. She alleges that she starts losing control over her body, her speech. She does not remember anything else from that night, which there were a lot of people that felt initially a little suspicious about it. They said, oh, it's intriguing that she would amend the lawsuit a month after Sean Combs arrest. It just feels convenient. It feels like, oh, you know what? Two birds, one stone.


That's what some people on the internet were alleging. However, if you really dive deep into it, that doesn't seem to be the case at all. Because after Lauren's initial lawsuit in June, way before Sean Combs gets arrested, a woman by the name of Nikki Heaton takes to Instagram Live. Now, Nikki Heaton was like a huge musician back then. Like she blew up, she had a crazy viral song, and then she just disappeared. Mm. She like disappeared from the music industry. She goes on Instagram live and she says, I was actually there that day at this party. Yeah. So she's talking about this before Lauren like details it in the amended lawsuit. But she says that she was actually Lauren's client.


Lauren was a manager for Nikki's music career when this is before Nikki fell out of music. And this is before Lauren was hired as Kanye's personal assistant, like long before. Now, she says, I was never actually gonna tell this story ever. I was gonna go to my grave with this because in my perspective it's like, what's the point? Who would believe me? What good would it do? I don't have proof, I'm not gonna file anything. But because of recent events and things that have come out quite recently, I felt the need to come on here. And you know, my old manager, Lauren, has kind of been the whistleblower on the shit that he is done. I'm very proud of her. Like I'm very, very proud of her. Nikki says, initially she wasn't gonna see any, she wasn't gonna say anything until she went to all the comments of people talking about Lauren's lawsuit against Kanye West.


And people were calling Lauren a liar. And she's saying that none of this is true. Lauren is trying to get money from Kanye, she's trying to get clout from Kanye. And Nikki says, it just made her so mad. She says, so basically I'm telling this story now because you guys know me. I don't give a fuck. I'm outta the industry. I left la, I'm in the middle of a nowhere on a farm. I'm not filing any sort of suit, so I'm not getting any money from this. And she explains that when she started blowing up in the music industry, Kanye invites her to the studio. So she goes with her manager Lauren at the time, and it's like a bunch of people there. There's like nine women there, and she says, don't shoot the messenger. But back then they were called Studio. So these are women who come to the studio dressed in club wear, and a lot of times they will leave with musicians that are in the studio.


And she says, again, that's just the terminology that was already in place. It's not something that she's using now. She says, immediately we walk in and there's something not right. So she says, I was invited as a manager or as an artist. My manager shows up, she thinks they're making music, so she's wearing double XL sweatpants and a giant hoodie. She says, I look like a slob. Kanye and Sean Combs are, they're already outta their mind just drunk, just completely drunk. She gets handed a drink, she doesn't feel good about it. So she takes like the tiniest slip and she doesn't really drink the rest. Wait, so it was a music studio? Yes. And Sean Cole, Diddy were there and nine girls, nine other girls, Diddy and Kanye were there.


Maybe that's easier. Yes. Diddy, Kanye, and nine other girls are There. Yes. Okay. As well as like a few different male executives. Okay. So there's like a lot of people there and she doesn't really drink it because she doesn't feel good about it. And she starts panicking because she looks over and Lauren, her manager, is drinking the drink. So Nikki starts freaking out because she's like, okay, I don't, I just don't feel right about the situation. Like what do I do? And she sees Lauren's face get really flush, and she starts speaking really loudly, which Nikki is like, that's not Lauren. Like Lauren is very shy, she's very socially awkward, and Nikki is like something weird is happening. So whatever it's laced with is hitting her. And then Lauren is like, I gotta go to the bathroom and just like leaves leaving Nikki to freak out.


So now she's in this room, the other girls are dismissed and it's just Kanye and Diddy and three other guys that work with them. I think one of them was like Kanye's cousin. Okay. And she says she tries to walk out, but Kanye and Diddy start approaching her and they're saying things like allegedly quote, it's hot in here. Don't you wanna take off your clothes? She alleges, so they're coming towards me and they're trying to take my clothes off. And Nikki explained she's trying to play it off, but she's freaking out. And Lauren, her manager isn't there, and she alleges quote, they're getting to the point where they have ripped my shirt off and I'm almost fully exposed at this point. They're both coming at me and I'm like, you guys, seriously? This isn't funny anymore. And she sees a guy in the corner, this is an executive that she's familiar with.


She says he's like 50 years old. This is a grown man with a family. And she's thinking, dude, I know you have a family. You know this isn't right. Do something. She says, as Kanye and Diddy allegedly tried to take her clothes off, this man just spins his chair around so that he's not looking. And she says, that's when the fear starts setting in. No one's saving me tonight. No one's gonna do anything. No one's gonna do anything. And she says they rip her shirt off, they're trying to get her pants off. And she says, thankfully, because they're so drunk, she was able to push past them and book it out of there. And she ran into an empty studio. She was crying in the dark for like 30 minutes trying to get in contact with Lauren who's not responding. And she later states, Lauren was drugged and I wasn't.


She further alleges. The other thing that really fucked me is those nine other girls who were drinking the drinks before we even got there. I know none of them got out. I know none of them got saved that night. And I'm like, did they even remember? Did they know what happened to them? That is crazy. So she posts this video on Instagram. She was on Instagram live. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Talking about it A few days after Lauren's initial lawsuit. Wow. So if all of this is true, then it's likely that Lauren didn't really recall every like in vivid detail because she does state that she doesn't really recall what happened that night after she drank the lace drinks.


Right? But it seems like Nikki telling her story, maybe put two and two together. It's just, it's strange. Now, July and August of 2024 are relatively quieter months for the two individuals, Diddy and Kanye, until September 16th, 2024 Combs, Diddy is arrested. It seems like these events in 2024, it brings them together in a way that, I don't know, maybe we weren't expecting. Maybe they were expecting it because now after Diddy's arrest, Kanye goes to war for Diddy, which is strange because yes, in 2024, both of them had bad years. Was it deserved? Probably. Perhaps. Absolutely.


You decide. But still objectively, they were having very, very bad years. And then all of a sudden Diddy gets arrested and it brings them together. And it's weird because before 2024, they didn't seem close. In fact, just recently in 2022, Kanye West went on a whole public tirade against Diddy. To give you some context, there's an interview from 2020 where Kanye does an interview with Drink Champs. And in it, he basically states, I don't got no celebrity friends because when I was on Instagram saying, I don't know where my child is and the Kardashians kidnap my daughter in public and I don't have the address to my child, none of these wanted to say something.


Now, Travis gave me the address. Travis Scott allegedly gave him the address, What address To where his kids were. Oh, oh, oh. But as far as Meek Mills, puff Daddy, whoever, none of them, them fake hard. You all, you fake hard. You, you know what I'm saying? I don't give a fuck because you can't shoot nobody anyway. And the reason why you got to talk is because you did a deal. You fed, he's calling Diddy a Fed. You know what I'm saying? Like that's what you gotta come to me because part of your deal for you to be, so he's like saying like the deal that they got away with a bunch of stuff legally is because they're a Fed. Now, The irony is crazy, huh?


Yeah. He also texts Diddy, those very choice words. Fuck you, you fed Kanye. How do we know this? We Know this because Kanye screenshots this conversation and then post it immediately on his Instagram. And all of this is because in 2022, Kanye and Diddy have a very public falling out because Kanye starts selling White Lives Matter t-shirts. Diddy allegedly reaches out to Kanye privately, he texts him and asks him, Hey, can you stop? Which promptly Kanye texts back, I didn't like our convo. I'm selling these teas. Nobody gets in between me and my money. This is my grandfather texting you. Now, never call me with no bullshit that again, unless you ready to green light me.


'cause anybody who got on that T is me out of respect for everything you've meant to me. I'll be quiet as Virgil, but now I know how I've hurt the people I love with threats. I'm so what's, what does, first of all, what does green light mean? No, we don't know what any of this means. Yeah, okay. I, yeah. It doesn't seem to be like we're missing much context. It just seems like He said, I'm texting you as my grandpa now. Yeah. Or I'm this my grandpa. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Then Kanye sends another one right next, right underneath it that says, come do something illegal to me Now please. Kanye posts his screenshot to Combs post it on Instagram with a caption.


God is love. My brother misspoke to me, but I still love him. To which God is love. Yeah. And like at that time, Diddy was calling Himself Love was oh, and he said, God is love. Yeah. What? I don't know. We're so confused. And then he posts it, and I'm assuming he posted in real time because Sean Combs immediately did he text Kanye, as soon as I land, we'll meet face to face. Send me an address. Kanye responds, fuck you, you fed in all caps. And then post that as well on Instagram with the caption, Jesus' king. Then there's another text screenshot, Kanye posts from Diddy to Kanye and Diddy says, send me an address.


Let's stop playing these internet games and don't feel threatened. You'll be fine. Just love to which Kanye responds, this ain't a game. I'm gonna use you as an example to show the Jewish people that told you to call me that no one can threaten or influence me. I told you this is war. Now go on and get you some business to which his new Instagram caption for this screenshot is Jesus is a Jew. Then another a screenshot of Diddy texting Kanye. I'm just trying to talk to you as a black man and I'm talking to you because this is hurting our people. Stop. Kanye responds. Anything you text, I will post. I love you and you guys are breaking my heart. I accept your apology in advance. He does promptly post this on Instagram too with the caption.


God is love this time in all caps. So to say that they have a contentious, strange friendship relationship is a bit of an understatement. But literally just a few months before all of this, a few months in 2022, before all of this happened, they were like best friends. Sean Combs, Diddy won the BET Lifetime Achievement Award, and Kanye is the one presenting it. Mm. He says about Diddy rather dramatically, how do we crown our kings? How do we appreciate our kings? This is my favorite artist. You see what I'm saying? Favorite artists, everything. And he broke all the rules. He broke down the doors and understood contracts in a way. A lot of us don't understood money in a way a lot of us still don't.


I go for him to advice for this day. He inspired so many of my choices, so many of my life choices, my wife choices, and here we are. Thank you for that puff. Any of us in this room, if Puff ever need us, we need to jump up and be there. Wild. He say, if pot needs us, we need to jump up and be there. Yeah. And then a few Months and nobody showed up. No. A few months later he crashes out, calls Sean Combs a fricking fed. But perhaps they just have a volatile relationship, which I mean I don't think would be different from any other relationship. Sean Combs seems to have, they all seem to be rather volatile. Now, three years after calling Diddy a Fed Kanye will show up to the Manhattan Federal Courthouse to support Diddy.


And his timing is so strange. But I first, I need to catch you up to speed of what happens after Diddy's arrest to the point of Kanye showing up to the Manhattan Courthouse. Yeah. Because it's, it's strange, but it's not necessarily like the most surprising thing because I mean, if you just look at it, you're like, oh, he called Kanye a Fed. But then when you deep dive into the lore, as much as 2024 was a bad year for both of them, 2025 was also very strange. Sean Combs is sitting in prison February of 2025. So this is three months until the Combs trial kicks off. Kanye states on Twitter that he's going to be selling Sean John merch and that he is going to be splitting the profits 50 50 with Sean Combs with Diddy, and it's just like red, blue, and white shirts that read Sean John.


And like most things Kanye has been doing recently, literally not a single person asked for any of this. Each shirt was going to be $30. They were up on his easy website. It's not available anymore, thank God. But a bunch of s were just so grossed out, commenting, hello nurse. Another one has escaped. Others are commenting, when will everyone realize that this man is not a good person? It's crazy how he does all this nasty stuff and no one says anything about it, but imagine if a woman did it, everyone would be so pissed. Do you wonder how many people actually buy that? Like Sean John? Yeah. Shirt in 2025. I feel like a lot of people probably did. That's insane.


Like yeah, what Some people said, actually you got it incorrectly. And they just posted their idea of Sean John Merch, which just includes orange prison jumpsuits, to which somebody clearly is using Diddy's Instagram because they repost it. So they've since deleted it. But Diddy's official Instagram page did post the collaboration and it was captioned. Thank you to my brother at yay. Yeah. Okay. It was deleted. Kanye also went on to X Twitter X, right to write. I just found out that Puff is not allowed to make or collect money while he's locked up. So I'm gonna send is half of the money to Justin. Justin as in Justin Combs, his firstborn child.


Justin Combs also posted the Sean John collab to his Instagram, which was now deleted. The post was, so that's February of 2025. That same month Kanye goes on to tweet at Donald Trump, please free my brother Puff. So there's that. And then there's another merch drop. And this one is, okay, so remember the CNN hotel footage of Sean Combs? Diddy assaulting Cassie. Yes. In that video, Cassie is wearing a hoodie. It's a black hoodie with four M in the back that are connected. This hoodie is actually from Kanye's album merch from 2015. Oh, okay. So you know, she was wearing it around that time, but it's from his album that's called, so Help Me God.


And according to Kanye fans, he would mainly sell this hoodie at his shows during that time. Like you can't really buy it anytime now. And it's, if you're like a die hard Kanye fan, this is like one of the hoodies that you really foam at the mouth for. Like you really want this hoodie. Mm. Allegedly he even had it tattooed on himself, like the logo of the four M connected tattooed on his body at one point, though, I believe it's either covered up or removed at this point. And apparently a lot of fans really wanna get their hands on this hoodie. And then 2025 Kanye tweets, the love hoodie is available now and it's that hoodie from, so help me God.


But here's, here's the weird thing, why is he calling it the love hoodie? And when he posts this on Twitter, he posts two pictures for this merch drop. One of them is of the hoodie, and the second one is a screenshot. No of the CNN Hotel assault video. No, that is fucking crazy. Yeah. Where Diddy is standing in a hotel like in a towel in the hotel hallway approaching Cassie. Cassie is bent over grabbing her purse, and on the back of her hoodie you can see the emblem. Wow. So this hoodie was originally coveted by OG fans. Like I said, who knew of the album Also, another side Lo is that album was scrapped.


So more coveted because it's like, okay, it didn't even like fully come into fruition and it feels like a discontinued something. Like it feels very niche. And a lot of people are commenting like, I wanted this for the longest time. Why the fuck did it have to come out under these circumstances? Others are saying, literally, I told my friend I wanted this a couple months back and now I can never purchase something like this because of this reason. Others are saying, I mean, I was kind of excited until I realized why he's dropping this. Why is he human scum? Then March 15th, 2025, so this is two months before the trial kicks off. It does indeed get worse. Kanye releases yet another song.


This one is titled, lonely Roads Still Go to Sunshine featuring his own daughter Northwest, but also Diddy and Diddy's son, Christian Combs. Now by the way, Northwest is just 11 years old at this point. Nothing in this song is particularly vulgar. However, it's questionable because both Diddy and Christian Combs are facing essay allegations. Combs is literally on trial for sex trafficking. Christian has a lawsuit, which it's unclear if it's been settled, but to even, why bring your 11-year-old daughter into this? Also, the fact that the whole world is looking at Diddy not in a positive light. At the very least, he's a known abuser. He's violent and he wants his daughter to be in a song with him.


It doesn't make sense, like would it not be in a father's best interest to make sure that their child is not around the influence of these types of people. Additionally, Kanye is planning on hanging out with the Tate brothers after recording this song while he's with Northwest. It's alleged that Kim Kardashian had to pull a bunch of strings to pick up Northwest to make sure that she did not run into the Tate brothers, but also Kanye accuses Kim of being a sex trafficker. So it's like all sorts of messiness. Which side note, if you're wondering how Diddy was featured on the song, it's a jail call that he had with Kanye, that Kanye recorded, and it's like the intro. So remember how back then people would put voicemails into their intro? Yeah, well, he's doing that in 2025.


But make it MDC, correctional facility in Christian Combs versus Reed. Money, power, respect. Still the key to life. Again, against the darkness. I can see the light. Look in the mirror, have visions of sane puff about willpower. Caramel colored skin came from God. That's the real power. We ain't had our kingdom, we built ours, built different, walked different, feel different. Put the whole world against me. I'm gonna keep the same face. I wanted all the real love, the vacate, the headline's gonna still say Vacate the throne young. I'm home. Still fly like D-I-D-D-Y.


Close your eyes. You don't wanna see me fly. I can't wait to see their face when we collide. Northwest lines include doing everything I wanted. That's the key to life surrounded by fake friends. I don't even like when you see me shining, then you see the light, everything They know it ain't even right. Okay. Goodnight. A lot of ants, again, they don't think that the lyrics themselves are particularly vulgar, but it's just very disappointing with people writing a, aligning his own daughter with his Diddy crusade is just pure, unfiltered, nasty work, genuinely just dark. Another one reads removing the implications from the song. The song itself is still barren, just rapping, robotic singing and Combs and Kanye groaning down a phone to each other.


Another one just reads, king Combs might be the worst rapper ever. Another medicine theorizes. I bet Diddy has a tape of ye doing something horrible or unspeakable because no way Ye is gonna do a dis track on Drake for being a PDF file and then turn around and do a song with Puffy March 17th. So a few days after. So again, two months before the trial, the jailhouse call between Sean Combs, Diddy, and Kanye gets leaked by the Shade Room. I mean, Kanye recorded it, but Shade Room broke it. I guess. What's shade on news thing? Yeah. And so it's just Diddy trying to motivate Kanye. He's like, I'm gonna tell you the real from the front line. It's wicked, wicked, wicked. So you be careful.


We need you out there. You feel me? He's like encouraging Kanye to get back in the studio. He says, when I get out I need to see you performing. And I'm like, sir, you're facing life. I don't know if you're gonna get out, but I digress. We don't know right now. Sean Combs tells Kanye to get back in the studio, have fun, do all of these things. And he's like, we gotta keep the frequency high. Like the energy high. He's just like motivating Kanye while Kanye is just responding like, yes sir. To which someone comments online, humans are amazing. The ability to uplift someone when you're clearly going through your own personal struggle is the ultimate level of humanity. Others agree, but not in the same way they state.


Great message Devilish Messenger. Another one writes the amount of people in this comment section that's praising Diddy is the reason why he never got caught before. Now because he's quote such a good guy for saying one thing. Motivational, shaking my head, Jesus Christ. Another one reads, listening to Diddy about having fun is the last piece of advice I would take respectfully. Another one just reads, we seriously do not give a fuck. Literally. Then almost immediately after some medicines start saying that Kanye had put the K in K, k, k, which is absolutely unhinged. And I was like, what does that even mean? And then you see that he does an interview where he is wearing a custom leather black KKK rope. He also mentions he has a white version like with the hood and everything.


And before he changes into that, he was wearing a Sean John shirt, what is going on? He changes into the leather outfit and he tells the person interviewing him. You know, the funny thing is, I really wanted to wear it yesterday, but I thought that they would put me in the hospital in this outfit. Like they would put me in the hospital for my outfit like he's trying to express. That's crazy that that's how the world works. And I don't know, people are just trying to express, it's actually not that crazy. He also goes on to say about Kim Kardashian. So this white woman and this white family have the control of these highly influential black kids that are half of the children of ye. So he's saying is because Kim Kardashian and her family have control over their children, that's just in everybody's face.


And like they was playing in my face like that. He also alleges that powerful people were behind CNN's release of the hotel video of Sean Combs assaulting Cassie. He starts connecting it with him and Adidas having a falling out. And he says that Adidas is, he alleges that Adidas did everything in their power to take him down after they're falling out. He's basically saying that the people who run these massive corporations, it's like a different level of power and like it's a different level of games. And some people actually do believe in this conspiracy. Sean Combs, Diddy sued massive alcohol brand.


This is like a huge company. I mean you think Diddy's Rich, he's not rich compared to this company. They they own a lot of the major alcohol brands. It's called Diageo. That's the brand. They own Ciroc, they own Deion tequila with Diddy. I think they bought George Clooney's tequila brand. They own I think Johnny Walker. I mean they own, they got their hands all over the alcohol industry. He sues them for racism and they settle. He gets a huge pay date, like $200 million. Diddy does. And it seems like a lot of people are saying that Diageo didn't like that because they paid Diddy like nearly a billion dollars throughout their Ciroc partnership. And for him to turn around and accuse them of racism, whether it be true or not, I guess to them it pissed them off is what is being alleged.


And so it seems like the allegation is maybe they had connections with the feds and we're like, maybe you should look into this guy. Maybe they had connections with the CNN release of the hotel footage. These are like crazy conspiracies. But it still doesn't negate the fact that there is a hotel footage of him assaulting Cassie. Like it doesn't really matter who released it. I think. I mean the fact that that video happened, it doesn't matter. It, it's how it's released. He still decided to assault Cassie. Yeah, Kanye alleges they pulled out a video with him and Cassie from 10 years ago and then it made everyone be like, oh, well Puff's a woman beater, so he's the devil. He needs to be in jail, right?


And I'm like, right. But he continues and he says, meanwhile, I don't know somebody who hasn't gotten into an altercation with their girl at one point. He'll yeah, He just, no, but he rat himself out. Like He starts ratting out other people too. He says, so you got these three, watch this. You got Cardi, Playboy, Cardi, I think he's saying Puffy Kendrick. He's insinuating that all three of them are quote woman beaters. I, I don't know. I don't know. I'm not like deep into Playboy Cardi or Kendrick's lore. I don't think that, I mean I I imagine if there was proof we would've, I would know about it. Like everyone would be talking about it, right? So I don't know.


I don't know. But he says they are women beaters and then he says, then you got the two pedophiles, Drake and r Kelly. So Puffy and r Kelly are in jail. This is what Kanye is saying with Drake five years from now or however long, when they feel like they really wanna get that boy up and outta here, they're gonna play the Kendrick song. So he's alleging that in like five years or so, whenever the executives of these massive companies are over these people, they're just gonna release information and get them in trouble. He continues. So that's how far they going. The Kendrick mix with Universal, all that take down of Drake reminds me of the No Diddy campaign for Diddy.


They go in all out. Yeah. Then after, immediately a month after just one month before the trial for Sean Combs kicks off, Kanye releases another song, I mean unrelated I hope, but it's titled Cousins. He posted on X and he says, this song is called Cousins about my cousin that's locked up in jail for life, for killing a pregnant lady. A few years after I told him that we wouldn't look at dirty magazines together anymore, perhaps in my self-centered mess. I felt it was my fault that I showed him those dirty magazines when he was six. And then we acted out what we saw. My dad had Playboy magazines, but the magazines I found in the top of my mom's closet were different.


My name is Yay and I sucked my cousin's Dick until I was 14. What? The song itself is as bad as you can imagine, the lyrics read Hanging with my cousin, reading Dirty magazines. We seem to kissing, we ain't know what that means. Then we start reenacting everything we had seen. That's when I gave my cousin head to which one Top net is in common. Just reads what a horrible day to know how to read. Another one reads, all right, so I hate having a phone now. Then the same right at the start of Diddy's trial. Same month, may of 2025.


So last month, Kanye, he doesn't really release it, it the album is leaked on Discord. This is allegedly Kanye's newest album that he's been working on. A few notable titles for tracks Read Diddy Free, Cosby Free My Kids, and then I mean a ton of super heinous titles unrelated to this case. Like just really? Yeah. But the title of the album is called K Wow. And apparently he was going to spell it C-U-K-K-K. So that's interesting. I don't know what the coincidences there, but he has since taken to Twitter to say that he may change the album name to a perfect world, which is also still weird.


But what does that have to do with him showing up to support Diddy during his trial and the timing of him coming to the courthouse is all very strange.


Mystery night. Anyone guess who is bringing the party? Stella Rosa Wines with Stella Rosa. Everyone can enjoy a drink together. Drinkers can enjoy Stella Rosa Black. They're so good by the way. While non-drinkers can live their best life with a non-alcoholic peach, Stella Rosa is my favorite hosting go-to. It is always just right. It's not overly sweet. It's made with natural ingredients and under a hundred calories a glass. Seriously, it's that good. Chill Vibes. Mysteries. And Stella Rosa equals a perfect night in Grab a bottle. Today must be 21 plus please celebrate Responsibly.


The greatest mysteries can sometimes be extraordinary. I mean something that you don't or even least suspect. Sometimes the greatest mysteries can be a little out of the box or in this case, inside of the cereal box, there's a crunchy, delicious mystery that's just begging to be cracked open. And it starts with a box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Okay, first, let's set the scene. Picture a quiet kitchen, a full cereal box, and then suddenly crunch Another square bites the dust. Why? Because Cinnamon Toast Crunch is just that good. These tasty little cereal squares are blasted with CIN dust, real cinnamon that makes every bite totally irresistible, so irresistible. In fact, the squares can't help but eat each other. And now in the latest twist, we'll finally get to hear their inner thoughts. What's driving them to keep snacking on their fellow squares? Is it hunger? Is it something deeper? Learn more about the ongoing mystery@cinnamontoastcrunch.com And by following at Cinnamon Toast Crunch on socials, see for yourself why Cinnamon Toast Crunch is next level tasty. Grab a box in a grocery aisle near you.


You know that moment at night when you're locking up, turning off all the lights and you just wanna feel completely safe before heading to bed? That's what SimpliSafe can give you. Most security systems only take action after someone breaks in. But SimpliSafe new active guard outdoor protection helps stop break-ins before they happen. AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents detect suspicious activity around your property. If somebody's lurking agents talk to them in real time, turn on spotlights and can call the police proactively deterring crime before it starts. Another added bonus that I personally love is that SimpliSafe keeps every member of your family safe, even your pets. Recently I was able to detect a coyote lurking around my backyard. Mango and tiger are french bulldog, even though we're outside with them nonstop and they sleep indoors and everything, just when we are outside with them, they can play outside safely and we can watch them Visit simplisafe.com/rotten to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simply safe.com/rotten. There's no safe, like simply safe.


So Friday, this is the day after. Thursday is the day where everyone is like, what's going on in the roving room? Diddy's freaking out. He looks mad. They have that little huddle. Everyone's like, maybe something happened. Maybe it's this, maybe it's that. Maybe Kanye's coming to the courthouse. Guess what? Kanye doesn't come to the courthouse on Thursday at least not that we see Friday. But the Whisper started the Day before. Yes. Wow. Yes. Now Friday is the day after. Now Thursday is also interesting because that was the last day that Jane was on the stand. So Thursday is all Jane and that's when the rumors are happening. And then Jane leaves Friday. She's no longer here. It's gonna be a slower day in court, which I know it sounds strange, but you can actually feel the energy shift on slower days.


Like it's just different because you don't have a lot of emotional testimonies. Like you'll have Homeland security agents come in. So obviously the case is still very serious, but it's not gonna be as emotionally traumatizing to listen to the testimonies. Now a Homeland Security agent comes in and he is one of the members who raided Sean Combs as Miami mansion before he comes into the courtroom. However, before the jurors are seated, before the judge is on the bench, the prosecution team wheeled in a shopping cart with these like long cardboard boxes. They're similar to like the plank of wood inside are guns, assault style rifles found in Combs as mansion with the serial numbers scratched off.


Which by the way, that alone is a federal crime to have any firearms with deface serial numbers. But that's not the point that Mark Ag Niello cares about. He's upset because while first of all they're bringing the freaking guns in, okay, they're gonna take the guns out, they're gonna show the jurors the guns, they're gonna hold the guns up, put a whole show on with these asal assault style rifles in the courtroom. I mean they're zip tied of course, so that you can't accidentally pull the trigger. Not that anyone would, but just in case. So he's gonna whip out these Jet Matt Black rifles and he's gonna hold it up for the jurors to see. And aside from that special agent, Limon is going through photo after photo with the jurors to show just like the sheer amount of baby oil and astroglide that was found in the house.


I mean it's just so much astroglide, so much. There's pallets of Astroglide, there's baby oil. Like you know how people display expensive bottles of alcohol? Yeah. But that's how Sean Combs would just display his baby oil. Just Johnson and Johnson Baby Oil, like a high-end retail store. They're spaced out like something you would see in like the Momo Museum. Special Agent Limon says, yeah, we found about 900 or so bottles of Astroglide that was seized by Homeland Security. Mark Ag Nilo is riled up doing the cross examination. I honestly, I don't know why he's so riled up. Okay, this is weird. Everyone noticed that Mark Ag Nilo seems so on edge for no reason because this agent is not really saying anything particularly shocking.


Yeah, it just seemed like he was riled up about something else. That just made it more plausible because even the special agent is looking at Mark Agni smiling like, are you good? Because I'm sure this special agent testifies a lot because when you're involved in any sort of raid and it goes to trial, someone's gonna get subpoenaed. You kind of know the drill and it's like, bro, why are you freaking out? I don't even know the case like that. Like I was just at the raid. Mark Magnio is jumping up and down trying to do the cross-examination and you said you are with the human trafficking and smuggling unit. What is that? It's a group. Okay. And in your 60 or so search warrant executions as part of the human trafficking and smuggling investigation group, how many times have you recovered astroglide One other than this day?


No. This is the only time. The only time, right? How about baby oil? Tell the jury all the human trafficking and smuggling investigation search warrants that you conducted when you walked out with boxes of baby oil. This is the only one. That's what I thought the judge tells Mark Magnio no comments during his cross. Please. Like you can't. You can only ask questions, you shouldn't be commenting. That's what I thought. But that's not why Mark Aglo says he's riled up. Okay. He says he's not losing his mind over astroglide. The main issue he says is that Homeland Security is not the FBI. So here's a discrepancy. Homeland Security, when the FBI, they raid a place, it's typically more protocol for them to take pictures of evidence and detailed pictures of where they find said evidence.


So like it, it's more likely that they will have evidence markers and they log each picture and they log each thing. Homeland Security, when they go and raid a place, they only have two purposes for the raid because their Homeland Security one, make sure there's anybody inside and make sure that they're secure and okay. And two, make sure that all weapons are secured because it's Homeland Security. They're not here logging every detail. And Mark Aglo tells the judge, this is when the witness and the jury are not present. I wanna know exactly where the guns were. I don't wanna start playing Russian roulette with guns, which is why you play Russian roulette. But I don't wanna do that. It's risky and unnecessary.


So he is like making jokes but he's riled up. I want a lot better than that. I wanna know where the guns were when the agents came because none of the agents know where they found the guns. 'cause he is saying it could have been in the gun safe in the security room, which it doesn't really matter where the guns were because you still deface the serial numbers. Yeah, which is like such a federal crime. It's not about where the guns were. That's the problem. It's the fact that they had deface serial numbers. Yeah, but I digress. Mark Aglo is like losing his marbles. These are guns. This is not like if they dunno where they got the baby oil, that's fine. If they don't know where they got the Astro Glide, that's fine. I'm not objecting to that. I don't know where they got the as Astro Glide. Fine.


Great. Where was it when you saw the Astro Glide? No. You don't know. No. Prop up. Put the guns. He's like, how do you not know where the guns were? What Point is he trying to make? Why is he arguing that? Just trying to argue anything. Yeah, I mean it seems like he's trying to put it on Combs security team. Oh yeah. He's trying to be like, can we just know where we got the guns so we can be like Sean Combs didn't know that they had deface serial numbers. Oh, I see. That's kind of the vibe it's giving. But is that really what Mark Agni Fillo is upset about? People in the pews do not think so because all morning weird stuff has been happening. Lots of up and downs.


Like all morning. And I thought this was so strange. Okay. There was lots of passing of notes that I was like illegal. Okay, not illegal, but I was like, this is weird. So at one point Sean Combs keeps writing notes to attorney Xavier Donaldson who's sitting in front of him and he's like physically getting up, passing notes, just like in the middle of testimonies, in the middle of like morning sessions of everything, just like getting up, passing a note to Donaldson. Donaldson will pass a note back. And then at one point Sean Combs turns around and there's a US marshal sitting right behind him. He passes something or like says something to a US marshal that us marshal nods, gets up, leaves the courtroom, and then I look and almost instantly after Diddy's best friend gets up and leaves the courtroom.


So we're all like, that is weird. And we thought it was very suss until later we find out it's not that suss. Okay. They come back in later and then in the middle of the testimony, Brian Steele and Xavier Donaldson are getting up, they're leaving the courtroom and at one point Brian Steele and Nicole Westmoreland and Donaldson are getting up and leaving the courtroom. And then at one point they're calling Christian Combs. Quincy like just every, like the suns are getting it. It's just what is happening at this point. Like it's so much activity happening on this side of the courtroom and the press pews are just like, what is going on? Because clearly something's going on. Like the energy is weird.


So this is in the middle of the, the testimony. Okay. Like Mark Agni flow's riled up. Like we don't care about the astroglide. Where'd you get the guns? And then like everybody's in and out of the courtroom and you're just like, what's happening? Why is Mark Magnio so pent up about something? Yeah. And then all these attorneys are moving weirdly, like they've never done this before. And that is when we get the news, it's like I, again, I don't know how who, but the person next to me, a senior reporter literally turns to me and goes, Hey, either you or your researcher go down to the overflow room. And I said, what? And he's like, Kanye's here.


And so we're like, what the, okay. So my researcher decides, I'm like, you gotta go. 'cause one of us has to stay in the main courtroom. You gotta go and catch Kanye and see what's going on. Half the press pews get up and as quietly as possible they leave the courtroom and make a run for the elevator. My researcher was telling me no, it was crazy. Like everyone's just like pressing the elevator and she's like, you know what, lemme just take the stairs. So okay, there are overflow rooms and they're just, it's another courtroom. But instead of people in the front, you just have TVs and you're watching the cameras, the live feed of the actual main courtroom and you sit in the pews. And so they're like, we gotta go to the overflow rooms.


And we don't know why Kanye is gonna be in the overflow room, but I I'm gonna explain later. So they're saying it's gonna be an overflow room 24 A. That's what all the members of the press were told. I don't know who told everybody this, but everyone was under the impression 24 A. So we're on the 26th floor, everybody's running to 24 A. My researcher is like we're booking it, they get to 24 a packed Wow. Packed with people. Wow. Packed with press. PS. Court employees are there like people that work in the courthouse? Mm. That have nothing to do with the Sean Combs case, at least. I don't know if they do have anything to do with the Sean Combs case, but she was saying like it was packed. So everyone's trying to play it chill so that none of the court officers get upset with them and they're sitting in the overflow room 24 A and they're like, huh, five minutes passed, 10 minutes passed.


And she's like, no, something's not right. And then so she leaves books it down to 23 A, there's like a secondary overflow room that's not open a lot of the time is what she was saying. Like the other press members were explaining these days as the trial is wrapping up, not a lot of people are coming. So they really only need like one overflow room. Okay. So it seems like not a lot of people are in 23 A, but apparently right when she gets there, Kanye had just left. So they had ushered Kanye to 23 A instead of 24 A, which was where most of the press was waiting for Kanye. A few members of the press were already in 23 A or some of them had seen him go in and assumed he was going into 23 A. I don't know where they got that intel.


So there were a few that saw Kanye in 23 A. But my researcher said that she's talking to the members of the press that saw Kanye and they said he apparently walked into the overflow room, walked up to the TV monitor that shows what's going on in the courtroom. And at this point it's no longer the Homeland security agent that's testifying. It's Jonathan Perez, which is a former employee of Sean Combs, a personal assistant. He walks up, stares at an intently for a brief moment. He's there with Christian Combs. So the sons had left, he's there with Christian Combs and a bodyguard. They look at the screen and then he just like leaves. So there's that like briefly.


Yes. And it does seem like everyone was misled and taken to 24 A on purpose is the vibe that my researcher got. Because while they were sitting there, the door opens Donaldson and West Money Westmoreland walk in and they just like look and then they leave. So just felt like, it felt like everyone was the, the attention was diverted. Hmm. Okay. So, okay, few questions. One, why did Kanye leave so quickly? Like why did he show up? Two second leave? Yeah. Okay. We're gonna get into all of those conspiracies. Okay. But online reports say that he was in the courthouse for about 30 minutes.


I will say that he was probably in the overfill room for, I mean we spoke to the members of the press that were in that room and they said he was in there for like two minutes. So much of the time that he was in the actual courthouse was probably going through security. And then it said that he was talking to Christian Combs and Combs best friend, he's there every day. Sometimes he falls asleep. You remember that best friend they were talking Lucci? Yeah, char Luci. So they were talking in like the hallways and then eventually they made their way to the overflow room. And then he was like, I gotta go. So it's just very interesting. And his timing is interesting to everyone because most of Combs family and friends, peace, it was the most packed during the beginning of the trial.


Opening statements, Cassie's testimony, everybody's packed in their like sardines. If there was any moment in time to support Diddy, it was at that point. But he's coming after Jane's testimony, after one of the last major witnesses gets off the stand. And it's interesting because he comes on Friday, Jane's last day testifying was on Thursday. And Thursday was when all the rumors came about that Kanye's coming to the courthouse right Thursday. Jane also talks about Kanye in her testimony. What do you mean? Allegedly? Okay, now? Yeah. Thursday, Tenny Geragos is questioning Jane Doe for the last time, very last day.


And to give you some context, Jane Doe had been testifying for the past few days that from November of 2023, which is when Cassie's lawsuit dropped to February of 2024, she and Sean Combs were on a break. They were broken up. So on January of 2024, she ends up going on a trip to Las Vegas with her friend Penny asks her. So you went to Las Vegas with your friends on a very successful rapper's private plane, right? Yes. It was for that rapper's girlfriend's birthday? Yes. Okay. And that rapper, fair to say, is a rapper who is very close to Mr. Combs? Yes. Jane testifies that while on this trip she runs into an entertainer that Diddy would frequently call to have hotel nights with her.


His name is Anton. Did you know prior that Anton had a relationship with of some sort with this rapper and his girlfriend or wife? He'd briefly mentioned it in the past, yes. And he would travel with them? Yes. And so you understood that Anton would be around them sometimes, right? Yes. Did you know if Mr. Combs knew that? Yes. So she says that she goes to Las Vegas with her friend on this rapper's private plane. They go to dinner for the unnamed rapper's, wife's birthday. Anton is there. Who invited her? Her friend Jane's friend. Oh. Oh. Now Jane is a little bit surprised to see Anton there, but nevertheless, they hug, they're cordial and after dinner, Tenny is like, okay, so at what point after dinner, like what did you guys do?


And Jane says, well, we went to a play, then we went to dinner, and then we went to a strip club and then we went back to the hotel room. You remember walking into the hotel room and then Anton was having sex with a woman and everybody was watching, right? Yes. How many people were in the room? I would say maybe seven or eight people total were Where was the hotel? What hotel was this? I wanna say it was like the Encore in Vegas. Were Anton and that woman on the bed, or what area of the room were they in? Yes, they were on the bed and everybody was just watching them. Were they talking? Was their music playing? What was going on? Just watching Jane states that she and the other rapper, allegedly Kanye were flirting a little bit.


Jane was flirting with Kanye, The unnamed rapper. So the reason that everybody is putting two and two together is because, well first of all, Bianca San is Kanye's wife and Bianca San's birthday is in January and January of 2024. They were in Las Vegas celebrating her birthday and they were staying at the Wynn Hotel, which is right next to the Encore. It's owned by the same company. Hmm. Yeah. I mean like it's pretty clear to many medicines they believe it's like there's no other. Yeah. Okay. I mean they try to run a bunch of different rappers through and they're like, it really only works with Kanye.


Okay. Like nobody else fits all of these criteria for this testimony. Now Jane states that she and the other rapper, allegedly Kanye are flirting a little bit. And there was flirtatious banter where Jane flashed her breasts towards the rapper, allegedly Kanye and others in the room. Who asked you to flash her breasts to the room? I think just in the moment, just we were all hanging out and I don't know in the moment. Okay. What did the rapper say to you when you guys were flirting? I think he said something along the lines of that he thought, he always thought I was beautiful and he always wanted to blank me. Okay. He had basically the rapper basically told you in the moment that he always had a crush on you? Yes. Okay. And do you remember when you were in Las Vegas and you were in that hotel room with that rapper and Anton and other people who were there that you also, do you remember if you brought Cabral up as well?


So Cabal is another entertainer and Tenny is like Jane, did you bring up Cabral? Did you talk about Cabral in this hotel room? And Jane's like, yes. How did you bring him up? They were asking me if I knew anybody else in the lifestyle and that they were looking for someone. And so I reached out to Cabal because you know, at the time if I were to recommend somebody, I would recommend somebody that I've kind of known for a while. Now, Jane testifies all of this on the stand on Thursday, the same day that there are rumors that Kanye is in New York City and is trying to get into the Diddy courtroom the same day that Jane is finishing her testimony regarding this unnamed rapper. So for whatever reason, perhaps Kanye wasn't there that day in the courtroom.


It's just a rumor. Perhaps prosecutors refused to let him in the building because it could be considered intimidating a witness If he is truly the unnamed rapper. Or perhaps he himself decided not to come in. We don't know. Kanye West ultimately is a no-show on Thursday, but he ends up coming on Friday for like two seconds. So that doesn't explain still the question of wait, why did he come? And also why is he in the overflow room? And also what is the defense doing right now? Because after all this happened, mark Ag Nilo tells the judge that he wants this unnamed rapper to be named.


He says, so the event that we're talking about in January of 2024 took place behind closed doors in a hotel room. But there were many people, there were other people there. One of the concerns that we have, and this is a concern of constitutional dimension, we believe is part of the reason a trial is, I sound like I'm being rhetorical, but I'm making this point for a reason. Part of the reason that trials are fully public is so if other people realize they know something about an event that's discussed in a public courtroom, they could come forward and they could share whatever their recollection is about it. Now that typically doesn't happen, but it does happen from time to time. And I know that was one of our objections when we objected to the witness who went under the name Mia. You know that there's gonna be other people who might have information about this.


And it's the same with the event in the hotel room. And I, I think it's kind of the, of the practical side of the constitutional right to the public trial that it, it's public for a reason and the facts are public for a reason and the names are public. He's basically saying, name the unnamed rapper. Why is that good for them to do that? There's no, we don't know for sure the speculation amongst a lot of people was Z. It would not probably shed the best light onto Jane. It might try. It might make her appear like she is chasing celebrities and chasing a specific lifestyle. And then the second thing is it could be almost insinuated.


Well, this is just Hollywood. And when you're in Hollywood, this is just how people do it. And you know what you're getting into when you date people in Hollywood. I see. Because I mean Kanye is a huge name in Hollywood, right? Yeah. So it would maybe make that point. Now the judge asks prosecutor Comey if she has anything to add to which she responds, as long as your honor's ruling remains. No. Otherwise I would want to respond. But I don't think there's a reason to change your honor's ruling. The suggestion that they need to say these names in order to get some sort of information from the public appears to beeping nothing more than a pretense in attempt to harass and intimidate this witness. With that. The judge agrees with Comey and the unnamed wrapper will be unnamed, at least in the courtroom because online he's been named up and down, allegedly it's Kanye, but it's still very intriguing that Mark wants this unnamed dropper to be named.


Now we kind of have the theories of some of that, but like why is he there and why wasn't he allowed in the main courtroom? And why did he only stay for two seconds? He wasn't allowed in the main courtroom. Okay, this is the weird part. Diddy has a friends and family list. Now it does have to get approved, so you can't just put anybody on there, but it does have to get approved. But once you're approved, you can kind of come and go out of that courtroom as you please. Mm. As long as your name is on the list. So it's not like, oh, you have to show up in the morning at a certain time. Like these people are not public and press like we gotta show up at a certain time in the morning to get in. But with his friends and family, I mean, his sons come late every single day.


Ah, That makes sense. Right? So it's like, why was Kanye not on the friends and family list? Some say maybe they try to get him on the list, but the prosecutors wouldn't allow it. Now, I don't know if I believe this theory because Tucci, this is Sean Combs best friend who's in the courthouse every single day. He was like talking to a reporter outside and he's asked, was Kanye on the list? And he was like, yeah, he was sort of, and it's just like, what does that even mean? Like how are you sort of on a list? You're either on the list or you're not on the list. Right? And I imagine if the prosecutors do not allow him on the list, I mean people would be talking about it.


Diddy's camp would have it out there. They would be talking to, I don't know, probably fresh and fit. And then he'd probably yap about it and be like, okay, yeah, they're the prosecutors are being mean. And they're saying, oh, your friends a celebrity, your friend can't support you. Like I think we would know if the prosecutors didn't allow Kanye West to be on the list or if the judge didn't allow it. I feel like that's something that they would want out there to be like, Hey World, did he sad? 'cause his friends can't come support him. They're not letting anybody support him. They're like suppressing this. Like it would be a thing. What a lot of people think is that Diddy's defense team will not put him on the list because Kanye West, it doesn't matter who on this planet you talk to, most people know Kanye West.


And most people know that he's so crazy antisemitic and there seems to be a few Jewish members of the jury. Mm. And so to have him in the friends and family pew Yeah. Would probably be heinous. That makes sense. Okay. Yeah. I See. And it gives me, and then I was watching the video of Christian Combs like coming in and dapping up Kanye outside the courthouse. It was giving. And then the way that they're like going in and out of the courtroom, the main courtroom, it kind of gives me damage control. It's like send Christian out there, send Donaldson out there, send Char Luci out there, calm Kanye down and say they're not letting you in the courtroom.


Ugh. We like thank you for showing up. Like we love you for showing up. But also like, don't let him in the courtroom, but don't let him know that we don't want him in the courtroom. Allegedly. Allegedly. That was the vibe it gave me. But what do I know? I don't know anything. I don't know these people. I'm just sitting there observing what do I know? So that's why he's only in there for two seconds. And why he was in the overflow room. He again, did not have to go. Like there was no logistical reason that made sense. So we don't know if maybe someone barred the defense and Diddy from putting him on the friends and family list, or Diddy and the friends and family, like they didn't want him on the list. That part is unclear. But If he is on that list, there's no reason he can't come into the main courtroom.


Like He doesn not have to go through those lines outside like we do. That doesn't answer why he's there though. So the first theory that medicines have is he's there for the presidential. Pardon? Kanye had tweeted at Donald Trump asking him to free puff. Kanye's like tweeting to Trump. And they do. I mean, Kanye did seem to have some sort of relationship during Trump's first presidency. Maybe Kanye's showing up to get this more on Trump's radar. But I mean, Trump already knows about it. He already made a statement about it. But maybe they're thinking if Trump sees a headline and he's like, oh, okay, major celebrities are still backing this guy. So maybe I'll pardon him. I don't know. The thread there is a little bit loose.


But Kanye has always been a huge supporter of Trump. June 1st of this year, this year he tweeted, anybody who don't love Trump, you're dumb. So Kanye loves Trump almost as much as he loves himself. His support of Trump is nothing particularly new. But Kanye Brook headlines originally when he first debuted his own MAGA hat, that was like in 2016. Now Donald Trump has been asked about pardoning Diddy and he says, first of all, I look at what's happening and I haven't been watching it too closely, although it's certainly getting a lot of coverage. I haven't seen him, I haven't spoken to him in years. He used to really like me a lot. But I think when I ran for politics, that relationship busted up.


As we said, our country is doing really well because of what we're doing. So it's not a popularity contest. So I don't know, I would certainly look at the facts. If I think somebody was mistreated, whether they like me or don't like me, it wouldn't have any impact on me. Zens are commenting. This is all part of the pardon plan. This is all part of the plan. Because this wouldn't be the first time that Kanye advocates for a presidential Pardon? Enter a man named Larry Hoover. Larry Hoover is a notorious figure in American criminal history. He's best known as the founder of the Gangster Disciples, a powerful Chicago Street gang. So in the seventies, Hoover is convicted of orchestrating the murder of a rival drug dealer. He receives a 200 year state sentence in Illinois.


Despite being incarcerated authorities say he's continued to lead the gang, which expanded into a nationwide criminal organization in the nineties, although he's already in prison, the feds drag him back to court, convict him on federal charges, conspiracy, extortion, drug trafficking. Okay. Ultimately resulting in a six consecutive federal life sentence. Kanye has been one of Hoover's biggest supporters, even throwing the free Hoover benefit concert where Kanye and Drake headlined in 2021, he sold free Hoover merch included and referenced Hoover's story and some of his song lyrics. And then even went to the Oval Office with Hoover's son, had a meeting with Trump all the way back in 2018.


And then last month, May 28th, 2025 midst. This is like wild Diddy's trial is happening. Trump announces that he would be pardoning Larry Hoover. Wow. I mean not Wow. Because Hoover still has his state sentence. So you Presidents can only pardon federal sentences. So Hoover's still in prison for the next 200 years. Gosh. Like he still has a 200 year sentence, but the six consecutive federal life sentences have been pardoned. What is all that about Exactly? We don't know. But I guess the pardon worked question mark.


Now, to be fair, did, he doesn't have any state charges. He has federal charges. So technically he would be free if he's pardoned. But it doesn't make, I don't think that Trump is gonna pardon Diddy for a multitude of different reasons. It does seem like the Trumps are heavily aligned with Israel and Kanye is not really someone who seems to be aligned with Israel clearly with everything that's been going on. And it does not appear that Kanye is anywhere on Trump's favorite list of morally corrupt and questionable people. And then on top of that, Diddy's attorneys actually, mark Magnio and Karen Magnio are, have a very close ties with a huge media network called Midas Touch.


Midas Touch are very left-leaning. They're they're, they're like very anti-Trump. Mm Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And actually Trump is like trying to get them banned I think at one point. Whoa. Okay. So it's a very contentious, you know, relationship. So I don't know, it just seems like the waters are very dirty and Diddy has said very intense things about Trump as well. So I just don't know how feasible a pardon is. But also, I don't know because the state of the politics and the world that we are in right now, like everything that you think is never gonna happen happens. And then you're like, oh, okay, so we're all screwed. So we don't know. That's just being logical, but nothing's logical these days. Right. So in comes the next theory, which a lot of people think that Kanye is next on the Fed's radar, which then why would he come to the federal courthouse to support Diddy?


Maybe he thinks that him showing up will make it easier for Diddy to get a non guilty verdict. People think that if Diddy gets a guilty verdict, the Feds are coming after Kanye next. This is just a conspiracy at this point, but it seems like there's a lot of overlaps in the type of things that they were into. It seems like, you know, with the lawsuits that are happening against Kanye seems like a similar trajectory perhaps people are even alleging that as the Feds were investigating Diddy, they found lots of stuff about Kanye in the process and maybe there's an investigation in the works there. So then why would he come to the federal courthouse? A he either thinks that him showing up is gonna result in a not guilty verdict because more people are gonna support Diddy.


I don't know how plausible that plan is. And then B, maybe it goes to like an insanity plea. Maybe he just like shows up, does crazy things nonstop so that later he can plead insanity. But that again, also seems just like highly orchestrated. Not the most feasible, but almost instantly after he did fly to Spain and checked himself in two I, I'm not sure if I would call it like a facility. I guess I would call it a facility. I, I don't really know how to categorize it. It's a hundred thousand dollars a week. A week, A week. And you go there and you what? You get like your own personal butler and you get like your own bowling alley.


That is, that doesn't even make sense. Yeah. But apparently it's like a high end mens mental institution, but like voluntary and also worth a house a week. Hmm. So maybe that can confirm like he's just doing crazy stuff because he thinks the feds are on Tim him. So he's gonna be as crazy as possible so that he could plead insanity later. I don't know. Right. And then the last theory is that Kanye is just Kanye. He just likes to be a contrarian. He likes to do what nobody else is doing and he likes to do stuff that makes everyone, I don't know, hate him. What do you guys think? I mean those are the main theories that are circulating.


And we were watching Kanye's whereabouts recently. 'cause we thought maybe he would show up. Defense has, by the time that you're watching this, this is gonna be our last Diddy episode for this trial. Who knows if there's gonna be a mistrial? Who knows if there's gonna be a second trial? We don't know. But this is, this is gonna be our last episode until the verdict. The defense has officially arrested their case. They called in zero witnesses, which is insane. So in the beginning of this trial, they're saying like, we're gonna bring in all these different people. They were fighting to get this one doctor in. 'cause you remember the prosecutors had brought in a doctor. So they're like, we're also gonna bring in a doctor. What kind of doctor did they want to bring you?


I think he focused on a lot of like drugs. So he would testify about the effect that certain drugs would have maybe on someone's temper or volatility. That was the vibe that people were getting. So they fought hard to get this doctor to be able to testify. Judge was like, okay, yeah, each side is gonna bring in a doctor. They had this huge long list of witnesses that the prosecutors were like, are you sure we're gonna finish by the 4th of July? Because that's not feasibly like feasible. Then they were saying, oh, it's gonna take us like maybe four weeks. Then they said, okay, maybe it's gonna take us a week or two. And then recently they said, you know, it's gonna take us a few days. We have a few witnesses we're gonna bring in. Starting with Vashta.


Like the head of hr. Yeah, yeah. So everyone was like, oh my God, the head of hr, right? Yes. They didn't bring a single person in. They didn't bring bring the doctor, they didn't bring Vashta. They didn't literally brought nobody in. Strange. They rested their case in half a day. So a lot of people are saying, do they rest their case in half a day? Because they're so confident because the prosecutors have nothing. So they're like, you got nothing. I don't have to do anything. I would disagree. I think just mentally speaking, when you're facing life in prison, you can't ever be that confident. 'cause if you're like, you know what? Their case already sucks and we just bring in like a week of wit, like one full week of witnesses. We bolster our case even more. Let's bring it home.


We already think the jury is not gonna find you guilty. Let's bring it home. Let's just make extra sure. Like you would think that's how you handle it, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it seems like the risk of the prosecutors cross-examining any witness probably wouldn't do Sean Combs any good. It seems like maybe they're going to stick to either hoping, praying for a mistrial, which doesn't mean he's free. He would just have to do another trial or hoping, I don't know, for an appeal it, I don't know. It just doesn't, it doesn't make sense that they would be that confident for not guilty verdict to the point of not bringing in a single witness.


Like that level of confidence when you're dealing with the feds and the conviction rate that they have. I just don't foresee how that is the train of thought. Yeah. It's so interesting. Yeah. Why they do that? It doesn't make sense. Because people were even thinking that Kanye was gonna testify for Diddy. And again, that didn't make sense for a lot of people. 'cause it was like, mm, we don't even think he's allowed in the courtroom because he's so Controversial. But what do you guys think? We checked, Kanye is back in la. He did fly from Spain back to New York. They were spotted in Brooklyn where Bianca sensor, his wife was wearing just like Kanye lingerie and she was just like walking around in Kanye lingerie.


So we thought maybe he was gonna come for the defense closing or not. The closing for the defense case in chief. But now we're just headed into closing statements and jury deliberations and that's it. I mean, what do you guys think? Do you think Kanye's next? Is that why he's not let in the courtroom and no one can say anything? Is he the unnamed rapper Or what do you guys think about the, you know, just the whole trial so far like, And the fact that they Do, we think he's going to get a, you know, And the fact that they're arresting their case in like half a day. What are your thoughts on that? Because people were like, what's happening this, this is like abnormally.


And just to give you an idea, a lot of people are saying, oh my God, he's OJ Simpson. This is gonna be an OJ Simpson dream team. He's gonna get away not guilty verdict. Right? Because the jurors are gonna love him. It's gonna be the next OJ Simpson of our generation. Now I will say, I don't know how accurate that is, considering OJ Simpson's trial was held not in the federal court. Like the feds in the state, they operate differently. Like the feds, you don't wanna get in their cross hairs. On top of that, I looked into it. OJ Simpson's defense case in chief lasted 39 court days, 39 days. So after the prosecutors, OJ Simpson's attorneys were up there for 39 days And did he Half a day.


Yeah, Half a day is very generous. His defense case in chief like lasted like an hour. Wow. Yeah. I don't know. What are your thoughts? Let me know in the comments and be safe. I'll see you in the next episode.


This is Stephanie Sue of Rotten Mango, brought to you by Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com and with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book co incorporated. Toyota. Let's go places,


Sun's out, snacks out. And my mochi ice cream is your go-to summer treat. My mochis bite-sized beauties are only around 70 calories each. They're packed with cool creamy ice cream and wrapped with soft chewy dough, totally satisfying, perfectly portioned, and ready to cool you down with every delicious bite. My mochi ice cream fits your summer vibe. Treat yourself smart with a joyfully chill sensation of my mochi. Look for the purple box of my mochi at Walmart or visit my mochi.com to find a store near you.