
From a DT comes trusted neighbor. Your home is your sanctuary. Managing who comes and goes can be just as peaceful through the A DT plus app. Your home security system is right at your fingertips. For example, you can grant access to your dog walker when you're at work. And it's not only about the convenience. When something needs your attention, like a security alert, ADTs trusted neighbor system will automatically notify your designated contacts. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C. All rights reserved.


132 rooms, 157 suspects. One dead body, one wildly eccentric detective, one disastrous state dinner, and at the center of it all, A case unlike any other, the new Netflix series, the residence is a screwball who done its set in the White House from Shondaland. The series features an all star cast led by Uzo ABA as Cordelia Cup. The most sought after detective in the world watch the residents March 20th, only on Netflix.


Badabing bad. The conspiracy that one of the richest families in the world hunts humans as sport started a really long time ago. It started way before TikTok, but this party definitely did not help with the conspiracies. December 12th is the night that everyone who is anybody has been waiting for. I mean, they don't even know what they're doing, who's going to be there or really a start time and end time to this party or whatever it is that they're doing. All they've received so far, thus far is this invitation. At first glance, the invitation seems like it's in a different language. It's S-D-A-E-H-T-S-I-L-A-E-R, and S-E-S-S-A.


It doesn't make sense. Some invitees took weeks to decipher this code. It's an invite to a party. 'cause it's not in a different language. It is in English. You just have to hold up the invitation in front of a mirror and the reflection will tell you about it. It says Black tie, long dresses and surrealist heads. People spend weeks having the top designers handcraft, surrealist heads and masks for this gathering because it's a party that you have to wear masks, and it's not every day that a rothchild invites you to a party. Hmm.


Side note, the Rothchilds were one of the wealthiest families in the world at their height, calculated with inflation. Some estimates put their net family worth around $1.4 trillion. Wow. They're still all very wealthy, but there's probably hundreds and hundreds of Rothchild descendants. Their wealth is much more scattered and spread across with only a handful, just a mere handful being billionaires still. But back then, they were likely the single most influential wealthiest family in the entire world. If they tell you to jump, it is probably in your best interest, perhaps even safety, to jump as high as you can. If they tell you to wear Black tie long dresses and surrealist mask heads, it is probably in your best interest to get the best surrealist mask head that you could possibly find or get a top designer to create one.


These invites are so coveted that another wealthy socialite at one point threatened to self exit if she was not invited to the next party held by them. I don't know what the guests were expecting, but when they get to the Chateau in France, I mean, it's hard to miss the house. By the way, 80 guest bedrooms a library with over 80,000 books with about 30 square kilometers of dense forest land surrounding this chateau, which that amount of land is about the size of a small city or a quarter of Manhattan, or maybe if you combine all four Disney theme parks, magic Kingdom, Epcot Hollywood Studios, animal Kingdom into one. That's how much forest they have.


It's massive. It's isolated. It's outside of Paris and the guests are coming in. Audrey Hepburn is there wearing a bird cage filled with birds on her head. Another guest is just wearing a giant apple covering their entire face. Another guest has this giant mask, I'm sure everywhere they walk, they're just slapping people with this mask and it's just giant cutouts of Mona Lisa with different expressions, different Oakley eyes staring at the guests, all chopped up everywhere. Then the hostess were a giant Stags head, like a deer's head with tears of diamonds streaming down the Stags face. Real diamonds.


What the hell are those? In front of the main staircase are the wait staff. They're dressed as cats and they're all meowing and pawing at each other, purring and sleeping on the steps. And when you sit down at the dining table, the plates are covered in fur. Not like, oh, someone's cat put fur on my plate. But the entire plate is made out of fur. And on the table you see a taxidermy turtle. I mean, are we supposed to, I don't think you're supposed to eat the turtle. Then What are we, what are we supposed to? What's the real food here? The food is placed on a giant mannequin that is laying nude on a bed of roses. And the menu consists of slightly cannibalistic sounding titles such as Sir Loin.


Welcome to the Surrealist Ball held by the Rothschild. It has been decades since this now viral ball, but everyone still talks about it mainly because of the creepy pictures that of the host and the hostess, the Rothchild couple that's hosting. They're standing there, Black tie event gown to the floor, hand in hand, just wearing giant masks. It's very unsettling. So much so that medicines believe that after this little dinner, they were most likely hunting people in the dense woods in the thick forest afterwards. That makes the most sense, does it not? They're hunting humans. There are two men in the forest. They have long rifles.


They're looking through their scopes. You see that? Yeah, I do. I see it. They see a person in the middle of the woods. This is not in France. This is not connected to the Rothchild, at least not directly. This is in Usan, South Korea. And the two hunters see another person on the other side of the rifle, which is not alarming. It is the season for hunting for pheasants. But the intriguing thing is it's not another hunter. Wait, look, there's more. There's more people. There's a lot of people, and then there's another one and another one. Seeing a few people in the middle of the woods at this time should not be the most alarming. But when you see nearly a hundred people in the middle of the woods gathered, it's weird.


It's intriguing. The hunters get closer. It looks like some sort of construction site. Maybe they're building out here. I mean, again, it's not too strange. This is a developing area. They're about to walk back when one of them stops. No, something's weird about this place. The next day, that man alone, one of the two hunters comes back this time instead of a rifle, he starts bringing a telephoto lens and he's shooting, shooting pictures. If you look from afar, this feels like a regular construction site. It's very typical. But once you get closer, there's a dog. 13 dogs, German Shepherds. They're not watching the woods though. So imagine a construction site and you see 13 dogs.


Would they not be watching the woods for anyone coming? I don't know. To loot to take stuff to stop them from developing. I don't know. Right? You would expect that they're watching outside, but they're watching the construction workers. Hmm. If the dogs are guarding them, why would they need to guard them? It doesn't make sense. The 13 German shepherds are all attached to some sort of human handler that is also holding a giant wooden club. Again, they're not watching the woods for intruders or anybody that's approaching. They are watching the construction members. The man with the camera waits until the sun sets and he starts taking photos of the guards and the guards are tying everyone's ankles together.


Dozens of people tied together by their ankles with chains, and then they're shuffled into this shipping container. The door is slammed shut and padlocked from the outside. The people in the woods are victims of brothers home. They had been transferred from South Korea where the welfare facility that houses over 4,000 people is located into Usan to start building a second location. You're kidding me. The man with the camera though, he's going to figure out who's behind all of this. He's gonna figure out the people behind Brother's home and do something about it because he's not just a hunter. He is the newly elected prosecutor for Usan.


This is the real life case behind Squid Games. We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to directly support a survivor of today's episode. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available about Rotten Mango podcast.com.


With that being said, today's case has mentions of internment essay trafficking, torture. Please take a break. This is a very heavy case. Another note, South Korea, at the time that this took place was not a democracy, it was run by a dictator. So clearly times were different, but I don't know how different, 'cause these things keep repeating in history, not just in South Korea, but everywhere. Additionally, our amazing Korean researchers and translators were able to travel out to some of the survivors. In today's episode. They conducted interviews. They translated the survivor's book, the Surviving Child, written by Hun. He's a huge part of the case. We will refer to him as Han, which he explains why he even wrote this book in the first place.


He says, no media outlets try to directly talk to the welfare center victims. No one has listened to the victim's stories about what actually happened there. It seems like they didn't even wanna try listening. So in the end, many citizens have no idea about the reality of what's happened. One last note. This is part three of the case. This is the final part. In part one, we went through the torture games of the Brothers Welfare Center, which are very similar to Squid Game. In part two. We did a deep dive on what they do with the 551 plus dead bodies that were at the facility, as well as some of the torture methods and what happens when you escape. And in this episode, we're gonna go in depth on the wealthy benefactors of these games, the facility, if you will.


So with that being said, let's get started. There's been a lot of recent conspiracy theories surrounding squid games, like how BTS is V is gonna be in season three of squid games. That's a huge conspiracy. Hmm. I guess theory, not a conspiracy or like how everyone is related that the old man player, 0 0 1 from season one. The old man could be the father of our main character, hun, or as well as the father of the front man, the one that facilitates the games in the all black guard suit. So there's so many conspiracies of what if they're all connected. There's also the conspiracy that the front man, he's infiltrated the games to just presumably teach the main character a lesson that at the end of the day, all humans are the same.


That if given the chance to do what the front man does or the chance to be a VIP, they will choose to do that. Or a really crazy theory that there's this old lady in the second season, she joined the games because she needs to make money so that she can pay off her son's gambling debt. And her son is also in the games, right? That she might be the wife of the old man that started the games. There's so many conspiracies. There's a character in the game that happens to be heavily pregnant. Naturally, there's theories about her and her unborn baby. One that perhaps the main character might have to sacrifice himself to save her and her unborn child, make sure that she's the last one standing.


Or another conspiracy that in the end everyone must die. And the only thing in the corner that is surviving is that little baby that she gives birth and only one can survive. So she has to sacrifice herself. So her baby lives on so many, but a lot of the recent conspiracy theories have to do with the VIPs of the show. The premise of the show is that every year, hundreds of contestants that are riddled with debt are invited to have a chance to win tens of millions of dollars, typically around $40 million. And the catches, once you enter the game, you're taken to a facility in the middle of nowhere with no escape, guarded by pink suit, wearing guards while you wear a green track suit. And you're forced to play and win childhood games. And if you lose the game, you die on the spot.


But that prize money, the facility, the guards, I mean they have to be funded somehow. It is funded by a global elite club of VIPs that find it enjoyable and entertaining to watch these people fight to the death for, to them what feels like pennies in season one. It's so interesting. You get a glimpse of the VIPs they're watching while getting served food and drinks. A lot of the masks are eely, similar to the ones worn at the surrealist ball held by the Rothchild family. The stag horns, the Beed masks. They're so similar in season two though. Someone points out a conspiracy. They never show the VIPs again in season two. They never show them. They never show them watching their reactions.


Nothing. Even though they did in season one, would it not be more natural to show them again? There could be a play of dynamic of people are dying and the VIPs are reacting and maybe they form interpersonal relationships and they grow attached to some characters and not other characters. But no. And at one point it feels like the main character breaks the fourth wall and is telling others in the game that the VIPs are watching them. But it almost feels like he's looking at us. The viewers watching Netflix, right? We're we're in the game. Yeah. Leading to the conspiracy that we all the people of the world are the VIPs watching for entertainment. Others are saying, well, maybe it's not you and me that they're looking at, but maybe they're breaking the fourth wall looking at the elites of the world.


It's a nod to them. 'cause they might be watching this too. We know what you're doing. One that is in comments. I don't think Squid Games is even hiding anything. I think the purpose of this show is that this is actually happening somewhere in the world for real. At Brother's Home, everyone hates to see Mme. Park coming. Once you hear her shoes click clacking down the long hallway, all the doors leading up to the rooms filled with bunk beds with children in there. I mean, you just know that somebody's in trouble. They need Jesus. That is why Mme. Park is called because they need Jesus. Usually she has her purse and it's filled to the Bri with choco pies. They're like these fluffy cream sandwiches, I guess Imagine Oreos, but Fluffy, just packets of individual choco pies in her purse walking down the hall.


She's staring at the hundreds of children standing at attention because they're like, please don't let it be me. Please don't let it be me. Which one is it? The guards point at the two boys and they already look like they've been beat. Nothing we've done seems to fix at Mme. Park. We've already tried everything. We've tried the first step as well. The guards mean that they've already tried to tie the private parts of the two boys together with a small thread. What the logic behind it is, these two boys keep peeing in their sleep. They keep wetting the bed as they sleep. If they're connected by their privates, if one of them starts wetting the bed while they're sleeping, then the other boys' private part gets wet and he wakes up and says, Hey, wake up. You are using the restroom. We gotta go use the restroom.


What are you what? It almost never works. So the idea that they continue the practice seems to be based off of torture alone. And if that doesn't work, which is almost always the next step that the guards do is Colin Mme. Park, she's the cure. She sits down with the boys. And if this is your first time seeing Mme. Park, she almost seems maternal. She looks like a little Duma like a church lady, and she's got all these children snacks in her purse. You know I can help you, right? The truth is, the reason you're doing this is it's the demons. The demons are making you wet the bed, come here, she makes the boys one by one. All the bed wetters lay on her lap on their backs.


Their private part is across her lap and she pulls down their pants and their underwear and she starts grabbing and squeezing their private areas. Say it with me Lord, I believe. And then she'll squeeze as hard as she can and they all scream out in pain. She screams, boys who believe in the Lord will be cured. Many victims say that the pain is so unbearable that you can't even think. You can't even think to say what she wants you to say because you just wanna stop the pain. Yes, but you can't even think to say, what did she tell me to say again? I just want you need to scream. It's almost a reflex until finally it's just white hot pain. And they're screaming. I believe in the Lord. I believe in the Lord and it seems like their vision is going white.


Only then will the madame let you put your pants back on. And as you wipe your face with all the tears, this is also documented in the book. She will reach into her purse and pull out a singular choco pie. It is the best and worst thing many of them will taste in weeks. Han the author of the book, if you watch the first two episode, he's the survivor that author of the book that was used for source material, but also he's the one that was trapped with his sister. He and his sister were taken to the brother's home by police officers after their father dropped them off one drunk evening. He just didn't know how to take care of the kids anymore. Han like many of the other survivors, he has these nightmares, but this one feels different.


Like you're being watched. I mean, it's crazy how humans can feel the feeling of being stared at. Han opens his eyes and right in front of his face are two floating eyeballs just glowing in the dark. Unblinking. He jumps up out of bed, turns on the light, and it's older sister, the one that was trapped with him at Brother's Home. I thought the older sister is in the The other psych ward. Yeah. This is once they're out, they're trying to live together. Once they escape, we're gonna go into detail on how they all escape. Oh, and he turns on the light. Shenette, what are you doing? I told you we're supposed to sleep now. Yeah, I'll go to sleep.


But when Han looks up again, she's not asleep. His older sister is just sitting there staring at the wall. Some nights she laughs at the wall. Other nights she cries at the wall. Whenever Han would ask her, she said, why? Why are you laughing? Why? Why are you crying? She'll turn around and tell him stories about their lives before Brother's home. She never talks about what happened at Brother's Home. At least not in these moments. Han says, there was a time I thought about just killing everyone For me. I had nothing to lose. It was entirely possible to do it. I could have become a psychopath that society could learn to fear. I could have. Instead, he thought, well why don't I just start small? I'll just kill one person first. I'll kill my dad.


Because he thought he's the reason that we're in Brother's Home. My older sister, who was so smart, so very kind, ended up in Brother's Home, put on psych ward meds. I mean, she lost her mind in there. She was beat every single day. She was tortured in ways that, I mean, Han was tortured the same way. They were both essayed. It was a lot. The whole thing became more complicated when Han finds out that his dad was also trapped in brother's home later. But that doesn't make things better. So over a decade after they're released, Honda decides, I can't do this anymore. For the past decade after Brother's home, I've just been floating around. My sister is still not my sister, like the sister. I remember I gotta do something. So he goes to see his dad with a knife.


He says, I visited my father. He didn't realize I was his son. He didn't recognize me, but I recognized him. And at the time I was carrying my knife, my intention was to kill my father. I asked him, do you remember sending your children to Brothers Welfare Center? He responded, I remember I had no choice at the time. It was difficult. Again, his father does not recognize him. He asks, sir, what do you think brother's home was like for your children? Do you think it was a nice place for your kids? Han said if his dad said anything along the lines of, I think it was okay. I think it wasn't the best, but it's okay. He would've killed them right then and there. He would've. No second thoughts about it.


His father opens his mouth, looks up at Han. That place was not a place for humans. They broke my ribs in there. I was beaten badly, I feel. And Han could see the guilt in his dad's face. And for a second, Han is holding the knife in his pocket. But he thinks, what if I were my dad? Would I have done the same thing? What if I had no money? The government said, the Olympics are coming. We wanna help clean up the streets. We'll take care of your kid. We'll feed your kid. We'll educate your kid for you. Your kid will be better off. Would I send my kid there? Maybe. 'cause it's the government and they both stare at each other.


And before Han asks, who do you think I am standing in front of you? I don't know some government official. Are you here to monitor me or something? I'm your son. Han writes, my father's eyes suddenly lit up. He looked up at me for a moment and then suddenly lowered his eyes. After that, he didn't say another word. For three years, I think he was tormented by guilt. Han tells his dad that he'll be back to see him. And since then, Han has visited his dad every single month in the psych ward. After being released, Han's dad has been left in the psych ward and on Han's way out, he throws out his knife.


Imagine being able to get cash back on your own purchases at over 3,500 stores. You're saving money without even thinking about it. I mean, look, if you're already going to be shopping, you should do it with Rakuten. That's what really sold me. For example, I just got a new Dyson fan getting ready for the humid summer, and without Rakuten, I wouldn't have been able to get cash back. Rakuten partners with top stores like Nike, YSL, beauty, Dyson, Macy's, Walmart, Levi's, oh, urban Outfitters, Samsung, Sephora, Ulta, Fenty Beauty. But how does Rakuten cashback really work? These retailers pay Rakuten to send them shoppers and then those savings in the form of cashback are deposited directly into Rakuten members' PayPal account or Rakuten can also send a check and membership is completely free and it's easy to sign up. These cashback deals can also be stacked on top of other deals. For example, if you have a promo code or coupon for something you won't miss out on that either. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cashback rates change daily. See Rakuten dot com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


Unlock a world of incredible opportunities with Rosetta Stone. That's what it feels like. Whether you're looking to elevate your travel adventures, advance your career, or maybe you just wanna watch those K dramas. I saw that meme where you watch a K drama or a C drama and when you're watching, you're reading the subs, you understand everything that's going on, and then you have to take a bite of food and then suddenly you lose so much because you don't know what's happening. 'cause you're not reading the subs. This is your time. You can simply indulge in the joy of learning. Rosetta Stone is here to support you every step of the way. With over 30 years of expertise and millions of happy users, Rosetta Stone is the leader in language learning. Each program is crafted for lasting language retention and immediate pronunciation feedback to prepare you for real world conversations. Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now Rotten Mingle. Listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten to get started and claim your 50% off today. Don't miss out. Go to Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten and start learning today.


132 rooms 157 suspects. One dead body, one wildly eccentric detective, one disastrous state dinner and at the center of it all, a case unlike any other, the new Netflix series, the residence is a screwball who done its set in the White House from Shondaland. The series features an all star cast led by Uzo ABA as Cordelia Cup. The most sought after detective in the world. Watch the residents March 20th, only on Netflix.


After escaping brothers home, the biggest memory Han has was being in Brother's Home and the words were just ringing in his head. He didn't even know what he was thinking about. It just kept saying with a knife, he would wake up and in his mind it would just say With a knife. With a knife. With the knife, with the knife. And he initially thought once he gets out, okay, I'm gonna kill everyone with a knife. Like I've lost my mind in there. I'm gonna turn into a psychopath so that people will listen to me and I'm gonna stab everybody with a knife. And then he thinks, no, I'm just gonna kill my dad with a knife. That's what my brain was telling me to do. But now he realizes with a knife, that feeling it's I just want to carve out my painful memories with a knife in my head.


He wishes he could just clean cleanly, cut those memories from brother's home and throw them away. And for 25 years, nothing happens. Until 2012, a man named Vincent steps into a taxi, a cab in Los Angeles. He offers the cab driver a very interesting proposal. Drive me around to five different stops and get paid $600 max. The cab driver, he agrees because he doesn't know that Vincent is going to five different places to kill five different people. He's a hit man. Are the people he's killing bad people? Are they good people? Vincent doesn't care. He doesn't know. He just kills them. But Max, max cares. He doesn't wanna be a part of this.


All he wants to do is save up enough money to open up his own limo company. That's it. He's not even supposed to be a cab driver. He's been a cab driver for decades, but he's really supposed to be a limo company owner. This is all temporary. He's just trying to save up enough money to start his own company and all of this is just, it's rough. And he's Max starts putting two and two together. He knows that he is going to be collateral. If Max knows what Vincent is doing and the police know that five people are dead. That means wouldn't Vincent logically, If he is a hitman that he's pretending to be that day, would he not kill Max and frame everything on him as collateral damage in the car? Max, the cab driver asks, Vincent, why haven't you killed me yet?


Because I know you're killing people. Why haven't you killed me yet? Answer the question. How did he find out that he's kill wants to kill People? Oh, he's been going place to place killing people and he gave up his little facade and has started killing people in front of Max. What Max is like, just tell me why haven't you killed me yet? VINs and tells him, look in the mirror. Look at me. Paper towels, clean cab, how much you got saved up for your limo company that isn't any of your business. Someday. Someday my dream will come. Yeah, well one night you'll wake up and discover it never happened. It all turned around on you. It never will. Suddenly you're old. Didn't happen. Never will, because you were never going to do it anyway.


You're being hypnotized by daytime TV for the rest of your life. What the fuck are you doing? Still driving a cab. Max in a weird twist, has this wake up moment where he starts driving the cab faster and faster, realizing Vincent's planning on killing him, and he starts running Red lights going a hundred miles per hour. You're right, you're right, Vincent. We're all floating on a rock in the universe. Nothing matters anyway. Does it? Does it? If not now, then when? Right. Vincent and he purposefully flips the car over, nearly killing the both of them, but ultimately taking control over his own life. This is the plot of the 2004 movie collateral. Oh, There's this moment where Tom Cruise's character, Vincent says something along the lines of, you became a hostage to someone like me because all you do is a dream to achieve your dream.


You should have done everything, but you didn't. Han says 2012, he's watching that movie and he realizes, I mean, listening to that conversation, I thought it felt like he was speaking to me directly. Nobody had been speaking about Brother's Home, what had happened there? We all just sat in our own places agonizing and thinking about it. It almost felt like it didn't happen. That was the moment I decided I was gonna tell the world what happened in Brother's Home, even if it killed me. Prior to Han protesting at the National Assembly in South Korea for the past 25 years, nobody has even spoken up about Brother's home. None of the other victims or survivors, everybody hid it.


Sometimes people hid it from their future spouses, partners, kids. Nobody in society wants to feel bad for people without homes that are begging on the street. They are humans that need to be cleaned up. The stigma is so strong that the victims, once they escaped brother's home, being tortured for years, forced to play these weird torture games. Some were left permanently paralyzed. Some had each of their teeth plucked out one by one for fun. They have no teeth. Most of them were essayed by guards. Every night for years, they're forced to do manual labor and yet they can't tell anyone about it because they're gonna be judged. Han said, during his protest, one citizen even grabbed him by the collar. He's peacefully protesting in front of the National Assembly.


This citizen spit in his face and said, what? Even people like you, scum of the earth want taxpayer money now. Wow. Some curse at him. Others looked at him with pity and said, kid, you're hitting a rock with an egg. Give it up. But he stood there every single day sharing his story. I am a 37-year-old man, but I was nine years old when I was taken into Brother's Home. This is the 9-year-old me speaking. Please listen. I have no idea where my life went wrong or why I have to live like this. Being born as one in billions, I wonder if I might have been sent on some kind of mission. But looking at myself now, it seems like I have no mission at all. I'm just pathetically aging.


Han explains that his dad and sister are now confined to a mental hospital. Even after being out of brother's home, they cannot adjust back to society and there's nothing that he can do to help them. All he can do is visit them using what little money he has left to buy snacks and he splits them exactly in half. If he accidentally purchases three of the same snack, because sometimes the supermarket does buy two get one free specials. He has to either eat the third one or keep it for the next time he visits. He explains over and over again till finally people start listening. When our researchers went to interview Han and his sister, they told the researchers that they have a really hard time sharing food. They all do.


Most of the victims from Brother's Home in Korea, when you go out to eat, you often order family style, meaning you order like a bunch of big plates, fish, beef dishes, veggie dishes, and then a big thing of rice comes out and you all put onto your little plate and you eat kind of like a Thanksgiving meal. But that's typical for a lot of restaurants. Han and his sister don't really feel comfortable and they preface this because they don't wanna make our researchers feel awkward. They say it's, you know, after years of fighting for our food and eating from a single dish sharing can be very stressful. Wow. Like subconsciously. We feel that when others serve themselves, of course we want them to eat, but we feel like our own portions shrink, even though we know logically now we can just order more food.


But it's really hard. Han will have to monitor his sister's water intake throughout dinner. She almost has an addiction to liquids, mainly water. Back at Brother's Home, the water that they had to drink was extremely unclean. There were little squiggly things that were alive moving around. Inside swimming. Flies would get in the water and drown, and that's the only water that they received. So whenever Han's sister gets water to drink, she drinks it excessively to the point where it hurts her stomach. Our researcher noted that Han's sister has very young charm about her. She behaves more similarly to a younger girl, even though she's in her forties now. She has very high emotional intelligence and she's very attentive to others around her asking how she should properly address them.


One thing they noticed is that she has these really long, graceful fingers when she picks things up and puts them down. It's like someone who's done ballet for years. It's very elegant, but then at one point in the dinner, she looks at her nail and then just breaks it off just like that. Unprompted, it seems perhaps to be a stress response. Just like other interviews with other victims that we found online. Han's sister will stop talking about her experience at Brother's Home To Medicate. She has at least eight pills that she takes three times a day. Some are antidepressants, anxiety meds, other psychiatric meds. And Han interestingly takes none. He tells our researchers that the doctors are actually more concerned for him because his sister is medicated so they can try to stabilize her condition.


Whereas for him, he can't be medicated because he's trying to take care of his sister. But because he has all this trauma and no way of really helping, not that medication is the only solution, but it just puts him at a higher risk. But Han will do anything for his sister. He says when he first got her out of the mental institution, this is after Brother's home, she was sent to another mental facility. He fought to get her out and she wanted to go back. He realized, you know, they're at the hospital, you can't eat when you want. You can't skip meals, you don't make choices. So the real world, all the freedom to make choices was overwhelming her. He said it reminded him of, you know those beautiful birds that have their feathers plucked out to prevent them from flying.


And over time, even if no one pulls out their feathers, they pluck them out themselves. It's like a bird locking themselves back in the cage because it feels safer. But now she's learning to love her freedom and Han asks her researchers, you know, what kind of colors do you think people like us, like people like me who have gone through all of this? Think about it. A lot of people will say we like dark and gloomy colors, but most of us, the victims and survivors of Brother's Home, we all like really bright colors. When thinking about how he even survived Brother's Home, he says, I think it's from my sister. I think it's because in this world only my sister loves me without discrimination.


But still, how did they get out of Brother's Home? The prosecutor in the woods has pictures of what Brother's home is doing to their victims. In fact, he has multiple pictures. The ones that he took when he stumbled upon the construction site in the middle of the woods mean this is a slam dunk case. Are you kidding? Chaining people by the ankles, throwing them into a warehouse, locking them up, pad, locking it from the outside. The prosecutor thought my thoughts on this were quite simple. This is a very serious crime. Even confining and forcing one person to do labor is a very serious crime. Confining and forcing hundreds into labor. I mean, there's no room for excuses. We have to launch an investigation. He gets a search warrant for Brother's Home.


He says the first thing he noticed when he walked into that massive compound, 60 plus buildings in the middle of the woods in Pusan, the smell, it's like human grease. Like you don't wash your hair for a few days and it starts to smell like scalp, but so much worse. Every building is darkly lit. He says the people, the team that I went in, the prosecutors, we couldn't believe that a place like this exists in Korea. Even though we were standing there seeing it with our own eyes during the search warrant, they find the massive safe in the back, the size of a bank fault, where they found $8 million with a ton of foreign currency in there. And the prosecutor is looking around like brewing me. Who? Whoever is in charge of this place now, the prosecutor himself can tell what kind of power he has because everybody around him starts hurrying to do what?


I don't know to call the director of this place. All of them are running around acting busy because he's a prosecutor. They're gonna look busy. Even if they're not, they're gonna try their best to look like they're innocent. That's normal. This is how normal people react and respond to prosecutors like him. So he sits there and he waits for the director. He waits and he waits and the director walks in and you would think that the prosecutor begged for this meeting on his hands and knees like a dog. His name is Director Park. This is Madam Park's husband. He runs this place. He started this place. He's a short, unassuming ahi. He looks like a regular, like 50 something year old man. He does have a more built figure.


He used to be a boxer. He walks in and he is instantly agitated. Someone like me cannot be interrogated by someone like you. Let's not even have this conversation. Bring me the chief prosecutor. Bring me your boss. No, you know what? Bring me your boss's boss's boss's boss. You're kidding? That's what he Said. Yes. Wow. Where the hell does this guy get this type of confidence? To have this level of confidence when facing a prosecutor, you have to have one of two things in a very serious crime like this one, kidnapping, ent, trapping, forcing thousands of people into what can only be considered the closest thing to a modern day concentration camp in South Korea. That's how people have described it. You have to have three things, a lot of money, a lot of money.


Two, you better have connections, not your average. I want an aquarium in my home, the size of a dining table by 3:00 PM connections. You better be well connected to the most powerful people. If you're talking like that to a prosecutor, maybe you're like a Tibor, that level of connection, and three, you better have a lot of luck on your side. So who the hell is Park in Gun? The director? Mr. And Mrs. Park are living legends in the welfare sector in South Korea for nothing other than starting running and expanding their business of Brother's Home. The welfare center in South Korea that is kidnapped and trapped and tortured, 3,500 plus people, making them work in factories 12 hours a day with no pay.


And ultimately if they die from severe beatings, they're just buried in the massive grave in the compound, or their bodies are sold for medical purposes. The government is paying the parks for every head they bring in. They're receiving government subsidies, forced labor contributions, park the director, the man behind this facility, we don't even know much about him. We just know that he used to be a boxer at one point, not a famous one, not a good one, but a greedy one. He just wanted to make a lot of money. It didn't really matter to him how he makes money as long as he makes money. He never wanted anyone to know that. In fact, even at Brother's Home in front of thousands of people that he is actively taking advantage of and torturing, he has the audacity to act like he's helping everyone.


He makes it sound like he spent his own personal assets to help people that he's this pure godly man. It's so bizarre and nobody could complain because they knew that Director Park was very close friends with the then dictator Han the dictator of South Korea, the most powerful man in the country at the time. What's their relationship? Is it just close? It seems like they're close friends now. He won multiple awards and then I, I don't think they started off as friends. He started building Brothers Home, won an award, cozied up with the then dictator, and then they became friendly.


The government would even help fund these vanity projects. The director, director Park would be the main character. So they would promote how great welfare centers in South Korea are, and there would be a narrator for this honestly, propaganda film. And the narration would start a blue Fireball burns inside Director Park's chest in the mental structure of Vagrant. It seems that the concept or even the habit of law and order was not in ingrained in them. Even from birth. The welfare center houses vagrant in homeless people from two years old to 70 years old. The weird propaganda films would go on a state that this is a day in the life of our director.


A vagrant holds a knife to the director's wife's neck and stages, a hostage situation demanding. They're literally coplay this acting this out for a propaganda film demanding to be let out of the facility Director Park. Praise Lord, what should I do? Should I let my, should I let them kill my innocent wife? Or should I give in to the evil Vagrant demands? The narration continues. The Vagrant believes order is oppression. But how is that? So the Vagrant repent, his wrongdoings after Director Park persuades him and prays for him. Director Park has fixed the vagrant. Director Park has always firmly resolved to watch over the people until the very last person, the government funded these videos.


And I mean, they would have segments that even say homeless people, people who have run away from home beggars. All these people are being accepted at Brother's Home. The video even shows tours of the psych wards here. There are not only vagrants in children, there are psychiatric patients, mentally unstable patients, disabled people. In the cafeteria that we have here, there are five choices of side dishes that everyone can choose from. The video shows massive amounts of fresh food being dished onto everybody's plate, which you know is not true. We talked about this in part two. You know the truth is everybody is starving inside a brother's home. They're eating baby mice, sucking on pine cones, eating caterpillars to get nutrition.


But this propaganda film is showing them eating like kings and they show Director Park and his wife always eats meals with everyone at Brother's Home. One victim says Director Park was as close to his monster as it gets. He really is a monster. Hardly anyone could even look him in the eye. You know how one word from the North Korean dictator, the whole country responds. It was exactly the same in Brother's Home, one word from Director Park and everyone moves under his order. And it's interesting that the propaganda videos are very reminiscent of something North Korea would put out, but now he's been arrested. The doors to all the buildings in the massive compound are open, sunshine is coming in and it's the best disinfectant.


Victims are speaking with the prosecution. Director Park would say things like, you guys are all evil in society. Even if you were to catch diseases, skin diseases in here, you're not worth being treated. You are scum. You're making South Korea a worse place. They're telling the prosecutors everything. If someone tried to escape, director Park would tell them you are a social evil. And then they would be beaten in front of every single person at the mandatory church segments every single Sunday. Is he the one that's beating people with the boxing gloves or no? Yeah, he and his brother-in-law, pastor Limb Pastor Li is the more religious one. That's his brother-in-law. So this whole compound is really run by director park director Park's wife, Mme. Park, and then her sister and her sister's brother-in-law.


Her sister's Brother-in-law. Yeah, it's like a whole family business And they're just beating people with a boxing glove while renting this religious Yeah. Church Camp. Yeah. And Pastor Lim was, okay, I don't even wanna call him Pastor Lim Lim. He was technically the pastor at the church and he did this. A lot of victims believe he did this because they say when you're a welfare center in South Korea at the time, no one internationally wants to donate. But if you say, Hey, we're a Christian welfare center in South Korea, a lot of Christian churches in America and overseas would donate and they would just steal the donations. Yeah, they, they would even run these big campaigns of, these were kids without homes and we took them in and now we wanna reunite them with their families, but we need money to do that.


We need manpower. So a lot of people overseas was donating to the church and there was a victim who came forward and said, I was a child with a home, parents and siblings. I just couldn't understand why I, I was there, why I was being trapped in this place and being robbed of a proper education. I clearly gave Pastor Li my home address and phone number. I even told him, my parents run a Chinese restaurant. Here is where you need to go and look. They took me to a different neighborhood, found a random Chinese restaurant, threw me in there and said, Hey owner, is this your kid? The owner shook their head because obviously these are not my parents, but they took that as proof that I was not wanted by my family, so I needed to stay in Brother's home. They documented this for people that were donating as for embezzling, it's pretty clear that that is what they're doing.


Another advocate says the brother's home embezzled money by finding loopholes in the government subsidy payments. So when it came to food purchases, for example, they would receive enough money to feed 3000 people. They would only purchase food to feed less than half of that. They got to pocket the rest of the money that's supposed to be spent. The first trial found direct to park guilty and unlawful confinement and embezzlement charges. Oh, they're Actually taken in all of them. Mainly just Director Park. Okay. He was ultimately in prison for 10 years in prison with a $500,000 fine, which is far too lenient. But the problem is Director Park appeals that decision and it goes into a second trial. The second trial results in instead of 10 years in prison, four years in prison, and the new fine is $0.


The sentence is then reduced by more than half and the fine vanishes. And just like that, 600 people died in brother's home and four years. That's all he is getting. Wow. Yeah. But this too gets appealed. And finally his ultimate final sentence gets boiled down, reduced to two and a half years in prison and $0. The main reason for the reduction being, they argued that the unlawful confinement charge, there's no proof. They're saying there's not enough proof that he was holding people against their will, which is about as unhinged as if I were to see a kangaroo building, a three story house in the middle of Central Park. It's just absurd. The logic behind it is not making sense. One victim says, I was a living victim and witness to all the terrifying and horrendous abuses that were happening in there, and that wasn't enough.


What power do we have? The prosecutor was being bullied by the mayor of Pusan as well as the dictator at the time to drop all the charges. So it seems like there was a lot of just corruption to let him out. In two and a half years. He is released and they continue to open up more welfare centers. What? And get government subsidies.


Buying a car is a big decision. A decision you should feel absolutely confident about. And when you shop with CarMax, you will, because CarMax offers a 10 day money back guarantee. So you can feel confident that you made the right choice for you. If you are not completely satisfied with your decision, simply bring it back within 10 days for a full refund. Always shop with confidence at CarMax the way car buying should be. See carmax.com for details.


Spring Fest and Ego Days are here at Lowe's. Right now get a free Select Ego, 56 volt battery with purchase of a select trimmer blower or mower kit. Plus shop today for new and exclusive items you need for your lawn. So get ready for Spring with the latest in innovation from Ego, the number one rated brand in cordless Outdoor Power only. At Lowe's, we help you save. Offer valid through four two Selection varies by location while supplies last.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard IUD like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising


In Squid Game season two. The main character tells the game makers. You take advantage of desperate people with nowheres to turn and you watch as they die one by one to entertain your clients. You say it's their decision to participate like you're trying to sugarcoat it. You act like you're running some charity event. The front man responds. Anyone who died was simply a player who lost the game. Trash eliminated from the competition. And as we speak, the world is filling with more and more trash. You still don't see it, do you? If the world doesn't change, the game doesn't end. The main character responds. You say that it's just the way the world works that we should shut up and accept it and go on with our lives. But that's a story you made up to excuse your atrocities.


I know that people are nothing to you, but animals you think you can buy us like race horses. Director Park thinks like that. He opens up welfare facility after welfare facility, getting all the government funding. The facility is called Siam House. It's a welfare facility for people with disabilities. They received in total over $11 million in just government subsidies and likely tens of millions of dollars more in the forced labor. So why not do it again? And when he finds that to be less exciting financially, he later moves to Australia. The whole family immigrates to Australia and opens up this massive golf course, sports Center, hot springs. And interestingly, he buys a company called Jobs Town and starts operating his business under that name.


One advocate says The golf range and assets in Australia owned by the family, were purchased with funds from Brother's Home. So it was bought using embezzled money. This asset represents blood and sweat of victims and it costs them their lives. Even at the golf range. One employee was brought from Brothers Home in South Korea. He was a victim of Brothers home trapped there. He was flown out to Australia on a visitor visa, meaning he's not allowed to work in Australia. He's a tourist, but he's forced to work 16 hour days at the golf course manually picking up the golf balls, fixing golf equipment, and mowing the lawns if something is not up to standard. He alleges Director Park would use a golf club to beat the hell out of him. He said, if I was in Korea, I would try to run away again, or at least I would try to.


Right? But I was left in this place. I had no money, nothing. Where would I go? I don't even speak the language. To get to the nearest public transit from the golf range, it's about 30 minutes by car park's, adult children. So Mr. And Mrs. Park, the directors, they have adult children. They would see him, director Park, beating this employee at the golf range with a golf club, and they would never try to stop their dad. He says as soon as they saw their dad get the golf club, they would just leave. They would get in the car and run away. In fact, Australian citizens saw this, that park was hitting the employee. So this is clearly, park thinks he can just get away with anything. That day, the lawnmower's tires kept falling off and he wasn't able to cut the grass that well.


That week, the grass had grown, the golf balls are practically hiding, and the grass, he could barely find them. Park is pissed. He grabs a golf club in front of everybody at the golf course and just goes in on the employee. The police are called in Australia. They investigate and nothing, everything goes back to normal. That employee was stuck there for eight years. He said, I just curled up for about 30 minutes and I was unable to move. The youngest daughter, park Tihi, is now the director of the Golf range in Sydney. She and her husband today? Yes. How? How old is she now? Do you know? She's probably in her thirties. Hmm. The golf range is being listed for sale right now for $11 million.


It is poorly maintained, but claims to profit about $300,000 a year. The daughter, she's the one running it. Park, is dead now. But she's posting about going on overseas vacations, international trips. She refuses to talk to reporters. Clearly she knows what's going on. She knows what her parents have done. Her husband later tells her reporter, we're only obligated to answer questions in the court of law, So Park is dead. What about Mrs. Park? And She's alive. Pastor Lim is alive and they're all in Australia. They run a church. Oh my Goodness. Pastor Lim spends his time doing chores, playing golf. One news station tried to get an interview with him, following him, asking him, do you have any intentions of apologizing to the victims?


And he laughed and he said, apologize for what? Wow. Huh. Meanwhile, the victims, for them, they have been suffering for decades. Initially they state the stigma of being a vagrant was worse than the stigma of being a victim. It would be the same as telling someone that you were abused in prison. The general sentiment, albeit wrong, the general sentiment from general society at the time is, but you were in prison. What did you do to get into prison? Then even when they were released from Brother's Home, they would've nowhere to go. They were shipped off to other facilities or just thrown onto the streets. Han writes, the welfare center closed. The young children were put on buses, transferred to other orphanages. The remaining adults were sent home, were welfare center.


Victims came into society without any money. They were scattered like beggars throughout the city. Many victims starved to death throughout the years. So you're saying Pastor Lim and like Mrs. Park and all of them, they're running a church. Yes. So while Director Park went to prison for two and a half years, brother's home shut down. When he was released, they opened a few more welfare centers in South Korea, but they decided we don't really like it. And maybe the law is catching up with us. South Korea is becoming a democracy. So they slowly transfer all their assets to Australia, open up a church, buy a golf range, and now most of them are living in Australia. Their kids, Madden Park. Are they still running that church you think?


Yeah. Yes. How? These are recent interviews. How are they still around? 'cause you know the community is small, right? You think a lot of people don't know the details of what happened. A lot of people don't know. So my dad is an avid news watcher. He's very passionate in politics and with everything going on in South Korea recently, he's very active in putting his voice out there as a citizen and being heard. Right. He doesn't know much about Brother's Home. This is the only case in Korea I've ever asked him. I've asked him about murder cases, that kidnapping cases. He knows so much this. He's like, oh, I know.


It was a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah. So everything was like kind of, it's Very vague. It's like hidden. I think like lots of bad stuff happened for sure. But I, I don't really know what bad stuff. He doesn't even know the names of the people that ran it. Wow. So if they are Pastor Lynn and them still around, then it's Do we know what they look like? Yes. Like all of that. Okay. Then they should be like held accountable. Yeah. You know, people should at least know these are the people renting your church. Yeah. Like this is your pastor. Yeah. The same person was like punching people. Like Committing borderline war crimes. Yeah. Like so many people died Know allegedly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of kids were just thrown into orphanages run by nuns.


'cause Han was sent to this orphanage. The nuns, they were shocked. Kids were licking their dishes with their tongue like dogs because they had been lacking food for so long and the nuns didn't know what to do. Han says it was rough because you know, we were children who had been beaten, tortured almost daily at the welfare center. When we came to live at the orphanage, there was no one beating us or giving harsh discipline. So we just started fighting each other. It's just, you know, I think it's maybe the lack of resources that they had all the, they're on edge. They have all this PTSD trauma. They don't know what to do. And so the nuns have a lot of trouble with them. Han says at the time he was so stuck in the resolving all the conflict inside of him.


But now in hindsight he feels really bad for the nuns 'cause they were just trying. But it must have been scary for them too. It was just an influx of kids coming in. It was a lot. The worst part is right when Brothers Home closed down and everybody was released. Society did not welcome them. Society was warned. The pickpockets are coming. The people that we didn't wanna see, the scum of humans, they were locked up and now they're being released. And if you were trying to get a job and you said you were from Brothers home, they would not hire you. Han says, no one in the world took interest in this issue. At the time, there was no voluntary civil society organizations for human rights. And because the words of the victims weren't covered in any media or news outlets, we couldn't receive any victim compensation.


But also we couldn't even just have people acknowledge what happened to us. Why must we live bearing the truth like this? In Squid Game season two, Kuhn, the main character tells one of this game facilitators, someone like you, you don't get it. You couldn't know or understand how it felt, what it felt like to be in there. What we did to make it out of the games. You have no idea what it was like. Han writes, in the end, the director was sentenced to just over two years in prison for embezzling public funds and violating foreign exchange laws, which has nothing to do with human rights violations. And the case was concluded, inconclusively, there is meaning in human death, is there not for us brothers home victims?


There was no reason for our deaths, our disabilities only. We were just left with stigma. We were all in there dying like dogs. One victim who was released and went on to have her own children states, I can't even sleep without the TV on because the silence is too much. Even if I do fall asleep, I start panicking because the TV is on and I'm asleep. What if someone takes my daughters who's gonna make sure that they're not taken to a place like Brother's Home? I have all these thoughts every time I fall asleep. Another victim states, I didn't even get to graduate from elementary school. So when my son asks me about homework, I can't even help him. It's humiliating. I'm always scared someone's gonna find out. And even now I'm always trying to hide this from everyone and it's just humiliating.


Park Sunni, she was taken in when she was 10. All she did was wait for her older brother at PU train station. She was gonna go stay with him, but the police came and offered to help her find him. She's thrown into the van. Her ponytail is cut off. She's forced to change into a blue track suit. She says the trauma and stigma of those six years will stay with me until the day that I die. She says the biggest memory that she has until this day is one winter, a lady with disabilities wet her pants. The guards grabbed her by the hair and dragged her to the toilet. They grabbed one of those floor mops to clean her body and poured cold water all over her. And when I think about that now I think had I been a bit more mature, I may have been able to protect her.


I know logically speaking, I probably couldn't have been really been able to protect her. But all I did was watch. And that still hurts me so much. We were children with a bright future, but they threw that away. They trampled on our futures. After escaping, she gave birth to a baby girl. She was not released. She escaped. She had been brutally assayed by a guard and she gave birth at 17 to the guard's baby. Her mother forced her to give the baby away for adoption. Soon after that, her father passed away. She says she has children with her new husband and it, they've been married for 21 years. He knows all about her past.


He's the only one that knows and it's still not easy. She says, I've never left my children alone with anyone. Not even once. I didn't even let my own husband hold them until they were over a year old because I mean, they're in his own children, but they're girls. And my trauma was so severe from Brother's home. Even now I can't sleep with the door closed because I actually had him take off the door to our bedroom. If the door is closed, it feels like someone is guarding it even though it's bright outside. I have to keep the curtains completely open when we sleep. I can't have them closed if I'm out in society. And something reminds me of Brother's home. I come home as quickly as I can and I have to take a shot of alcohol from the fridge and then I can't do anything the rest of the day.


She joined a victim's group to talk about what she had been through. And there was this one guard that tried to, she tried to convince him to come. So it that guard was a victim, then was promoted to a guard and started inflicting torture and damage to the other victims. Wow. And she tried to convince him to atone for his sins because that's how he can also get over it. And I think a lot of the victims, yeah, they hated the guards, but to a degree they understood what position they were in. I'm sure some guards were just evil for the pure sake of being evil. But some guards were sympathetic to the others. She says he had cancer. I said, it would be nice for you to just come to the victim's meeting just once before dying and just apologize.


He said he would come, but two days later he called and said he couldn't do it. A little while later I got a random call stating the guard had died and they needed me to ID the body. He had deleted all the phone contacts except from my phone number from his phone. I don't know why he did that. When I went to the mortuary and lifted the white cloth, I should have cried because he's dead. But not even a single tear would come out. I said, brother, this is your karma. Even though he was a victim to, he tortured us as well. Then I went to his house to get photos for his funeral. And the moment I opened his door, I was shocked. The objects, all of his objects were neatly arranged. It's what I do at home too.


I lined them up in order at Perfect Angles. I think it's part of our trauma because we had to go through inspections at Brother's Home. Everything had to be neatly arranged, lined up in order at perfect angles. Even his blanket was folded. Military style with sharp corners. Seeing that made me shutter, she says for her death, she's been thinking a lot about it too. Her only wish is, even if I die tomorrow, I have today. My wish is that we all find a way to live peacefully. Even just for one day, the victims choi, he is the one that was accused of stealing bread from the first episode. He said once he and his brother got out, he was trapped in there with his brother. His brother came later separately.


He said he had such a hard time adjusting back to society, but his brother had it worse. October, 2009, 23 years after the, they were released, he gets a call and Troy's brother had self exited. He says, I went to his house at 11 in the morning and I begged and I held him for hours. I told him, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I wasn't able to protect you. The past at Brother's Home has totally torn us apart, our whole family and cut off our futures. Why? Why did they have to destroy my family like this? Everything I dreamed of was destroyed by the time I was 27, 28. My teeth were falling out by my early thirties. They were all gone. From then on, I lived with dentures.


I couldn't even properly function in society. Now he and most of the victims and survivors cannot live without blood pressure, medication, antidepressants, anti-anxiety meds, diabetes, medications. They have so many health complications and the worst part is sometimes the victims would naturally understandably feel resentment towards their parents instead of the facility. One victim states the police put us in there, but at the time we couldn't even think of holding the state responsible. So we just resented our parents for why didn't you come looking for us while we were in there? I couldn't even call my father. Father for the longest time, Jung, his dad, the toilet paper salesman, Jung actually had a good relationship with his dad. When he was taken into Brother's Home.


His dad looked for him everywhere and he too was taken into Brother's home. He's the one that would stand in front of the bathroom door, hoping for a portal to go back to his dad. When he was released, he was sent to another facility and of course he just keeps trying to get out so he can find his dad. Ultimately, his father passes away within few months of leaving brother's home, his father had found work immediately so he could try to find his son. He was a day laborer. He was found collapsed in a cold kitchen by himself. Jung remembers that day when he got that call. That day was really nice. He said it was so sunny outside, but all Jung could do was sit on the curb and cry for three hours.


He said Tears just kept flowing without any thoughts. I I never got to see my father again. The last image of him is him in that blue tracksuit at Brother's Home. If my father were here, I would tell him I love him. Han says, even though he escaped, they all escaped. He just feels lost in the world. That's the best way to describe what it feels like to be at a brother's home. He wrote a poem about it and it reads cars driving on dark night roads. Where are those cars heading in this late night? Shining bright lights and speeding driving cars. The destinations of those many cars must be the embrace of warm homes I have never experienced. He says that's how I was abandoned by society and fell into a life of wandering.


I wanted to live a normal person life, but society wouldn't accept me. I have no social experience. I was suddenly released into society from the welfare facility. I have nothing. I have no one ever taught me anything. I had no idea what I was supposed to do. I had only become an adult in appearance. That's it. He was sent to prison twice in which one of the guards asked him, you seem like a nice kid, but why is your killing instinct so strong? Han said, what? You know when people talk to each other, you're supposed to look at each other in the eye. I am, aren't I? I am looking you in the eye. Yeah, I guess. But you have eyes like a wild animal, like a beast that's been dragged somewhere foreign or just attacked. You say you're looking someone else in the eyes, but your eyes aren't eyes for conversation.


You should try to fix it. And that's when he started trying to fix his life and get it together. He spends $91 a month on snacks to bring to his sister and dad who are living in the mental institution. It was a big chunk considering he only has $500 to live off of every single month. But it's all he can do for them. He writes, when I bring snacks, I have to divide the cookies and drinks exactly. Equally. If one thing is different, if one person, if my dad or my sister gets one more piece of fight breaks out between the two of them, even though they're old adults, father and daughter, they're like young children. And when I see that, my heart feels so pitiful and sad and I always make sure to divide things accurately in advance.


My doctor told me that treating my father and sister's condition now is impossible. He said it's just stalling further deterioration. So with that, he has been protesting and 33 years later the government signs a reinvestigation. The second Truth and Reconciliation commission is formed. The first case that they take on is the Pusan Brothers Welfare Center Brothers home incident. There's still investigating, but it's, it's difficult considering Director Park and his entire family immigrated to Australia, they've taken all of their assets and in 2016, director Park passed away. Not that they could do anything to him because of the statute of limitations, but ENT are calling for a thorough investigation into who?


At the police stations, which police stations were taking people. One victim states they should conduct a thorough investigation. If the government needs to apologize for anything they should. We need to somehow try and resolve this resentment inside of the victims. One survivor says we were victims of the government's bid to purify the streets ahead of the Olympics. We were swept away like trash. The South Korean government needs to acknowledge what they have done wrong and ask us for forgiveness. But another survivor, rightfully states, because of one family's materialistic and selfish ambitions, they kidnapped and abused thousands of innocent people, all because they wanted to maximize their family's wealth. The family has benefited and is living a good life from the sacrifices that we all made.


Their assets need to be seized and returned to the country. And I hope these will be used to appropriately help the needs of the survivors. The commission is still investigating to this day. Han now makes miniatures of the compound. So the compound in Psen is gone. It's been replaced by apartment buildings and maybe this has to do with the fact that for almost 30 years nobody knew that this was happening. And he makes two scale reconstructed miniatures of the church, right of each building, of the bunks of people in the blue track suits out of clay. Oh, those are made by him? Yeah. Wow. And they're remarkable. Each and every person is different. They all look troubled or sad or in despair. Yet they all have completely unique and different facial expressions.


And he is working on getting to live with his sister again. So he has times where she'll come live with him out of the mental facility. But then because they don't have enough money, sometimes she'll need to go back with his education. Background, trauma. He can only do manual labor jobs. He does have a lot of health issues. And his last dying wish is really just to live with his family. That's why he's constantly calling the government. Hi. Is this the provincial office? By any chance? Are there any haunted houses or abandoned houses? My sister and father have been living in a hospital all their lives, but the hospital says they can't be fully cured. So I wanna live in the countryside taking care of them in some sort of abandoned house. Is there anyone?


They always say no. He says My father and sister are watching me doing all of this hoping, believing that someday their youngest will liberate them. It must be like how I waited for my father at the welfare center, but all I can do now is write about the painful past like this. Unfortunately, he will not be able to bring his dad home. Han's dad was confined in a mental hospital for the past 35 years and has passed away at 75 April 18th, 2022. Even after everything has gone through, Han says, I know that bad thoughts bring bad energy. I believe this because even during welfare center life, I would invariably get beaten when I had bad thoughts. Maybe that's why I pride myself on trying to be positive and having a positive personality.


What we victims probably want most is all the ordinary things that everyone else gets to enjoy. I think our greatest wish is to be ordinary again. So now he is just focusing on bringing his sister home. He says, if that day comes when I can say those words to my sister, although my sister's outward appearance may be that of a 40 something year old, the real 12-year-old sister of mine is hidden inside that body. She'll probably hug me, smiling and say, I only waited a little bit. Don't worry. It was just a little while. So I wait for the day to come when I can carry my sister on my back, the way she used to carry me on her back from school to home. One victim states we were taken there for no reason.


Now we're survivors that are living very difficult lives. I wish that there would be some sort of support. Honestly, that's just how I feel. Han says the only reason he didn't kill everyone was because knowing that if I committed a crime in the moment of anger, the welfare center incident would be buried forever. I tried not to become a killer. I tried to make the welfare center incident known through various legal methods. So did it work. The director was released from prison and is now living large as a tremendously wealthy person without financial loss. Meanwhile, the victims are living with various after effects, worrying about their immediate livelihood. Some are still confined in mental hospitals and other facilities, and many have died. He says, I absolutely did not want the life of the welfare center.


Our family had to forcibly live a life that we never wanted. Our researchers asked, Han, if you could go back to tell your younger self something, what would you say? He says, if I could go back and tell my younger self something was you did okay, you did well, you endured it. When asked about his biggest regrets, he says, I would not say the things to my sister that the guards made me say. They made people lose hope. Even in religion, usually when people go to a place of worship, they feel hopeful that their God or deity will help them. At Brother's home, they would tell us to pray. Pray that your parents come to get you, otherwise you'll never get out. Han said that he did. As instructed, he prayed for his dad and he says, I regret it because I felt the answer to my prayer was my father ending up in the same place as me, but as a prisoner.


So I always felt like it was my fault. And he says that he has a message for our viewers. He says, I hope that as viewers hearing about this incident didn't cause you too much pain. But to prevent such incidents like this from happening not only in Korea but around the world, I believe it's crucial that when the policies are being created, you take an interest and we inform ourselves accurately. You should raise your voice and support what needs to be supported and oppose things that need to be opposed through opposition. It's through active engagement that we can prevent situations like what happened to my family from ever occurring again. Han writes, people will find false comfort looking at incidents, thinking, well, such things won't happen again in the future.


Right? If the same situation happens again though, what are you gonna say? It could be you then, or it could be your loved ones. Will you then care and reveal the damage when that time comes? Han has a beautiful poem that reads the life given to me. Someone trampled from the beginning. I want to get up, but I can't. Every time I try to stand up with courage, it presses down on me. I try shouting. Why are you doing this to me? No one hears. No one tries to listen. No one tries to look at the trampled life. It is beautifully accurate and tragic. And that is the case of Brother's Home.


The final part of the real life inspiration of Squid Games, and a lot of people wonder is this truly the inspiration behind the TV show? The director that created the series, the previous project that he worked on was a movie called Silenced Oh. Which is about the school for children with disabilities and all of the abuse that was happening there. So it does seem like he is yes aware of a lot of these cases that are ongoing in South Korea and it does appear that he must have come across Brother's home. I don't know to what extent he was inspired, but yeah, leave your thoughts in the comments. Stay safe and I will see you in the next one.


It's game time and if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 or get 150 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's Red Hot Hunch. 21 plus in present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is notable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Have you experienced serious complications with the para guard? I uud like breakage or fracture? You're not alone. Keller Postman is here to help Tap the banner now for a free case review. We're helping women hold manufacturers accountable. If eligible, you may be entitled to compensation of up to $200,000. Don't wait. Tap now or visit iud injury.com/audio to see if you qualify your Health Matters and justices within reach. Tap the banner or visit iud injury.com/audio to get started today. This is attorney advertising.