
Ramble.


Hi everyone. Gone South. The award-winning true crime documentary podcast series is back now with new episodes weekly. Tune in every week. As writer and host, Jed Lipinski shares a different story about one of the most interesting crimes that took place below the Mason Dixon line, usually told by the person who committed the crime, the person who solved it, or both. Gone South not only sheds fascinating insights into the criminal mind, but also into human nature. Enjoy this preview.


In the 1990s, the most popular way to manufacture methamphetamine was the pseudo ephedrine reduction method. Basically, this involved getting your hands on a lot of over the counter cold medicine like Sudafed crushing up the pills and mixing the powder with a solvent to isolate the pseu ephedrine inside you then reduced it with chemicals like iodine or red phosphorus. In just a few hours you had methamphetamine. But before Pseu ephedrine came into fashion, meth cooks were limited to what's known as the P two P method. P two P stands for fennel two Propanol. It was the main precursor chemical used to manufacture meth. Meth cooks, whether they were making it in a lab or a bathtub, mixed P two P with other precursor chemicals to make the drug as meth.


Game popularity. In the late seventies, though, fennel two propone was classified as a controlled substance, and the common precursors like ether were tightly restricted. Chemical companies started reporting suspicious orders to the DEA. So in 1983, when a chemical manufacturer in New Jersey learned that an individual in Atlanta with no apparent connection to a laboratory or institution had just placed an order for 15 drums of ether, they immediately contacted the DEA. That's how Steve Peterson learned about it. That's a lot of freaking ether. You've gotta be making huge quantities to buy ether in that quantity. You know what I mean?


Not long after Steve joined the storefront, his team spoke with the Ether manufacturer in New Jersey. They learned that Darryl was due to pick up all 15 drums from an Atlanta distributor in a few weeks time. So DEA got permission to drop a tracking device for what Steve calls a beeper into one of the drums before Darryl picked them up. I call it a beeper because this is before we had GPS. So this thing just emitted a signal, a beep, and you had to be line of sight in order to receive the beep. And you looked at it on a little screen and it, it kind of looked like Pac-Man. You know, you followed the little dots. And if we were traveling, you would follow the little dots as, okay, well you must be turning left because the dots are turning left.


Looking back now, it's almost as if we were in the Fred Flintstone days judging from today's technology. But back then, this is all cutting edge stuff. On the day, Darrell arrived at the distributor, Steve's partner, Terry, was inside the warehouse, posing as an employee. Steve and other agents were parked outside in unmarked vehicles, a small single engine Cessna, owned by the DEA circled high above monitoring Darryl's movements. Steve watched Darrell pull up in a cargo van and load all 15 drums. Even at a distance, he could tell Darryl was nervous. He appeared very paranoid 'cause he was constantly looking around.


He just looked like an average guy, just some schmo, you know? He wasn't intimidating. He he wasn't threatening looking. When Darryl pulled away, Steven, the other agents followed, And we follow him all around the city of Atlanta. He's driving all this different way. I assume he's looking to see if he's picked up surveillance or if anybody's following him. He's making somewhat of a circuitous route. And he ends up at a mini warehouse, a mini storage facility, and he rented maybe a 20 by 30 space, and he put all 1555 gallon drums in that space, closed the door, put a lock on it, and he drove away. Steven, his team followed Darrell to a big house on a sprawling 10 acre lot in Roswell, an affluent suburb of Atlanta with manicured lawns and pristine homes.


Sitting in the driveway were a Rolls Royce, a Mercedes, a Porsche, and a Cadillac. He had Harley Davidson motorcycles. He had boats. I mean he had all kinds of toys, all kinds of toys. Steve hadn't been with DEA for long, but he knew enough to know that most meth cooks didn't live this way. They usually lived in rundown homes in remote or rural areas where the smell produced by the chemicals was less noticeable. And Darryl Smith didn't fit the profile of your typical meth cook. And is it fair to ask like what a more typical meth manufacturer would have looked like at that time? Like it, it's not a medical student.


No. So normally your typical manufacturer is like this broken down, skinny, old, no tooth idiot, who doesn't really understand chemistry, but understands if you mix A and B, you're going to get C. They don't really understand the chemical breakdowns. They don't really understand the chemistry behind it. They just, it's like me cooking. I don't know how to make spaghetti sauce, but I know if I put tomatoes in a pot and smush 'em, And, I, add a few more other things, I can get something I can live with. It's not gonna taste like Olive Garden, but at least it's something. Yeah, you know what I mean exactly. But when we learned about his background, and he's got a medical degree, he's a graduate from medical school and he's making meth, of course, the first thing comes to mind is, who's he working for?


Back at the office, Steve filed a court order to look at Darrell's tax returns. He wanted to see how Darrell claimed to be making money. So we were able to see that he was claiming a large amount of income as a professional gambler. He played poker. I know he went to London a lot. He went and gambled in England. He gambled in Vegas a lot. So Steven, some agents in Las Vegas started reaching out to casinos. They learned that Darrell was well known in the local gambling circuit. The casinos keep impeccable records as to who are the winners and losers, so they know. So we were learning that Darrell was, he was a gambler, big gambler, but he wasn't a big winner. Occasionally he'd win a couple hundred thousand, but more often than not, he would lose hundreds of thousands of dollars at a time.


And the casinos loved him because he was putting a lot of money in them. Darrell wasn't affording his lifestyle through gambling. So Steve ran a search to see if Darrell or his wife owned or operated any businesses that would account for the home, the cars, and the boats. We found out that between he and his wife, they ran and owned a nail salon just a few miles from his house up in Roswell. So she had a nail salon that she ran. So when we didn't have things going on at the store, I would often at times, just go pocket the nail salon in the parking lot. And, I would just sit on the nail salon and watch to see how many people would come and go. And by watching the nail salon and realizing how many customers showed up during the day, you would go, man, this guy's only had like 10 customers a week.


This doesn't justify depositing $50,000 in cash from the nail salon. That doesn't make sense. By this point, it seemed obvious to Steve and Terry that Darrell was involved in the drug trade, but the only evidence they had was that industrial sized order of ether. They hadn't seen him manufacture methamphetamine. They also didn't know where the lab site was, or if one even existed. One afternoon, Steve was staking out the nail salon when he saw Darryl pull up. He was driving the same cargo van he'd used to pick up the barrels of ether months earlier. So we have not seen this van. This van has been missing. It's not been at his house. We'd never seen it at his house. We didn't know where he kept it, but the van shows up.


And so I was like, holy crap. The van's here, And. I'm by myself sitting in a parking lot. When Darryl and his wife left to grab lunch, Steve crawled under the van with a beeper. I think I had just stuck the beeper on the underside of the van when I look over and here's these two legs standing next to me at the van, and then the van door opens, and it's Daryl getting in. So now I'm like frozen under the van, trying not to move, hoping he's not gonna, you know, look underneath the van. But he gets in, van starts it up, I'm underneath there and I'm thinking, holy crap, what am I gonna do now? And he puts it in reverse and he backs outta pocket spot. And as he does this, I just hang onto the drive shaft and it just, I kind of pull myself up, suspend myself under the van, and he kind of drags me backwards.


And then when he puts it in drive to go forward, I just let go and kind of suck it up a little bit. And I, he drives right over me. As soon as he drove off, I jumped up, got my car, and we started following him. This time, Steve followed Darrell to a different house, one he'd never seen before. This one was small in a rural area, tucked away in a cul-de-sac to the untrained eye. This house was totally normal and an unlikely place for a meth lab. But by now, Terry had learned that when it came to Darrell Smith, appearances could be deceiving.


For full episodes, follow Gone, South, and Odyssey Original podcast. Available now on the Free Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts.