
This is Stephanie Sue of Rotten Mango, brought to you by Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals Today. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book co incorporated. Toyota. Let's go places.


Appliances and home systems all tend to break down at some point, but with an American Home Shield warranty, you're covered when your fridge is on a lifeline and your faucet won't stop leaking. A HS will fix or replace covered parts of your home systems and appliances no matter how old they are. Not to mention as a benefit with select plans, you can video chat with your live repair experts to help assess or fix the issue on the spot. American Home Shield. Don't worry, be warranty. Get 20% off any plan at ahs.com/rotten c ahs.com/contracts for coverage details including Service fees, limitations and exclusions. Badabing Badoo.


If you go to Utah, there's this small town called Ivans. If you ever thought to yourself, Hey, I wanna live on Mars, this is where you're gonna go. It's like living in the center of a giant crater on the surface of Mars. The entire town is pretty much sunken in, in the center. And then surrounding the town, you have these massive hard-edged mountains. It's not green, there's no trees on them. They're like this very beautiful shade of red. They're Red Rock mountains. It's beautiful until you keep looking at the pictures on Google images because then you start getting freaked out. There's something about it that feels like beyond the mountains, there's just nothing.


It's just desert. You cannot even find any shade really. In Ivans, Utah, there's no trees. You go to your backyard, it's like a red canyon, you feel like a little scorpion is about to crawl out into your house. And instead of trees, they have these green balls, like think of like watermelons without the stripes. And they're pokey, they're, they're cactuses all over your lawn. That's it. It's, it's a true desert. I don't even know if it gets that windy. Just think of a barren landscape. But it's beautiful. It looks so pure. It's like a unique kind of aesthetic that the locals love. And there's only 10,000 locals in the small town of Ivans, Utah.


You go to Ivans, Utah because you wanna live peacefully. You wanna live quietly. And more importantly, you wanna live very privately, especially if you pay for a $5 million house in Ivans, Utah, that typically means you wanna be left alone. August 30th, 2023 in this very secluded wealthy neighborhood, a 12-year-old boy crawls out the window of a $5.3 million house. He's dressed in this men's blue button down dress shirt, like you know those dress shirts, but it's, it's kind of swallowing him up. It looks like he took it from his older brother's closet. He has on a pair of shorts and a pair of socks, no shoes.


His legs look quite frail. The way he walks is reminiscent of a baby giraffe that learned to walk not too long ago. He's not stumbling. It's not like he's so shaky, but it just looks like he's either injured or very uncomfortable walking. It could be the duct tape that's wrapped tightly around his ankles. It even looks like underneath the duct tape, there's some sort of plastic Saran wrap underneath. And he has this long, very scorching hot walk ahead of him. He's just wearing socks. This is August 30th. No trees, no shade. You're looking at a hundred degree weather. But because there's no shade, the pavement reaches about 140 degrees Fahrenheit. Put that into perspective.


It would be like if you took a cast iron skillet, put it on the stove top, kept it on high heat for five minutes, took it off, and then put your foot directly onto it. That's what it feels like. And that is what this 12-year-old boy has just crawled out of the window to do. He has to walk in this weather with just socks to the neighbor's house this whole place. It's not a neighborhood in the traditional sense. I mean it is a neighborhood, but they're filled with $5 million houses. The houses are really far apart. They're almost a few blocks apart, if you will. You don't pay $5 million in Ivan's, Utah to live on top of your neighbor. So the space in between each home feels at least like a few blocks.


And there's only three finished homes in this entire neighborhood so far, which means this little boy has two shots, two chances, and the duct tape around his ankles and wrists are not helping. The sun is probably melting the tape into his wounds. He's already dehydrated. He's been starved just two seconds out in that level of heat, he likely feels lightheaded and just the friction from walking with socks on that type of pavement can instantly cause burns and blisters. The first house that he walks to, he quietly approaches the door and he takes a few steps towards the front. He sees the doorbell, reaches out, presses it, and he just waits. He's waiting by the front door very politely.


Even he doesn't bang on it immediately. I mean, I would expect him to, considering this could be life or death for him. But this 12-year-old boy just waits very patiently. He stands still for 40 seconds waiting for that door to open. He was so still that I actually thought I paused the footage. Eventually he calmly knocks on the door and waits again. If there is nobody home, if they come back to get him, it is all over. This boy's condition is only getting worse and it's likely that the wounds are gonna get infected very soon. So he waits and he's so still as if like If he were to move, the homeowner would be so scared they wouldn't open the door.


But again, nobody answers, which means there's only one more house that he can try and that's If he can even make it to the house. So he starts walking and like I said, there are three finished homes in this neighborhood. One home that he's running from, one where nobody's home. They didn't answer the door. And now he just has the last one, the third house. He walks up and he rings the doorbell. This woman's voice, it's like a automated message starts telling him redacted. Can't come to the door right now, but if you'd like to leave a message, you can do it right now. He just stands there for a brief second because that means nowhere. There's nowhere else he can run. He has to go back to the house.


I don't think he could run onto the main road. There's nobody around. And if they know that he's gotten out of the window, they're gonna find him and it's just gonna be that much worse for him. He waits for a brief second before turning around, and you can see his shoulder slump visibly in the footage and his head is hanging and he starts walking away from the last home's front door. This is like almost positively the very last chance that he has at survival and it's gone. So he didn't leave a message, he just walked away. No, he did not. Yeah, he takes about 20 steps. He's about to fully leave the front area of the house when the door clicks open and this old man comes out.


Yes. And this little boy is so calm. Hi. I was just wondering if you could do me two favors. The little boy walks a little bit closer to the neighbor, but he's keeping his distance. And the neighbor, he kind of sounds like a grumpy old man. Well, what are they taking me to? The nearest police station. Actually, it's just one favor is fine. It's likely by this point the old neighbor spots the duct tape around his wrists and ankles and he just looks so frail like he hasn't had a real meal in weeks. And he says, what's going on, son? Have a seat here. This is the starting point to all the secrets that start coming out of what was happening in that $5 million house in Ivans, Utah.


Two children were being held captive in a giant safe room, tied up with ropes. They had physical injuries that go deep down into the flesh, almost hitting the muscles and the bones, and then they would have cayenne pepper just poured into them. There's evidence of forced starvation, forced to walk around in the desert, barefoot forced to sleep outside authorities would later state had it not been now, these kids might not have made it. The two kids that were being held captive and tormented are the kids of a famous YouTuber, a family vlogger who daily vlogged most of her life as a mother to six children. This is the case of Ruby Frankie and Jodi Hildebrand.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the Biz Parents Foundation. They're a nonprofit organization devoted to protecting professional child performers and their rights. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we would also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. Today's case involves some very well-known names in the mommy blogger, family blogger world, Ruby and Kevin Frankie, and then their six children, best known by their channel name, eight passengers. We're gonna be using the names of the two eldest children. So you have Sherry, the eldest daughter, and Chad.


They are legal age and have publicly spoken out about Ruby, but we will only be referring to the four youngest children as either their first initial or just vaguely the son, the daughter, regardless of if their info's already out there. Additionally, Sherry, Frankie recently published a book that I read as research for this case, and I would recommend getting a copy or 10 just to show support for Sherry. The book is titled The House of My Mother. It is so well written and she somehow, it's very interesting. She somehow is able to put into words what she felt during these very extreme times of duress. And it was so strange because even though I've never gone through anything remotely similar the way she words it, I feel like I can relate.


It's very emotionally impactful and I think it's a book that really makes you think and gives you pause about the world of family vlogging. She's also just a phenomenal writer, but also a very impressive source of inspiration for all. So please check that out. That's gonna be in the show notes. But as for content warnings, there are quite a few graphic themes of ca as well as food restrictions and wilderness therapy camps. And second to last disclaimer, the Franks are part, or were part of the LDS church. We are not here to discuss the church as a whole. And the actions of the perpetrator should not be generalized as a representation of the religion itself. This is not an attack on the LDS faith or the church. Ruby Frankie just happens to be part of that church and she sometimes happens to use the teachings to carry out her abuse.


So with that being said, this is gonna be a three part series because of the renewed interest in this case, with the new documentary that was released, I received a ton of requests to cover the case. And initially I was thinking, okay, I'm gonna keep it on the slimmer side, considering how much coverage this case has gotten over the years. But the deeper that we kept getting into it, I mean there's just no way to sum anything up. Even reading Sherry's book and researching this case, there's so much insight and this case is an change for a lot of people. And for that reason, if you are maybe one of the few people who haven't heard much about the case or haven't gotten a deep dive, this is gonna be a three part episode in part one, we're gonna go through Ruby Frankie's YouTube career, the signs of abuse that a lot of medicines started picking up from the beginning, the evidence that she practically uploads straight to the internet herself, and how Ruby Frankie getting quote unquote canceled, leads to her becoming more abusive and more extreme.


And in part two, we're gonna cover Jodi Hildebrandt. This is Ruby's marriage counselor. Her therapist turned cult leader. And all the lives that Jodi Hildebrandt has intentionally destroyed as a so-called porn therapist. Jodi Hildebrandt has other alleged victims to her abuse and was probably fighting to be the world's worst marriage counselor. She would infiltrate marriages and instigate divorces. She would ruin people's lives. And the speculation is she might have a deep rooted hatred for men. So in part two, we're also gonna go over the alleged romantic relationship between Ruby Frankie and Jodi Hildebrandt. In part three, we go through Ruby and Jodi fully just jumping into cult territory.


Ruby's lengthy journals detailing day by day of the torture that she's inflicting on her own children. And what Ruby's husband, Kevin, he's like a huge point of conversation in all of this. He's the father of the six children. People are wondering what was he doing during all of this and why wasn't he charged? Really? Yes. So that's gonna be in part three. And with that being said, let's get started. It's called the Rabbit stick room. It kind of looks like a back room. It's got that like nasty, dark Navy carpet. There's a full fabric couch up against the wall on one side, and they've got those white circular plastic fans.


And the lighting is just back rooms. It's abandoned office lighting. It's fluorescent. It makes everything look so depressing. Every single Friday, the door to the rabbit stick room opens and a bunch of teenagers walk in. What's Rabbit stick? That's just how they call it. Yeah, Rabbit stick. A rabbit stick. Okay. A bunch of teenagers walk in, they don't even know each other. These are not friends. They're not part of the same school. They're just random strangers that happen to be teenagers. They're all given a new set of clothes and they're all just wearing similar things. Go change into these clothes and take this time to say goodbye to life as you know it. Because from now on, life is about survival.


The world is changing. Life is not gonna be easy anymore. Do you think you have time to sit there and ponder about social media and play video games? You don't now. It's about staying alive. It's about finding food out in the wild. I mean, there's no choice. You have to fend for yourself and this is your life now. All you get, every single teenager just gets a backpack. All their belongings are in this backpack. Whatever they need to survive in the Arizona wildlife, in the wilderness, if they lose something, if they lose that backpack, it's gone. Life's not fair. You don't get a replacement. How old are they? 12 to 17. The most important supplies are a giant piece of tarp in a sleeping bag.


That's where you're gonna sleep from now on. You don't get shelter, you don't get a tent the first week. They say it's a lot about processing the grief. You lost your family, you lost your friends, you lose good food. Just a warm, nice meal with a lot of carbs. Sounds amazing. Or even just music and books. You don't have, you don't have anywhere to put a heavy book in your backpack. You gotta carry this backpack around with you everywhere. You're walking like five, 10 miles a day, you are gonna bring books. You are gonna bring a whole trilogy set, and then the next phase hits. The teenagers start finding ways to survive, which typically means they go through a three day fasting period because that's what life is out like in the wilderness.


Food is not a guarantee. Neither is toilet paper or comfort or really anything that lasts five to six weeks. And probably for every single second of it, you feel like you're not gonna make it. This is the Anasazi Wilderness Therapy camp for teenagers. It feels like doomsday. It feels like the end of the world. These teenagers are thrown into the wilderness. They're forced to fend for themselves because they don't listen to their parents at home. The camp calls the teenagers. Young walkers Kind of creepy. So you will see a group of teenagers just walking in the desert. They have supervisors, they have camp counselors or shadows as they like to call them, that you can go to.


I mean, you can't really go to them for anything 'cause you're supposed to survive on your own. You just see them trekking five, 10 miles per day. Wow. Some of these kids were kidnapped to be here. The wilderness camp, if they feel like you're not gonna come willingly, consensually, your parents can sign a little slip and they will come kidnap you in the middle of the night. Some kids said, my parents told me we were going to Disneyland and now I'm eating a lizard because I'm starving. Wow. So this is like, you know, remember the Chinese case that we covered? Yes. That parents will kidnap the kid, throw them into like this concentration. Yes. Type of, yeah. This is that. And there's so many of them in the United States.


They go out into the wilderness in Arizona, and according to Anasazi, they quote, they live a primitive lifestyle and learn the skills and technologies of the ancient ones. Young walkers learn to cook their own meals. Food packs are replenished weekly and they learn to build shelters to protect themselves from the elements. They may hike up to 10 miles in a day and seldom camp in the same place for more than two nights. If you are a teenager, 12 to 17 years old and you struggle with any sort of behavioral challenges, this is what Anasazi listed as depression, anxiety, poor self-image, low self-esteem, substance abuse, internet gaming, technology, addiction, learning difficulties, relational problems with family, trauma abuse, bipolar disorder, disrespect, authority, peer conflict, legal troubles, poor social skills, immaturity, lack of motivation.


If you mark any one of those, you are more than welcome to join Anasazi. Well, you're not more than welcome. Your parents are more than welcome to sign you up and pay us money. There is no way, not a single person listening to this does not check off at least one of those boxes. I feel like I'm a full grown adult. I'm not even a teenager, and I check off almost all of them. It's basically a desperate cash grab targeted towards parents who don't know how to raise a teenager. And they decide the best solution in all of this is what if we just don't raise them? What if we just send them into the wilderness for two months straight? One medicine says I was forced to go cold Turkey on my alcohol addiction and I was terribly sick because of that.


I wanted to self exit and I desperately needed help. I told the therapist that's supposed to be part of our group, that I needed more time with them because I was only getting 15 minutes of therapy per week. That's part of the program. They tell you, you get a therapist. They told me that the therapy was the hiking I was doing. They continue. In addition, there were two days that my group's only water source was from leftover, like a leftover cow trough, just mixed with actual cow shit in the water supply. We drank it by the end of my stay. I could barely walk. My last night I laid down on a bunch of rocks and I couldn't sleep because the coyotes were just howling all night. It sounded like they were only a couple dozen feet away from me.


I kept crying to the staff at night telling them that I was so scared. They finally gave up and transported me to another treatment center. One review of Anasazi reads, I am begging you do not send your teen here. This program is abusive, horrific, and sold as this amazing program that's gonna straighten out your troubled teen with a strong focus on God. It's not, it's an excuse for sadistic, unqualified people to abuse your teenagers. I cannot put into words how twisted the people running and working this program are. There is nothing helpful or positive about making teens hate themselves. One journalist who went to Anasazi says they saw a 16-year-old boy lunch lightning speed at a lizard to eat because food is rationed at Anasazi.


They get a week's worth of food at a time, and each day is rationed for only 2000 calories per day for a growing teenager, even for like a pretty sedentary lifestyle for a growing teenager. You need more than that and you're just sitting at your computer. They're hiking five, 10 miles a day. If you eat up your food or someone steals your food, which seems to happen a lot, then you are just left offend by eating wild plants, lizards, and bugs. Anasazi becomes a huge topic for conversation on YouTube. After a famous family, vlogger decides that she's gonna send her 14-year-old son to Anasazi. And it's already bad enough that everyone on the internet sees comments from Zens talking about how bad their time was at Anasazi, how they wanted to self exit after coming out.


How they irreparably like just absolutely obliterated their relationship with their parents after being sent to Anasazi. They're reading all of this and this YouTuber is just happily sending her son. There s are outraged, they're confused. And the YouTuber son's name is Chad. The worst part in all of this is after two months in the wilderness, Chad comes back home and he's actually gained weight when he was out there. What? And he says on camera that he loved his experience, but a lot of ants are confused. What are his conditions at home and how are they worse than Anasazi?


How did he gain 10 pounds, hiking 10 miles a day in the wilderness? That doesn't make sense. Is this still running today? The program? Yes. Wow.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here, providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Anyway, you bank.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Whatever your summer looks like, there is one essential companion you cannot forget. That is Liquid iv. Summer is not just a season, it is a lifestyle. Living your best summer means keeping your body fueled and hydrated with Liquid iv with just one stick of liquid iv. Your 16 ounce water bottle transforms into this superhero of hydration. This is not another sports drink either. We're talking about a scientifically crafted hydration solution that delivers three times the electrolytes of leading competitors. Liquid IV Hydroscience optimizes a blend of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients designed to transform your ordinary water into this powerhouse of nutrition and energy. And of course, liquid IV is always non GMO vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free and soy-free. Break the mold and own your ritual. Get ready for summer with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code rotten at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code rotten@liquidiv.com.


Every parent knows that feeling. Your child asks for homework. Help on a topic you haven't touched since your own school days. Or perhaps your young learner is racing ahead in the classroom. Materials. IXL offers the educational support that they need. IXL is an award-winning online learning platform with comprehensive coverage from pre-K through high school graduation. IXL is used in 96 of the top 100 school districts in the us. One of my nieces just got accepted into a competitive grade school program and besides celebrating, the first thing that my sister did was ensure that she was set up with IXL. The curriculum has changed so much from when my sister and I were at school. We were nervous about not being able to help as she progresses, but thankfully I Xcel has it covered. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get I Xcel now and Rotten Mango listeners can get an exclusive 20% off I Xcel membership when they sign up today at i xcel.com/rotten. Visit i xl.com/rotten to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


This whole thing feels like doomsday for YouTuber, Ruby, Frankie, the whole world is falling apart. The apocalypse is coming. Everything is dying. And it kind of all starts with Disneyland. It's interesting. There's a lot of people who really want to be good at something and then there's a lot of people who don't really care if they're good at something. As long as you think that they are good at something, they all say the same thing. So it's very hard to differentiate who is who. Like who actually wants to be good at it and who just wants to be seen to be good at it. It is pretty clear Ruby, Frankie just wants to be seen as a good mom. I don't know if she had any intention to actually be a good mom. Kevin says that in their religion, they're taught the only purpose in life is to become a parent.


That's the goal. That's what everyone should strive to. But if everybody gets there, then how are you special? So Ruby's new mission is to be the perfect mom, but it's not just enough for all of her family members to be like, Ruby, you're such a good mom. For her to walk into church and they say, Ruby, I don't know how you do it with six kids. That's not good enough. She wants strangers at the mall to tell her that she's a good mom. She wants to maximize the amount of praise that she gets. So she needs a larger audience. And that is the birth of the YouTube channel eight passengers. Ruby is family vlogging. Now, side note, Kevin says the name of the channel is very symbolic.


We are all in this vehicle together with our family driving down this road called Life. The first video ever uploaded is of Ruby standing around the kitchen island. And she's got five kids with her. She's got the eldest daughter, Sherry, then she has the son Chad. Then she has two daughters and another son. And there's a cake in front of her 'cause it's a gender reveal. She's about to have her sixth and final kid. When Was this? A long Time ago? Yeah, this was years ago, like almost 10 years ago. Oh wow. They cut into the sponge cake and the cake is pink. They're having a baby girl. They've got two sons and four girls.


And Ruby says, you know, the main purpose of this channel is I just want our channel to be a ray of sunshine in a world where people just criticize each other and make each other feel bad. And we're here to show that happy families are a reality. I love coming and doing little simple things with my family because it just makes all my worries go away just for a little bit. But it all falls apart at two in the morning. Chad, the eldest son, he wakes up the youngest son. So there's two boys. The youngest son is probably what, like 10, probably like seven years old at this point. And he's like, wake up, we're going to Disneyland. It's a surprise. You gotta pack your stuff and we gotta go get your sunglasses, get your sun hat.


Don't forget your sunscreen. Chad is telling the little boy, this is the same one that was walking in the neighborhood. The little boy. Yes. So Chad is telling his little brother, come on, you gotta get all of your stuff. And he's so excited. He starts packing all of his things, shoving them into a suitcase. He starts hauling them like down the stairs. He's ready to go to Disney. This is gonna be a family road trip. I mean, this is probably gonna be the highlight of the whole year. And maybe it's even more convincing because they're, the parents are YouTubers. YouTubers do crazy things all the time. But the whole thing is a prank. It's like a relatively innocent prank. Chad is goofing around. They're not going to Disneyland. Oh, Chad is p pranking the little brother.


Yeah. Which, and then the parents are recording this? No. Oh, the parents wake up in the middle of the night to the younger brother crying because he was so excited to go to Disneyland. I see. And now Chad is in very big trouble. This is the start of doomsday for Ruby. Frankie almost a year later, summer of 2020, Ruby is sitting up on the floor. She is leaned up against the wall with her son Chad and her other daughter on her other side. So she's in the middle. She's sandwiched and just vlogging. When Chad just casually mentions, he just says, my bedroom was taken away for seven months and then you gave it back like a couple weeks ago. And Ruby just starts cheesing.


Like she's got this big old gummy smile and she's, I don't think our viewers know that. Yeah, I'm sleeping on a beanbag since October and they gave me my room back like two weeks ago. My phone's been taken since like December. I mean I I, I can give you the reason why I lost my bedroom, or at least I think this is the reason, at least this is the reason that's been in my head. I mean, it's pretty funny. But now that I look back at it, I guess it's pretty depressing. And Ruby says, no, we never told our viewers. And Chad goes on to explain that. I woke my brother up at two in the morning and I told him that we're going to Disneyland and he has to pack. And he made his bed and all neatly, he packed all of his clothes in the suitcase. And then he walked out the door and he's like all happy.


He has his sunglasses on. And Chad is kind of smiling a little bit, giggling a little bit while sharing the story because I mean, it's truly an innocent prank. Yeah. Between siblings and then also he's in a vlog. So I would imagine he's not like, yeah, this is why I got my bedroom taken away. I don't know. But Ruby starts yelling, do you think that's funny? If you think it's funny, then that was seven months ago. Maybe you need longer without a bedroom. And she's glaring at him like a little Karen. And he says, no, it, it wasn't funny. Ruby explains that's why the bedroom setup has been this way with the younger son getting a bigger bedroom than the older son who's a teenager.


And Chad has been, has been given a very small bedroom, but even that's been taken away. She says quote, he didn't get anything. He was sleeping on the floor in the family room and he just got his bedroom back. And that's because he's shown up consistently without bullying the kids. Chad also hasn't had a flip phone, smartphone, any kind of phone. And it's been over a year. Then she turns the camera to her younger daughter and we took her phone away in November and you may never get your phone back. The younger daughter just responds. Yeah, probably not. If I was to go back and redo anything in parenting, this is Ruby telling her viewers it would be to not give the kids a phone on both side of her.


These are teenagers, they just look like they're forced to be here. And now Ruby is taunting them. Like you're never gonna get your phone back. It's just all sorts of weird. But the saddest part is in the background. You can hear Chad saying, well now I have no friends. And Ruby turns the camera to him and says, you can play with your friends. Chad is trying to explain no, like I don't have friends. The younger daughter chime in. I don't have friends either. Chad says he has a new summer goal because he doesn't have friends to hang out with and he doesn't have a phone and he might not even have a bedroom that he's just gonna focus on becoming the best athlete that he can. He loves football. Ruby asks him, and how do you feel about not having any friends?


Sucks, but I don't feel safe or accepted in any friend group. So, well that was really vulnerable for you to say that on camera. And then she just skips over Chad's feelings and says, what I have seen as a parent, when you decide to take things away, you really do want your kids to have these things. And it's been so, so difficult to take a phone away, to take a bedroom away, to take iPads away, to take access away. It hurts me as much as it hurts my kids like feeling bad, like I feel bad, which Chad calls her out on that. So then what do you mean you have no intention of giving our phones back? I mean, it doesn't seem like you feel that bad about it then.


And she just excuses her behavior in this 18 minute vlog, three of her six kids expressed to Ruby Frankie that they feel sad and upset because they have no friends. And I don't know, maybe I have too much religious trauma, but this reminds me of the Sunday school teachers that force you to open up about something you're insecure about. And then they tell you thanks for being so vulnerable, and then turn around and condemn you to the deepest, darkest pits of hell. And then you're like, oh, what was that for? Why did I even say anything? Interestingly enough, Ruby sees nothing wrong with this whole situation to the point where she's willing to post it online. Even her editor, which has probably seen some insane things come from this woman, they think this is gonna be the highlight of the entire vlog.


They can kind of edit around this bed conversation and highlight it as the focal point. Teenage son doesn't have a bedroom for seven months. Ruby uploads the final video makes it live and all hell breaks loose. The comments are coming in at full speed. I feel so bad for the kids. She is cre. Her parenting is horrible. These parents are insane. Imagine insisting that your kids under 10 manage their electronics independently while you yourself literally can't put your phone away to stop filming even when your children are completely, clearly uncomfortable being filmed and hide from the camera. Eight passengers, more like six prisoners. You've got to be kidding me. Ruby Frankie is a disgusting mother.


Bitch. I hope you die in your sleep. These are the comments. Hi. I just wanted to tell you that I hope you rot in hell. You're disgraced to the LDS community. You should be excommunicated. You're a godless woman. And with these comments and with this video, everything starts tanking. I mean, they say the descent into hell is gradual. This feels like a broken elevator just dropping to the ground. Full speed. And the only person inside is Ruby. Frankie. This channel goes from making $1,600 a day in just ad revenue. That's not including brand partnerships. That's just people clicking on her videos. She's making close to $600,000 a year on this YouTube channel. Their daily views drop by more than 50% and the bulk of their earnings, they come from brand partnerships, which she's pulling deals with like Clorox, narwhal, luggable.


This is like wholesome family vlog branding. None of them wanna be associated with a mom who spends all of her energy scheming up cruel and unusual punishments for her kids. So seeing as their business is going down, Ruby and Kevin take probably the most ill-advised action that they could in this situation, which is allegedly mass delivering a bunch of seasoned desist letters to creators that were talking about their parenting like commentary channels. Listen, I don't know, season desist. They just light a big fire under my butt. I get so excited. Like why do you want me? Why do you want me to shut up? What did I say? But the worst response that Ruby has in this situation is she makes this full length Instagram post about everything happening in 2020 with Black Lives Matter, the senseless murder of George Floyd.


And she tells the world, this is without even apologizing or even addressing the bed situation with her son chat, she a white woman who relates. She says she relates to George Floyd's hardships. Her condensed Instagram post reads, my heart hurts for the murder of George Floyd. My heart hurts for being accused of abuse when my motives have always been love and real abuse actually occurs on a daily basis throughout the world. The bad part is, as much as everyone wants Ruby to feel the deepest depths of internet cancellation, technically it still impacts the entire family. Sherry, the eldest daughter, the author of the book, she says, I think our numbers were like consistently declining and any engagement that we did have was negative.


So before this, they had their fair share of haters that would nitpick. Oh, I don't think Kevin's interested in Ruby anymore. Oh, I think this kid is a brad. I think she spoils her kids. They would have these little hate comments here and there, but it was generally seen as a positive family vlog channel. And now it's just like the floodgates to hell opened. Chad says, we are basically canceled our views just like tanked. We lost like 90% of our income. Wow. And a lot of medicine say they saw this whole thing coming. They comment, I liked Ruby, but it was getting obvious that she's obsessed with making her YouTube channel work. The giveaways, the acting silly when she's never acted that way before.


Other commenters are flooding her channel. I get major narcissistic mother vibes from Ruby. She favors kids controls, food portions, what they can wear. She looks perfect on the outside, but I get major creepy vibes from her major unhappiness inside their home. Another one is diagnosing through the screen, which kind of problematic. But also, maybe they're not wrong. I don't know. You tell me. Ruby gives me parenting traits that are similar to the Queen character profile for narcissistic personality disorder. She's obsessed with attention. She loves the compliments about her looks. She loves hearing people say she's a great mother. She loves hearing people say she's a great wife, but she seems so freaking fake. I can't stand it.


Ruby does not self-reflect. She decides everybody is wrong. This is cancel culture. They're trying to harm her and her reputation. She brings up to the world. She starts doing these little interviews and she tells everybody Chad has his room back. And I posted him doing like a room tour a few weeks ago and look how happy he is. Which by the way, people start flocking to that video of him redecorating his room 'cause he just got it back. But we didn't know that at the time. And it's under a new level of scrutiny. And they realize that his bedroom door is doorless like there's no door. The door has been taken off the hinges providing zero privacy, which just adds an entire canister of gasoline to the fire.


The Frankie's respond by saying, Chad chose the beanbag when he didn't have a bedroom for seven months because he said it was the most comfortable, not a great start to addressing the situation, but they continue. He also removed the door to his bedroom in an effort to be transparent and help regain his parents' trust. That's crazy. Unless Chad was caught with a breaking bad level meth lab in his room, which he obviously wasn't. How desperate do you have to be to try and earn your parents' trust to be this extreme? And I say that with all disrespect towards the Frankie parents and sympathy for Chad. Ruby continues. The reason that we got canceled was because I was demonstrating as I have done from day one, what irresponsible mother looks like.


What is the motive for the hate being thrown at me? I'm the antidote to these kids acting out and they know it. Wow. Understandably, everything that they're saying only makes the situation worse and worse. And it makes Ruby and Kevin look like even worse parents than the initial video, if you can even believe it. When this inevitably backfires. Ruby just stays glued to a computer deleting negative comment after negative comment after negative comment. Kevin admits. Yeah, Ruby likely started the entire family YouTube channel for money. Yes, but also because like I said, she just wants to be praised for being a great mom. He says, and when she sets her mind to something, Helen Earth combined could not stop her.


And she was gonna make her blog. Her vlog bigger and better than everybody else's. The success is actually not very immediate. In fact, Ruby's siblings, they all have their own family YouTube channels. This is, I didn't even know they were all related. I didn't even know they existed to be honest. But before marrying Kevin and becoming Ruby, Frankie Ruby was Ruby Griffith. She's got four younger siblings. She's the oldest and there's her brother Bo. He and his wife Emily have a vlog channel. They're not the famous ones in the family I guess you could say. But they have a vlog channel. And then there's Bonnie. She's married with four kids and vlogs pretty much every single aspect of her entire life.


And then after Bonnie in birth order is Julie who has five kids and a YouTube channel. And then Ellie is the youngest and she has four kids and they're actually one of the more successful ones at their height. Eight passengers was the most successful out of all the Griffith family members. And then it was Ellie and Jared. Wait, so Every single sibling, There's five ch five family channels and it's all just Ruby's and his, her families. Yes. So five family channels. Oh, but get this, Ruby's parents have a channel called Grandma and Grandpa Griffith. So all Of them, how many followers does Ruby Frankie's channel had Two point like six at her height.


Mm. And then the Li, Ellie and Jared had I think close to two. But they had Wow. Their birth video. So I think Ellie struggled with IVF and she finally was able to give birth. That birth video had like 15 million views. Oh Wow. So I mean they do get views. And initially Ruby was not the one doing the best on YouTube. That is until they upload their very first viral video, very straightforwardly titled Baby Climbs out of Crib. Mm. And then they just start blowing up. It's on camera 24 7. Kevin Frankie is a professor at BYU and Ruby is a stay at home wife and now she's blogging.


Now Kevin says, whenever I came in through that door, wherever Ruby was, the camera was, he remembers in the beginning she would force him to vlog and she would say into the camera, you guys are always asking us, can we hear your kids play more? Can you please sing more Christmas carols? We'd love to see your family play some Christmas music. And she just smiling at the camera waiting for Kevin to say something. And she's smiling. But kind of like a teacher that's telling you for the 10th time that you should not stick that eraser up your nose. And she finally angrily turns to him. I'm waiting for like to share a conversation with you. I am listening to you talk. I'm, I'm sorry. I like to hear Ruby talk.


Ugh. I'm cutting all of this out. Help me out here. She keeps huffing and puffing and finally he tries to say, I don't know where you want me to come in. Okay, start over again. I'll help here. I'll pick it up. Okay, Ruby. Ready. So one of the traditions that we do in this family, and she's just so intense, not just about capturing all the moments, but making them absolutely perfect even if it's fake. Nevertheless, in the beginning it's kind of cute and fun. Everybody's having a good time. All the kids are having a good time. They're making some YouTube money, they're buying a new van, they're getting a bigger house. And they would be on the highway in their billboard of a car.


It's got the eight passengers bumper sticker. It's like a truck. Honestly. It's like a bus. I mean you gotta fit eight of them. People would drive up on the side of the highway and start waving and freaking out. 'cause they're like, I watch you on YouTube. One comment reads, I think this family is refreshing. I enjoy it when Ruby tells stories and I think Kevin is really attractive. Someone else comments. Kevin is an intelligent, mature and masculine vlogger. I find him very attractive, which is exactly what I would write if I were Kevin, but I digress. Kevin would say It's all Ruby. You know, people loved Ruby's personality and it, it attracted an audience quickly, which I mean, I guess it's fine.


It's all fun in games. Until $85 hits the bank account, something flips a switch. In that moment. Kevin says, shortly after the first paycheck landed in our account, it was like $85. It felt amazing. And that first paycheck flipped me 180 degrees and I wanted more. The eight passengers, LLC was born. What? Kevin said that? Yeah. He said I got $85 and that I was ready to go all in. I guess he thought this was like some little hobby his wife was doing. Oh. And then he was like $85. Okay. Okay. So like you can actually make money. Yeah. It's not a scam. So then he made eight passengers.


LLC. Sherry, the eldest daughter, the author of the book writes the kids were all employees. That is how we were referred to employees from then on. If they were ever to go on a family trip to vlog, they would want the kids to act like employees rather than, oh, we're just going on a family trip because now we can afford it and we're just gonna vlog here and there so that people can stay in the know. Kevin says, all of a sudden it wasn't just enough to interact with Ruby, I had to interact with the camera, which maybe someone would feel sympathy for him, but he would also in the same vein, turn around and yell at his kids. Kevin would start scolding them. Well, Chad is acting horrible today.


The whole purpose that we're here is because of our jobs and you guys are acting like this is stupid. Basically saying ready, set, action. Like get it together. Kevin would later say the kids started to complain about everything. Like, I'm bored. We don't wanna film. We're so tired of doing this. It really began to concern Ruby. She would describe it as they were losing their light. Losing their light is a wild thing to say. Ruby is both not self-aware or and dramatic. Kevin, which don't, don't get me started on Kevin. There's a lot of thoughts about this man that we will get to in part three, but Kevin says Ruby would constantly remind him.


Kevin, the camera is millions of people watching us. She really just wanted Kevin to be the perfect husband. That's how it's described. He says she wanted me to be the even keeled, but strong patriarch of the family, but I wasn't. I was a nerd through and through, which is, which is kind of simply a pick me thing to say, but when asked, did you exploit the situation? Did you exploit the kids? Kevin responds in the new Hulu documentary. Absolutely I did all of that money, all of that payment came from one reason and one reason only my kids.


And we started watching the paychecks go from like $2,000 a month to $8,000 a month to $20,000 a month. And at our peak, a hundred grand or more per month. When further questioned on whether or not he felt bad about it, Kevin just responds. Not at the time. I was raised with the idea of the cosmic vending machine. It's this idea that I can bargain with or do business with God. We believe that we were sharing goodness Christianity with the whole world. And in return, God was blessing us. Sherry the author of the book, and she's been very outspoken against family vloggers. She says, our entire schedule revolved around YouTube.


And I think that's where I started to have some issues. We always had to keep the house clean. We changed our lights from this warm shade to just like a bright fluorescent white. It felt more like a set than a house all for $85. And that's just the beginning. This is gonna spiral into like millions and millions of dollars and then they're gonna hit a million subscribers. Even for that, Ruby is sitting in her car crying. She's in the driver's seat, the car is parked, she's tearfully telling the camera, it is so fitting to hit a million. While I am like trying to squeeze in all these little things that I'm gonna do to serve my family. Like my big thing has always been that mothers are powerful and it's not just the big things that the mothers do that make them powerful.


Power comes in the little things, so thank you. But a lot of our viewers started feeling like the more Ruby grows, the less we like her. One comment reads, I like the way Ruby acted towards the kids in her older vlogs. It came across very honest, and I felt like I was watching a real mom. And now she seems like she's afraid to show her, disciplining them and uses this weird baby talk, which side note there is. The baby talk is wild. Every little thing that her kids would do, she would go, oh my gosh. Oh my goodness. Oh my gosh. Hmm. It just did not feel genuine. Not that those words or phrases can't be genuine, it just didn't feel natural. Summary. Even comparing Ruby with her sister's writing, I think Ruby really tries to be like Bonnie, her younger sister.


Her personality was never as bubbly before this. Hi guys. Oh my gosh, I can't wait. Seems really fake now to me. And I wanna add that I do think that Bonnie's true personality is bubbly, but not Ruby's seems forced. That's a comment. Others thought Ruby's clearly pretending to be a great mom to make money as a family. Vlogger. You could just tell she hates being a mom. They comment. Ruby strikes me as the type of person who craves intellectual stimulation with Kevin traveling so much. I think she gets restless. I get the impression that she struggles with being a stay at home mom much more than her sisters. She strikes me as someone who would've been very career driven if circumstances were different.


I mean, that's not to say that I don't think that she loves being home with the kids. I'm just saying some would just say, I like the vlogs. I like the family. But it's kind of weird watching it because the mom seems like she's just one little huff, one little wind, one little blowing out the birthday candle wind push away from just having a full blown mental breakdown. She always seems like she's about to lose her mind. Like super tense. Yeah. Ruby Frankie has always been kind of a doomsday prepper. There's vlogs of her showing off her massive freeze dried food stash. Are you guys ready to be a food prepper with me? No emergency prepper.


Are you guys ready to be an emergency pepper with me? Wait, what was that like? She's like redoing it for the blog. Oh, and then she posted that, Or no, these were in the unedited clips that were handed over to the Hulu documentary. I believe the family consented to about a thousand hours of footage. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. So Ruby, Frankie, she is preparing for doomsday, but nothing is preparing her for the doomsday. That is her entire online career just going up in flames. People are pulling up old vlogs. They're like, no. Not only did she take away her son's bed, there's a vlog clip of Ruby standing in line at Chick-fil-A and she says, this is us waiting in line to eat at Chick-fil-A because we're supporting marriage between men and women.


And here's the end of the line. And she shows a very long line. We support Chick-fil-A. Woo-hoo. What? One comment reads disgusting. She was saying that was fun. It's fun fighting against people's liberties when it doesn't affect you. So this was during a boycott? Mm. The family, hi, a new low and they can't do anything to redeem themselves in my eyes. Wow. Eating at Chick-fil-A because marriage should be between a man and a woman. Go screw yourself Ruby. Other comments read. They're standing in line to support marriage between a man and a woman. Has that ever been threatened in any way? Ever? No. They're standing in line to hate pure and simple as that. There's another deleted clip that has been deleted and launched into space to be forgotten.


But Kevin had gone on this business trip to Japan. Ruby says in the vlog that he lost so much weight in Japan because all he was offered to eat were raw dogs and horse to which Kevin even comes home and says that he's so happy to be home because the food is not raw anymore. Japanese cuisine has plenty of cooked dishes. If an adult is too dense to seek those out when they're hungry, I think that's more of a reflection of their survival skills or lack thereof or just common sense. But one comment reads, he has eaten that crap food. Ruby makes for so long that when he's offered real proper food, he does not even realize it. So at this point, all of these old vlogs are getting dug up. People are just jumping onto all of, look at this.


What I found. Look at this timestamp. And Kevin says, enough, he says about the sudden hate, which I don't even know if I can call it hate, if it's genuine concern for Chad's wellbeing and just outrage at the parents' actions. But Kevin claims the hate is pushed by the algorithm. He says quote, all of a sudden the algorithm began to recognize, oh, this is a hot topic. So everyone scrambles Ruby takes the video down. But I think that she was unprepared for what was the torrent of pure hatred that came through the door. Ruby was devastated. You have to remember Ruby was America's mom. And then for her to be viewed as this abusive monster, it haunted her.


We saw it as an innocent religious family that's being attacked unjustly by cancel culture and cancel culture is winning. So this is like you're saying, after 2020? Yes. Like the whole saga begins. Oh yeah. That's what's happening right Now. And then from 2020 it just starts spiraling. Like more vlog footage. She makes new vlogs that are Controversial. Old vlog footage starts going viral and she just becomes like a major topic of commentary channels. But it hasn't really entered into, oh, I mean at this point there were calls to CPS, but it hadn't entered into this huge territory of Wait. This feels like a genuine investigation that the authorities need to do.


Yeah. Okay. At least not yet. So by this point, Kevin says, Ruby was effectively America's mom. She would confide to me that she was meant to be some sort of instrument in the hand of God. She was meant for something bigger than herself. I mean, I don't know. The comments are still rolling in and nobody is fond of America's mom. People start speculating on even Ruby's marriage with Kevin. Does anybody else get the impression lately that Kevin has kind of checked out? I always get the feeling that he would rather be at work. He seems like he loves his kids, but is just going through the motions of his marriage. Another comment reads, when Ruby was making quesadillas in a vlog, Kevin was eating tortilla chips and she was trying to express a romanticized favorite situation of hers.


Him being there watching her cook a meal for the family, I don't know. He was just so cold. And unresponsible, not in like an intentionally mean way, it was just kind of funny and sad, mostly sad. Another spectator says, as much as I find Kevin to be smart and sexy, I am repulsed by cheaters. And if there is one YouTube couple where I suspect someone is cheating, it's Kevin. He appears to love his kids, but he just seems so checked out of his marriage. Kevin does tell insider that after this whole bed saga, the vlog of Chad sharing that he doesn't have a bed, that all of this was quote, a moment of vulnerability and a part of Chad's story of redemption that showed his victory over the challenges that he's faced over the last several years.


He's saying this was supposed to be an uplifting moment that the internet twisted as abuse, which is like a crazy way to try and romanticize it. There's a very Controversial book called Visions of Glory. There's a lot of religious fanatics and extremists who believe in it. To put it simply, it is a book talking about how the world is gonna end and we all need to be ready. Doomsday is a coming according to the book, this is how we're gonna know. Biological warfare will start a devastating plague disease. It's gonna be secretly engineered as a bio weapon, and it's gonna come in and just kill billions of people on a global scale. The US drinking water is gonna be almost fully contaminated, making it absolutely utterly undrinkable unless you wanna grow a fifth arm.


But of course the government is never gonna tell you that. They're never gonna warn you of that. This is what's gonna happen. And then in 2020, everybody who is a fan of this book starts flipping out. This book has a lot of people just hiding in their bunker, going full on food preparations mode. The book states that there's gonna be a plague. They think covid. The book also states that there will be massive economic collapse before Doomsday Banks will shut down, factories will close, and global businesses will cease to operate, which a lot of countries and businesses did abide by lockdown rules and laws in 2020. So now a lot of people who read this book are thinking We're we're, we're getting on two for two, right?


The third thing is the book states that there will be a massive earthquake that's gonna destroy much of the West Coast in the us. Now, side note, this book is quite Controversial amongst those of the LDS faith with most being upset that the book has not been condemned by the church. Yet. If you're part of the LDS faith, you're probably gonna come across this book. And because it's not condemned by the church, you might read it thinking it's supported by the church. And these are messages of the LDS faith, but it's extremely, it's just very extreme. Mm. And a lot of other cult leaders and convicted killers have read this book allegedly and really loved it. Like Chad debell and Lori Vallow, a small select group of people believe every single word in this book as if this is a future telling machine on a piece of paper.


So with that being said, the book states that a massive earthquake will destroy the West coast in 2020. Salt Lake City, the headquarters of the LDS church, if you will, had a 5.7 magnitude earthquake. And now there's COD. Kevin Ruby's husband says it's 2020, everyone's dying from Covid. There's an earthquake in Salt Lake City. And the protest, it just felt like the world was ending. He says he actually got excited because it felt like the second coming. Kevin says everybody else was gonna burn, but we felt like we were on the right side of it, which I mean, I, I guess if you do some mental gymnastics, right, but other doomsday extremists say there's actually a missing element that's not in this book.


An electromagnetic pulse is gonna wipe out all of electricity. There's gonna be a huge, massive shutdown of technology, and it's gonna happen gradually, which may be to Ruby. That's what this feels like, a full blown attack on the internet. Her entire life is collapsing in like a few months. Zens are still going through back catalogs of vlogs, downloading, watching, and timestamping. Every single strange thing that she's done making a list to call CPS about. Ruby claims that there were like a thousand calls made to CPS because of her. If you go to school and you say, teach her my dog ate my homework, nobody's gonna believe you, but this is probably worse.


My mom threw my homework away and told me that I would have to pay cash to get my homework back, but I couldn't pay her cash to get my homework back because I don't have money. In one vlog, Ruby and Kevin are sitting at the dinner table with all six kids. Ruby pulls out a big trash bag and it looks like it's filled with binders and journals. Chad tries to grab for it, saying, that's my homework. Ruby waits for every single kid to be quiet and states, if you have something in the bag that you would like to get out, you can pay cash for it. So you learn the value of your items or you can give what dad, I'll let you take the conversation from here.


She points the camera at Kevin. Kevin thinks about it, or you can do an equivalent value chore to get it back. And whatever isn't claimed by the end of the day goes in the trash. Ruby decides her kids need to pay her to do their homework so that they can learn the value of their items. It's also worth noting that that's just crazy. ESNs are commenting. Imagine showing this to your teacher. Another zen points out something that's even more frustrating, which is quote, you know, Ruby actually used to make her kids pay her if they got bad grades. So this is especially insidious. So they have to pay her to do the homework, but if they don't do the homework, they're gonna get bad grades, so they have to pay her anyway. And on top of that, she makes money by vlogging the entire thing.


Another Zen writes, I wouldn't just tell my teacher what happened if this video is posted, I'm showing them day in my life. Videos are like a YouTube starter pack, which Ruby does share her family's schedule and it's, it's rigorous. Sherry, the eldest daughter, wakes up at five 30 in the morning to practice the piano at 6:00 AM The rest of the kids get up and they do scripture time immediately after they all have to practice their own musical instruments. The violin, the flute, the harp, everybody practice, and then it's chores. And then you get ready for school. To which one Comment reads, I'm all for kids having chores and responsibilities, but that morning routine is ridiculous. There is no need for a 7-year-old to be outta bed at 6:00 AM Read scripture, practice the Faute sort and fold, put away the laundry of a family of eight people.


Have breakfast. Get ready for school, make lunch, make a bed, do 20 minutes of reading and then go to school all day. Even typing that out, I'm so exhausted. And what does Ruby even do all day? All her chores are done before 8:00 AM by her own children. All she has to do is cook dinner in one vlog clip. Ruby's little daughter, I would guesstimate, she's maybe around four at this point. She's hopping down the stairs. So these are all the vlog clips that are coming out now. She's hopping down the stairs happily. But Ruby is shoving the vlog camera in her face aggressively telling her, we are going to the movies. So go get on your shoes. Naturally, the first question someone has is What movie?


Yeah, what movie? Right? But this is even stranger because the aggressive manner in which Ruby is talking about the movie, the message and the tone don't make sense. I would naturally feel like this is a setup. I feel like you're punishing. Like why are you yelling at me if we're going to the movies? Yeah. So the little girl asks innocently, what is it? And Ruby's voice is, so does it even matter? If someone asked me if I wanted to go to a movie, I wouldn't ask what it is, run and go get your shoes, or you're not gonna go. This is a vlog that she posted. This is not from the unedited footage from the Hulu documentary. Ruby's thin lips are set in an even thinner line, and she just vlogs herself calling the babysitter in front of her kid to see if she can come and watch the Little Girl, because the punishment for asking which movie they're seeing is to just not be able to go watch the movie at all.


Whoa. I know this sounds a little bit dramatic, But the way that Ruby is doing this to her own child who is very young, I think it feels emotionally terrorizing. And the whole time Ruby is on the phone with the babysitter, her daughter is just clinging to her leg apologizing and her voice is so small, she's like, sorry, sorry. Ruby gets off the phone, sets up the camera so that she can sit in front of it. And she's very disappointed because the babysitter is not available. She says, Kevin, I'm not taking her unless she comes and gives me a huge apology. You come and gimme a hug and you come and say you're sorry. I did note again where I can pay attention.


Ruby's sitting down and says, it was not very thankful of you. I was excited and told you to go get on your shoes and jacket to see a movie. And you should say, okay, and be thankful and be grateful. Instead of saying, well, what movie? Well, I don't know. Let me think about it. That's not very grateful. And I'm not going to take a girl who's not very grateful. Can you show some more gratitude? Okay, give me a big hug to which the comments are just ripping into Ruby. Rightfully so, a huge apology for what? If somebody asked me if I wanted to go to the movie, I would ask what it is.


That would be the very first question I ask to which another person writes. I think Ruby is obsessed with the feeling of empowerment and control that it gives her in the ability to manipulate her children's emotions based off of her own reactions. It's clear she's terrorizing her kids. I think it's a very natural and part of the development process for kids to just be so messy. I think they naturally make messes, but when the youngest daughter ends up experimenting with nail polish and evidently spilling some nail polish on the bath mat, it's not even a big deal. There's not even that much nail polish. And it's on the bath mat. Ruby feels confused because the little girl decides she needs to hide for 30 minutes because she's that scared of her mom.


Ruby. Ruby is confused by that action to Hiding. She's like, where is she? Where is she? Is she seriously hiding? Hmm. Which I would just think that's alarming. Like how does that not register in your mind? Hey, why are my kids hiding from me? Instead, Ruby vlogs it. She's been missing for 30 minutes. They finally find her under the bed where Ruby quote, I guess if you want to call it playfully, but not really playfully pulls her by the leg and drags her out. I mean, it doesn't look physically painful, it's just visually a lot. She says, you're gonna have to write, I'm dead now because you're in so much trouble. Ruby says, the little girl is going to go straight to bed.


She will not be joining the family who are all going to go outside for cookies. I just don't understand that kind of parenting response. I think the appropriate response would be, Hey, if you wanna paint your nails next time, why don't you ask for help? It's, she's just trying to paint her nails. It's not like she was trying to smear it on the walls, which even then it's like, why were you trying to do that? Let's talk about it. The worst part is Ruby is vlogging herself cleaning the floors, and she says all of the discipline takes place off camera. But one of the consequences is she will not be getting her nails painted for a solid month. And that's like her favorite thing, which is to have me do her nails. Which I do think that sometimes kids teach themselves their own life lessons.


Like in this case, the little girl is asked to apologize on the vlog again to Ruby. And the way that she processes her emotions despite Ruby's ass parenting is quite mature for her age. But I, I just don't understand why she still needs punishment. It's very depressing. She's just explaining how she's very excited and then she hid because she got very scared 'cause she made a mistake and she felt really bad. In another clip, the kids are told to stay home from school to keep the house clean. So she's just vlogging them, just wiping down every baseboard, every window. I think if I were to hire a team of full-time professional cleaners, I don't think that they would be that thorough. It's just very bizarre.


It's like she has six kids to have a full army of cleaning staff, But the second that they do anything that a kid normally does, such as leaving a pair of socks around, they are so, they're scolded so firmly on camera, likely stricter punishment happening off camera. Sometimes they would even be forced to do pushups because they left their sock outside. So while Ruby is overly strict, she's not particularly attentive to her kids. She's vlogging in the kitchen. When Chad, he's younger at this point, he's like 10 11 in this clip. Ruby's talking about his football game, which Chad loves football. He's very good at football. He wants to earn a scholarship one day. This is how he wants to make a name for himself.


This is very important to him. Ruby says, dad's taking you to your game. Right? Okay, well I don't think I'm gonna go. Are you okay with that? Chad looks really sad and he just shrugs. It's fine. You never come. Don't say that. Our viewers are gonna think that I never come to your games. Well, that's true. I go to your games. Yeah, one and last season you only came to like two games. You are ratting me out. You're making me look bad. Chad looks genuinely sad. He has his arms crossed on the kitchen island table and he's just staring off into space. He looks like he's trying not to cry, but Ruby still has the camera pointed in that direction.


He's in the frame of the vlog and she just starts goofing around with her younger son next to Chad. Not addressing how he feels, completely bulldozing his feelings, but also do you have a job? Like why can't you go to his game? Is that not your job? I don't understand. It's not like she's like, I have this important meeting and I need to go to put food on the table. I love you. I'm sorry, comments Reid. I felt so bad for Chad. Ruby didn't even seem to feel bad about missing his games. What else does she do that's so important that makes her miss something that is obviously important to her son? Other ENTs feel bad for Chad in other ways. They comment. I mean, her kids must think she's a lunatic. She's always making them wait in the back of the car for like 30 minutes as she goes on these little monologues by herself to the camera.


They're just like in the back waiting patiently. And another valid point is Ruby always says that she's too busy all the time to support her kids, but she forces Sherry and Chad the two eldest to take care of the rest of the four kids while they're still children. Side note, Ruby will even vlog the fact that her two youngest haven't even showered in like a week, just truly showcasing her great parenting skills. And people are digging all of these up. Others have noticed in the timelines throughout the vlogs, let's say she takes kid A to the dentist and in this vlog, let's say it's November of 2023, the dentist is like, your kid has so many cavities.


Like we gotta really watch out for the cavities, tone it down on the sugar, make sure you're flossing, make sure you're brushing your teeth like this isn't good. The next time they come to the dentist, now she's got nine cavities. Like even more. Even more. And again, I get it, like kids will eat their snacks, they'll probably hide chocolates in their room and then you don't find them until it's melted into the mattress. But still it's up to you as a parent to make sure that they're doing these things so that they don't get more cavities. It feels like she doesn't care to support or help her children. It's one thing if you keep trying and trying and trying and your child goes out of their way to keep getting cavities somehow. But that's not the case.


It just feels like Ruby constantly gets upset that nobody is up to her standard, punishes them, but then gives her children zero support or resources to get better so that they can meet her standard. So for example, one of the younger daughters was failing math. It's like a, it's been mentioned multiple times in the vlogs. Ruby clearly knows that this daughter is failing math, just like the cavities. She has no intention of helping or supporting her kids. She doesn't mention, I'm gonna help you with your math homework. She doesn't mention I'm gonna get you a math tutor. Just nothing. She just keeps bringing it up and like, ha ha, she's failing math. On that daughter's birthday, she gets gifted the Maze Runner book series.


She's so excited to read it. She's been asking for this set for I don't know how long, okay. She's been begging for these books and Ruby is letting her soak in the, the excitement of this. She's vlogging every second of it and then she turns the camera to herself and she's got this like twisted smile on her face. I hate to do this to you on your birthday, but your math teacher has been telling us that you've been missing work and that you read all the time and you have an F in math side note, Kevin, the dad who's also a professor at a local college, he's like in the back of the vlog and he seems shocked that his daughter is failing at math. Like, how do you not know what's going on in your kids' lives?


Really? Yeah. He's like, what? What does he teach? Oh, geographical like soil or something. What? Okay. Yeah. Now Ruby continues. You can't just read till you catch up with your math. It's like she waited to give her the present, watch her get so excited until she's like, I wanna go upstairs and read this right now. And then she's like, haha, jokes on you. 'cause you're failing math. You can't read it until you get your math grades up. Oh, she took it away? Yeah. That's crazy. Okay. I, it's so bizarre. And I'm not here to judge anybody's parenting because I don't have children.


So I don't know what it's like to guide someone through academia, but I would imagine it, it would be better to be like, Hey, maybe don't open it until we work on your math homework together. But like why go through this whole torturous process in another vlog? Allegedly, I did not see this clip for myself, but one of Ruby's children, 'cause this has been like deleted into the ether. One of Ruby's children has come up to Ruby to explain that she thought that there was a hole in the changing room that she went on to try on clothes. Yeah. I found this, like this comment in the depths of a snark four from like 2016.


But she said there's a hole in the changing room. But not only that, she just felt like something popped out and touched her. Maybe it was a bug, maybe it was a rat, maybe it was nothing. But she was clearly freaked out. Ruby completely ignores her so that she can keep on vlogging, just nothing doesn't care. She's overly strict. She has weird punishments. She's not attentive. And also she borderlines dystopian. In another vlog moment, Ruby tells Chad that there's no texting at the dinner table. They force him to hand over his phone, which happens to be a flip phone. They gave him a flip phone. So Kevin, the father, starts reading out Chad's text messages to the girl out loud, not just for his family, which is already embarrassing enough, but for the entire vlog, and this is, I'm assuming all of his friends are watching these vlogs.


Yeah, That's freaking sick. And Again, this would be all fun and games between friends that are of age and it's like, okay, you know people do funny things on the internet. He, he ha ha. It's a great TikTok as long as everybody thinks it's fun. But the parent and son dynamic. Yeah, and he was so the son wasn't consenting to this, right? No, he was. He was embarrassed. Yeah. It's like grabbing your freaking journal and just start reading your diary like that's crazy. It's very dystopian that they're mad at their son for texting at the dinner table whilst they the parents. Yeah. Are vlogging Humiliating. Yeah. Vlogging and humiliating. Yeah. But it gets worse because Chad has a flip phone, which I think hypocritical parents are the worst.


Ruby is putting Chad's entire life on the internet from the moment that he wakes up to the moment that he goes to sleep like five days a week. All of his personal information, his daily schedule, and even his thoughts, his text messages are up online technology and the internet are so integrated into Ruby and Consequentially Chad's life, yet he gets a flip phone. Ruby even jokes in the vlog, the only downside to giving your kids a flip phone is I swear I have to remember how to work it every time I go through it. Notably, it's also very strange that the kids social media accounts are heavily monitored or they're not allowed to have one. Meanwhile, Ruby posts every single part of their business on social media. She would even force Chad to smile for a thumbnail, which he clearly did not want to be a part of.


And he tells her to her face, I hate smiling at a lens. Ruby does not care as long as she gets her shot in another video. Ruby is sitting right next to Chad. She's reading from her phone. Oh, this next one's really good. I think this was a partnership she's doing. I think it's like connecting parents with teens. What she says. The next one is really good. It says, do you think your teen's mental health is more important than school and grades? She turns to Chad and Chad looks like he would rather be on the surface of Mars. He looks very disinterested, maybe also guarded because he probably knows whatever she's gonna say next is gonna be really hurtful. He just shrugs and then she blows up.


Chad, are you willing to help me out or not? You seem really distant. Ruby. Perhaps a moment of self-reflection and just asking yourself the simple question of why am I treating my kids terribly and maybe you wouldn't have to waste so much breath wondering and asking, why do my kids seem distant? Why won't they vlog with me fi five fo fu? Like I don't understand. Get it together. Chad would later say, I purposely said the wrong lines. I purposely tried to make my mom as pissed as she possibly could be. I made things hard for her. I don't really know why. One of the more egregious clips though is from when Chad's friend's father, so Chad's friend's, father tragically self exits and I'm sure the news shocked the entire community and Chad is just not doing well.


Instead of Ruby spending time with Chad to make sure that he feels like he has support to guide him through this very difficult time of grief with all of these complicated emotions. Ruby just keeps vlogging every single person in the house as they're just bursting into tears. She's filming herself crying, talking to her children about it. She never comforts Chad. She would even vlog him laying just despondent on the bed. And she says, and I don't know why, what compelled her to even say this? She says, in situations like this, if you haven't been kind, you can feel a lot of regret. I don't know what she's insinuating.


If you haven't been kind, you can feel a lot of regret. So is that implying that she hasn't, if she hasn't been kind to the disease, she would feel guilt. It sounds like she's saying that to Chad and I just don't what? Yeah, and I don't picture Chad being rude to his friend's dad. I think it's probably the very natural feeling of, I wonder if I could have done something or said something or I maybe I could have noticed something, right? But it, it was just bizarre. Humiliation also becomes a big part of the vlogs. Ruby is holding the cameras. She's standing in the bathroom and she says, my daughter has been asking me all summer if she can shave her legs and armpits.


Her daughter looks at her like she just betrayed her on camera. I never said that. I don't wanna shave. You don't. No. Side note, it has been discussed on the vlogs before that this specific daughter has been getting bullied in school and I don't know, maybe I'm reaching, maybe I'm connecting dots that don't exist because I have a thing where I compulsively shaved my arms for years because I got made fun of for having hair on my arms when I was younger. And I wonder if in the hypothetical world, if she had been bullied for her body hair, her mother announcing it to the world that she has been asking and begging to shave. It would only encourage the bullies because a big part of me getting bullied about my arm hair would be to act like it didn't bother me.


Because then it's like now they know that you're insecure about it. So she's like, no, I don't want to. And even if that's not the case and I'm just crazy and I'm reaching, why put this on the internet for all of your kids' friends to see, especially as a young teenager, like that's a very complicated time. But Ruby being her kid's very first bully, she says, you don't, I think your armpits need to be shaved more than your legs do. Lemme see. And she just reaches into her daughter's shirt to I guess see her armpit hair to touch it. I don't know what we expect at this point. Ruby announces to her vlogs every time her kids pee the bed, she proudly says the way she handles it is, Aw, that's okay.


Just sleep on the floor in the bathroom. There's also a lot of other humiliating titles in the eight passengers archive. Sherry even says that when you Google someone's name, like the next word that comes after it is typically like the most Googled, and she's saying this in a vlog, she says next to her name is always Sherry Frankie period. Because Ruby had vlogged her getting her first period. Oh, and it just seemed like she was uncomfortable. Mm. Other titles include at school, wet My pants, bra shopping with the brothers, first time shaving. It's like the kids are sick and throwing up Canon or Sony. The kids are buying their first training boss, should we use Canon or Sony?


But one thing Ruby states repeatedly is that she will never discipline her kids on camera that is reserved for off camera, which is bizarre because everything you put on camera one bamboozled net is in rights. So she's gonna film her daughter buying a training bra, but discipline is private. Do you remember that trend that was going around where you get your dog's favorite stuffed animal or like your child's favorite stuffed animal and you just beat it? I don't know why parents were filming themselves being their child's personal emotional terrorist, but it was like a trend briefly. I don't know if it was a big trend or if the trend was people reacting to the very select few weird people that did it Where you grab your child's favorite doll and just like punch it.


Yes. It's like if we were to, And then you wanna see the kid's reaction? Yeah. It's like if we were to grab my niece's rabbit and then just started punching the rabbit in front of her and then vlogging her reaction. It's like unhinged. I don't know why people were doing this. This is the next level of that. Ruby's youngest daughter is going through her scissor phase. My nieces are currently going through their scissor phase. They're told at school, you gotta learn how to use safety scissors to cut shapes with scissors. You could be in the same room doing arts and crafts with them. You drop your piece of paper, you bend, pick it down, they've cut off half your hair. It's just a thing. They're safety scissors. They don't get harmed. It's not dangerous. I mean don't leave them with it unsupervised. But again, scissor phase, very real, very normal.


Ruby's youngest daughter has taken scissors and cut a few things in the house that she probably wasn't supposed to cut. Ruby decides instead of being like, wow, why did I leave those scissors out? That could have been dangerous. Good things. She cut that rather than harming herself accidentally, even though they're safety scissors, Ruby decides, no. The best course of action to take here is to grab the camera in one hand and shove it in this little girl's face. Take her beloved stuffed cat on the other hand, hold it by the neck and threaten her own daughter. If you cut one more thing in the house, look at me. I'm going to take the scissors and I'm gonna cut its head off. Real, not real cat, right? No. Okay. Her stuffed animal, but like yeah, trauma.


Yeah, when they're this young. Yeah, that's like a real person in there. Their imagine their stuffed animals are like a good source of comfort. I mean, yeah, it's like their best friend. The girl looks genuinely stressed out. She looks like she's watching a hostage video because she is. She's four years old. This is her best friend and her sweet, loving, caring family friendly mother just threatened to decapitate it in another since taken down vlog from 2016, there's a clip where they're all packing to go somewhere. Ruby asks one of her young daughters what she packed in her bag and the young daughter starts crying and getting nervous because she's scared that Ruby's not gonna let her take her comfort. Stuffy medicines are commenting.


Growing up with a narcissistic dad, I used to cry every time I was nervous around him, even if it was for nothing. I can feel the little girl's anxiety. It makes me wonder if Ruby has an explosive temper behind closed doors or something. To make matters worse, Zen point out that Ruby looks surprised and confused that this is her daughter's favorite stuffy, which is so strange. It leaves ance to question, does she not know her kids? Does she not tuck them in at night? That doesn't even make sense. In another clip, one of the kids finally confesses that she s spilled something in her backpack and therefore she ruined her backpack. It's unsalvageable, which the fact that you have to confess something like that to your parents is odd.


The way that she's holding her backpack while Ruby is vlogging her, she looks terrified. Her face is blurred for her privacy, but she keeps blinking and scrunching her nose and those seem like very intense, anxious coping mechanisms for high anxiety while her daughter is clearly in distress. Ruby says, well, the camera's rolling so I can't get that mad. It helps keep me under control. The child starts crying and Ruby has this weird fake sympathetic voice. Oh, honey, don't cry. Oh honey, I'm not mad at you. I feel bad for you. To which the comments now read, imagine a backpack feeling like it's the end of the world.


This is so sad. It's not even a big deal. A simple accident and she's terrified of her own mother. Another one reads, her nervous ticks are heartbreaking. One of the most damning clips of Ruby though is of her in the car vlogging. She's wearing a bright yellow beanie. This is, this is probably worse than the Chad bed saga or it's like right up there. So all these other ones are coming out and I think that people are making videos on them, but unless you're really in the Frankie world, I don't know if they would've hit as many people of like, did you see what's going on? 'cause this is alarming. Ruby is wearing a bright yellow beanie. She holds up her phone. I just got a text message from youngest daughter's teacher and she said that she did not pack a lunch today and can I bring over a lunch to the school?


This happens quite often when you're having raising children because I know that her teacher is uncomfortable with her being hungry and not having a lunch and it would ease her discomfort if I came to the school with a lunch. But I responded and I just said, she's responsible for making her lunches in the morning and she's actually told me that she did pack a lunch. So the natural outcome is that she's just going to need to be hungry and hopefully nobody gives her food. Nobody steps in and gives her a lunch because then she's not going to learn from the natural outcome. My hope is that she will be hungry and come home and go, oh man, that was really painful, being hungry all day.


I'll always make sure to have a lunch with me. The child in question that she's talking about is five years old. Wow. I don't even know a single five-year-old that packs their own lunch. I was in high school and my mom was helping me pack lunches. The clip was a huge point of contention along with the Chad being bed list. I mean, there's something about these moms not giving their kids food proper nutrition and beds like it's a prerequisite before you get put in jail as Trevino needs to get advice to get her kids a bed regardless. I have never ever heard of a kid being responsible for packing their lunch at that age and like how vicious do you have to be to state out loud that you hope your child starves and nobody helps 'em.


Kevin and Ruby try to justify what happens saying the internet took them out of context. Once again, saying that the real reason that Ruby did not bring her daughter a lunch to the school is because the driveways would take 45 minutes by the time that Ruby would be there to drop off the food, the school day would be over. Nobody said that in the clip, the comments read, and this is what she's voluntarily sharing on the internet. Imagine what she's doing behind closed doors in another vlog clip that has been resurrected from the depths of the YouTube graveyards. Ruby is on the phone with her second youngest, again probably eight years old at the time, if not younger. She tells him, I hate to tell you this, honey, but unless you find a friend who's willing to share their food with you, I don't think you're going to be able to eat.


But if you are not responsible for your lunch and your lunch money, that's the natural consequence and I'm really sorry you're learning this the hard way. I will have a wonderful yummy snack waiting for you when you get home. Just hang in there today and just make up your mind and you're gonna be really careful to grab your stuff when you go to school next time and maybe you have a good friend who will share half their sandwich with you. That's all. I'm sorry. She hangs up and she tells the viewers while smiling. He sounds like he was gonna cry or something, and another seemingly innocent, but not at all. Innocent vlog. Ruby is in the kitchen with her kids and she says Sundays after church when we all just clean through the leftovers.


It's like the highlight of my week. I love it so much. One of the kids comes up to say, it is mom doesn't get mad at us for eating anything. She responds that and the kids just open up like everyone's pretty relaxed probably because they're not starving. It's been a point of contention throughout the Frankie Vlogs that the kids never have enough food. When she vlogs the dinner table, it's never enough food. When she vlogs her grocery halls, it's never enough food. One comment reads, everyone's relaxed because maybe they're not fighting for survival in their own home. Every single meal that Ruby shows online is neither nutritious nor filling and it does not appear that the kids have free access to food.


The Frankie's, even before all of this, the whole scandal, they had multiple instances where their own viewers were just up in arms about the fact that they kind of starved their kids. Ruby would vlog what's for dinner or she would do the grocery halls and there's no produce, no fruit, no meat, anything of nutritional value in the halls is just absent. Most of it is carb filled junk. Yet Ruby is very unhappy. She complains the entire time at how expensive each trip to the grocery store has been, which most people agree groceries are expensive, but she's choosing these carb heavy, easily prepared meals that are probably selling at a premium. At this point, a lot of medicines are saying, honestly, produce might be cheaper.


Hmm, so why are you not getting it? One comment reads, I am a bit stunned in Ruby's video about their food supply. She doesn't seem to feed the kids any vegetables, maybe tomatoes in the spaghetti sauce, but she seems to feed the kids carbs all day every day. I was a bit surprised that vegetables were not seemingly a priority for the kids. Another net agrees she feeds the kids crap, all carbs stuffed to fill the belly but not provide much nutrition, very light on the meat and almost no fruits and veg or another comment res stop moaning about buying food for your family when you're basically making money off the backs of your kids. Her grocery halls are pretty terrible. No vegetables, maybe a small bowl of fruit, little meat and a whole heap of snacks.


She definitely carb loads her meals with very little nutrition. All I see are tacos, like frozen tacos, bread rolls, cookies, everything is beige and cheap. Even Ruby admits herself that she does not eat enough. She says It's really painful to up my food budget, but I think it's necessary because I have to eat more. I'm going to eat more. I want to eat more. I don't really like being hungry. It's just very strange that Ruby has such an unrelenting grip on wanting to control the food, the budget. She wants to be perceived as the perfect mom, but she cannot hide the fact that she's not. There's this Korean song called like almost said, she doesn't like black bean noodles.


Mm. It's when your mom doesn't have money, so you eat the black bean noodles, your mom tells you she doesn't like black bean noodles. And later the singer goes and she's digging it out of the trash to eat it with rice, the leftovers. But for Ruby, the mere thought of upping the grocery budget to feed her kids would send her into cardiac arrest. And this is clearly not a case of she can't afford it. One comment reads her nacho night was just sad. Literally just two trays of chips, cheese and leftover pulled pork. Maybe it would've been good as a snack, but how about some freaking fruits or vegetables or something substantial? And I saw one of Ruby's kids cramming a whole burrito thing into her mouth like she's desperate for food.


Ruby is always saying cooking is her passion and she loves making recipe videos, but it sure doesn't show there's like a whole compilation on TikTok filled with the kids' faces. So for this video, I'll likely blur most of it, but you can hear Ruby's voice and it's just her threatening them with food. I'm going to tell you one more time and then you are going to lose the privilege to eat dinner in a separate clip. She says, and my kids are literally starving. I hesitate to even say this because I'm gonna sound like a mean barbarian, but I told the kids, I said, I'm not even gonna let you eat breakfast until you get your chores done. Here is a very non comprehensive list of all the times that she's threatened her kids with starvation, stop crying or I'm gonna have you go upstairs and you won't have any breakfast.


In another clip, she says, I'll buy an expensive cereal and say this needs to last us a whole week and it's gone in an hour. The boundary is I don't buy cereal anymore and you get oatmeal until I believe the children will be boundaried with the cereal. The self-confidence of someone with such little common sense as terrifying. If your kids can eat what you think should last a week in an hour, then your portion size math is not adding up. There's a clip of Sherry, the eldest daughter and the New York Times bestseller. She says, our lunch is a little bit different than yesterday because Mondays and Fridays are 1900 calorie days, and then Tuesdays and Thursdays are 1700 calorie days, and then Saturday and Sunday and Wednesdays are 1500 calorie days and today is 1700.


Which the fact that Ruby has put out these arbitrary rotating calorie days, which by the way, none of these even provide enough calories for most active growing teenagers. It's just very sick. Many medicines are left wondering at this point, how is it even possible that she posted all these blocks? One writes, I find it difficult to fathom the dinner's Ruby gets away with serving. Recently one of her kids complained about having chicken noodle soup for dinner again, and it seems like they had it the night before. I took a good look at the table and it was like a modest little bowl of soup was all that was served. There weren't any dishes to indicate red or salad to be served along with the soup.


Ruby just encouraged everyone to eat so they won't have soup again for the next dinner. The whole video blew my mind. Another comment reads my question is, how are none of the teachers reporting this or another reads? So abuse is being broadcasted on YouTube in broad daylight. Using food as a form of punishment literally pisses me off to no end. The irony in all of this is that Ruby prepares for the end of the world with freeze dried food. She's obsessed with food prepping. I am pretty impartial to doomsday prepping. What do I know about when the world is gonna end? Emergency stock? Highly recommend, probably advisable an entire food storage room with freeze dried foods. A hundred pounds of rice and orange juice, mixed powder.


It's kind of excessive. She has all of that. Yeah, and her kids are starving. And because I'm just on a rant here. There's another vlog clip of Ruby telling her viewers that her youngest daughter is manipulating her into letting her stay home by saying that she's sick when she's not. She makes her out to be this little vindictive girl with big evil plans of like a psyop takeover. She's a kid, she's a child. It is only when Ruby takes her temperature and realizes that she has a fever of 1 0 1 that she admits, okay, fine, she's not manipulating me. She says to the vlogs, and I could hear her whimpering and crying and then at four in the morning she came in and got in bed with me and she was just whimpering.


Don't you hate it when your kid is sick and they don't have a fever until the whining starts? I just thought the whining was because she was manipulating me. Not true. I guess she's not feeling well. All of this had somewhat been circulating online, but again, it's not until the bed saga that all of these get dug up from the YouTube graves and they start recirculating. And speaking of the bed situation, a lot of ants have problem with rubies, bed buying tendencies or lack thereof. Very similar task. Trivio. She would just not get her kids the necessities when she can clearly afford to. There would be moments in the vlogs where she expected her kids to be grateful. She would demand some sort of big response in exchange for purchasing them socks.


Not like new fancy socks that all the kids are wearing that they really don't need, but like their current socks all have holes in them. Other ENTs back in 2016 even felt it was odd that in the videos the kids would be gifted on their birthdays. Things like bedding sheets that they desperately need. Not like, Ooh, this is the new anthropology sheet that I need. They don't have sheets, birthday, present sheets. Some people were commenting. I noticed everyone seemed to be overly excited about getting pillows, which I found was odd. Another comment reads, I think parents are supposed to provide you with a bed sheets, pillows, et cetera, independent of your birthday.


Same goes for socks. Another comment reads, the birthday presents were the last straw for me passing off a bed that one of her kids needed as a birthday gift is disgusting. You provide your children with a bed and bedding period. That's not a gift. The kids were also never seen having enough clothes. They would have about five total outfits each. And the problem is that Ruby was obsessed with very distinct articles of clothing. So it's not like she would get a simple white shirt for her kids that you could wear maybe three times a week. And everybody at school thinks, oh, maybe you have five white shirts. They're like very distinct and they would be wearing the same outfit three, four times a week, which is just a lot of kids get bullied for stuff like that.


One comment reads, Ruby is constantly having to wash clothes, seeing as all their kids only have about four full outfits. And because she's continuously washing them, they start looking like just threads on the kids' bodies. Someone agrees writing Ruby complains so much about the kids wearing down their clothes and in the same breath she mentions how they only need a few outfits. What's going on? And when the kids would get sick, Ruby, the maternal instinct just coursing through her veins, decides to quarantine the sick kid. So one of the sons was sick. I would say he looks like five years old. She doesn't want the other kids to get sick, which I get it fine, right? She grabs a whole duvet, set pillows a blanket, and she puts him in the bathroom on the floor.


Not okay. You know there's a regular bathroom where you have the sink and then you have the shower, then you open a small little closet door and then you just have the toilet. That's it, just the toilet. She put him right next to the toilet in that tiny little closet room, the water closet. Okay. And he's sick. His whole face is red. Why? Why? Why Is she like a punishment? No, because Just quarantine the kid in the toilet. Yes. Wow. Okay. I think like two-ish years ago, I went through a very rough round of hand foot mouth disease, which was passed on by my little niece. Every single nail and toenail fell off. I'm not even kidding. It's a household joke now. But even now when our two nieces are sick, everyone's just trying to make them feel better.


They're like bringing them the favorite St soups. They sleep with my sister when they're sick because they're not feeling well and they usually wanna cuddle. My sister Ruby makes 'em sleep in a toilet room. But it's also the way that she's mentally raising them. One comment reads, those poor little girls have motherhood and subsequently being a housewife pushed on them from so early on. Save thinking about children for when you're not children yourselves. It's silly to think about that. Now, another comment reads, oh, I rarely comment anywhere anymore, but in their newest video, I was so glad when I heard Ruby say to Sherry, you could be a great teacher or a lawyer or engineer, et cetera, et cetera. But then Ruby goes on and says, but most importantly, a good mother, I realize it's important to be a good mom in their culture, their religion, and even would've just been fine to include into the list like and a good mom.


But most importantly, it is likely that it's because Ruby got married at 18. She had her first baby at 21 and she never really had her own life. And for whatever reason, she wants the same things for her kids. She prides herself in it. In a video, she says, I just wanna tell you an experience that I had, an English class that you really can be and do anything you want. I was in an advanced English class, so everyone who was in the class was ambitious and we had a college prep person talk to us and we went around the room and we had to stand up, say our name and what we wanted to be when we grew up. And everyone that stood up said lawyer, doctor, all these wonderful ambitious goals.


And when it was my turn to stand up, I said I wanted to be a mother. And the lady said, that's okay. And what else do you wanna be? And I said, A housewife. I wanna stay home. And my teacher said, Ruby, I would like to see you at the end of class. And he let me have it about how I was not being ambitious and how I was going to let my talents go. And I was settling. And I think that day marked a time in my life where I said, you know what? Not only am I going to do it and show him who's who you know I'm going to be good at it. I'm going to be a mom and a housewife and I'm going to be a good mom. And this is how good of a mom Ruby is. In a separate interview, she shares a story where she has no sense of self-awareness of how cruel she is.


She shares every little sinister story like it's a cute wholesome lesson. She says, A year ago, my daughter was saying her prayers. She was six years old at the time. She was saying her prayers and she said the cutest thing. I thought it was so cute, and I started laughing. She said, dear Heavenly Father, please help me to survive. And I just thought it was so cute. It took me off guard and I just kind of giggled a little. That's not funny. That's alarming. She's sick. She should be praying for an American girl doll, not for basic survival, which Chad already did in the wilderness. When he went to Anasazi, he was praying for basic survival. This was again before the bed incident.


So now people are bringing this up again. When he was 14, he was sent to this wilderness camp. The whole Anasazi saga is a whole thing. The way that Ruby and Kevin are talking about Anasazi, you would think that for every teenager that goes into the Arizona wilderness and breaks down into tears, they get paid a million dollars. The way they promote this wilderness camp is pathological. They're talking about sending him, they're dropping him off, they're clearing out his room, they're redecorating his room, they're missing him, they're picking him up. They're seeing him again. They're reacting to him being back home. It's nonstop Anasazi vlogs. They're acting like family vloggers who just got pregnant again and they're just hitting us with like 26 back to back titles, which again, this is just kind of bizarre when you really think about this is the context of a troubled teen therapy that they're sending Chad to, which is typically known to do a lot more harm than good.


A, you can go from Mitchell and Mill Red Rocks because here this is how we Denver and visit Denver. Pun Dell Discover


Net credit is here to say yes because you're more than a credit score. Apply in minutes and get a decision is soon as the same day loans offered by net creditor lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partners. Net credit credit to the people.


My name is Lily and I've had Hydradenitis Super Tiva Hs for years. I finally found some relief since taking Cosentyx. Relief means I can show up more. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe hydradenitis suppurativa, HS. Don't use if if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting. Get checked for tuberculosis and increased risk of infections and lowered ability to fight them may occur like tuberculosis or other serious bacterial, fungal, or viral infections. Some are fatal. Tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle aches or cough had a vaccine or plan to, or if inflammatory bowel disease symptoms develop or worsen serious allergic reactions and severe eczema like skin reactions may occur. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com. Ask your dermatologist about Cosentyx


To which they talk about Anasi. A little strange, Kevin says, now you're probably wondering what the heck we're talking about. Chad today has just entered the Anasazi Foundation Wilderness Therapy Program. He's going to spend the next eight to 10 weeks living in the Desert Mountains of Arizona. So you're probably wondering, what did Chad do? Okay, well, we're not even gonna entertain that stuff, but it's an accumulation of things Over the years, well before we started YouTubing or well before we got into social media, and it's reached a point where Chad needs to develop some very basic maturity and skills that he's going to need as an adult. We know later that it stemmed from him getting expelled from school, and this was a recommendation from his new therapist, Jody Hildebrandt, the Anasazi therapy program.


But Ruby says in the vlog, this is like a reset, like a start over, like a do over a fresh beginning. Kevin says, the idea with wilderness therapy is that you can survive with these peers in the wilderness with nothing more than the clothes on your back and a couple of field supplies. Then there's nothing in this world that you can't tackle. Ruby says they don't even sleep in tents. They sleep on the bare ground. So if the apocalypse ever comes and the zombies come to get us, we will be very grateful that Chad is trained. He's going to mature out there. He's going to have a lot of growth and a lot of time to think and really decide the quality of person he wants to become. I'm really proud of him. I'm really excited. They said it's like the real wilderness out there. There's snakes, there's bears, there's coyotes, cougars, like it's the real deal, Kevin Butson.


We want Chad to have some of those experiences. I think closing encounters would be good for him. He'll come home and be like, dude, I survived and there were bears. I can do anything. I'm not scared at all about that kind of stuff. What I lose sleep over is when kids start self-sabotaging their own efforts. That's the kind of stuff that really alarms me. She's basically saying, as a mom, I'm not scared about my son confronting a bear in the wilderness. I'm scared of self-sabotage. It's like the most bizarre fear. Kevin says, bottom line, it's gonna be a very long time before any of us see Chad. We'll hear from him weekly in the letters to the family. We will. We're excited to see how all of us, not just Chad, but how all of us are impacted and changed by this experience.


The thing with Ruby is that she's a yapper. She's so good at talking in a way that makes it seem like she's an amazing mom. Or at the very least, she's a mom trying her best. She says Chad's on the trail, but at home we're also gonna be on a trail. We're going to be walking alongside him and we're going to be making commitments for us to change and for us to try and become better parents for Chad and for our other kids. We've always believed in being honest with you guys. We're not into playing with your emotions because I know you guys are really invested in our family and I feel a responsibility to be upfront with you and honest. You know, there are things that happen in your family that other people don't know about and it's the same with our family. There are things that happen in our family and you don't know about it, so just trust us that we're doing what's best.


When Chad gets back, Ruby makes Anasazi the only thing that he can talk about. She forces Chad to talk over and Dover about his experiences, which it doesn't appear like he had a great experience. Even If he did, I'm sure it's still a sore spot that your parents just send you to fend for yourself. For months. I, I would feel abandoned. They not only sent him, but they paid over $10,000 to send him. What? Yeah, some the estimates, it seems like they probably paid around like 15,000, but it could go up to like $40,000. Some parents take out loans to send their kids to these crazy camps.


Wow. How about like some vegetables? Yeah, some pillows. Yeah, some bedding and like maybe try talking to your kid. Yeah. The worst part is when Chad gets back. Ruby has this whole vlog dedicated to surprising him with his room and trying to make it homey. She covers the entire room in Anasazi memorabilia. It's like a gift shop for the therapy program. I don't know why Ruby was adamant on that one. Comment reads, I find it disturbing how focused Ruby was on filling Chad's room with Anasazi reminders when all for all she knows, it could have been a really traumatic negative experience for him.


He could have been so excited to come back to his home and have a proper bed only to discover that his room has been turned into a mini Anasazi and constantly reminds him of it. It just feels like another way for her to control and brainwash him rather than a mother who cares about her son's interest. Also, the fact that he gained 10 pounds while on this rigorous wilderness program was rubbing medicines rightfully the wrong way. He also states that when he got back he had no clothes because quote, when I went to Anasazi, mom got mad and threw some of my clothes on the floor and then she just donated them all. Since then, unseen footage of Ruby filming vlogs has come out. So it seems like I said, the family has given over a thousand hours of unseen footage to the documentary makers and there's some pretty terrifying stuff in the unedited footage.


In one video, she's sitting at the bottom of her bed and she has the aura of a kindergarten teacher that I would not trust my hypothetical children around polite, but she seems incredibly unempathetic. There are about 53 Saturdays in a year. She lifts up a glass mason jar filled with marbles. This jar is holding 100 marbles. Listen, I do struggle with spatial awareness, but it does look like 53 Saturdays and 53 marbles, but maybe it's a hundred. She repeats. This jar is holding 100. This jar is holding 100 marbles. Okay, so the last tip that I have for calendaring is remembering My last, I always ask myself on the weekend is what I've scheduled.


Hey, I'm still recording. Come on. Why am I hearing all this noise? Her husband responds from downstairs, it's 1230 and we're trying to get ready for church. That's why you see her turn off the camera, get up or seemingly get up and then get back down to turn on and she's smiling again. I am a busy mom with six children and I'm always on the go. In another vlog, this is obviously something she cuts out, she's in the kitchen talking about something when she just flips a switch. Hold on, hold on. What was that look for? She's talking to one of her kids. One of her kids says, sorry, I just got nervous.


Don't gimme a weird look. Just be yourself self. That is myself. Well then change it in another clip. Likely to show off how happy and picture perfect Ruby is and how she is an admirable mom for at least on camera, fulfilling her legal duties of taking care of her kids. Just doing the bare minimum on camera, not even behind the scenes, but on camera. She wants all the kids to sit on the couch for a vlog and I guess a few of them are not cooperating because they're children and she screams at the husband, sit her down on the flipping couch. This has been going on for years nonstop. In another clip, Ruby is setting up the Christmas tree and Chad is helping her. He looks pretty miserable, but it's not like Ruby is actively trying to have a good time and bond with her son.


She just blows up out of nowhere. Chad, I asked you to give me a night where it's enjoyable to be with you. Chad, take that look off your face and just be happy to be with us, but I'm not. Okay. You know what then, and then the camera turns off. Chad would later say there were times that she blew up off camera. She would spank, whip, take the belt out and whip my butt, you know, pull my, pull down my pants, whip me in another unseen vlog clip. Chad is younger in the clip and he is sitting on the couch. Ruby is plopped down right next to him. Chad, it's your turn. Do you know where your name came from? Grandpa. Of course you know Chad is nodding 'cause he's like, I just answered.


So what I don't understand, and she says, grandpa, so tell us who you're named after. This is like a very confusing conversation. I just said grandpa. Then you said, of course you know grandpa. So now I'm like, why are you asking me again? I I'm so confused. He's confused and he says Grandpa and she looks agitated. Which grandpa? Okay, we're gonna try this again and you are gonna be a little more talkative. Here I am. I'm talking. I'm answering your questions. She's silent for a moment and the camera doesn't pick it up too well. But clearly there's someone talking or hanging out in a nearby room. Hey, if I hear one more word get out, then you hear my voice is leaving me.


Then you hear Kevin's voice off camera saying, get out and close the door. Ruby is looking at her kids with such disdain and disgust and she turns to Chad and I'm going to let you vlog. I don't, and I'm going to spend all my time helping you. You are going to help me too. I don't know what to do. Be excited to tell them where your name came from, even if you have to fake it. Fake being happy. Okay? I don't know if I can right now. I don't know why. It's just, okay. Well I'm gonna take a break in another clip. She's sitting in front of the camera. They're perfect for Easter.


No, you are not entitled to talk while I'm recording. Sit back up there and be quiet. Go downstairs. Now, both of you. It's just like by far, one of the more alarming unedited clips to come out is Ruby is sitting at the dining table shoving her ring into the camera. I imagine it's a new ring that she got a gift from Kevin. I don't know. Kevin is holding the camera and Ruby's little daughter is trying to climb up onto the kitchen table. Maybe she's trying to grab food. Maybe she's trying to grab a snack. Maybe she just wants attention. Or maybe she's just four. Ruby reaches over, puts one hand on the back of the little girl's neck the other hand to cover her mouth, but it's also covering her nose because she's four and Ruby's an adult and by the force of grabbing her head, she forces her off the table and just yanks her down and she tells Kevin, we're gonna cut that out.


You get down and be quiet. It isn't your turn to talk. Now sit to the 4-year-old. Yeah, and then Kevin just puts two fingers up in front of the lens, like now cut like scissors. Hmm. When net is in comment reads, what I hate most about this is the smiles and laughter and bonding in the vlogs. I hate it because it's manufactured, manipulated, and fake. These kids were miserable and I hate that I found myself wanting to smile at the family's interactions at certain points because they seemed like a normal, albeit strict household. That's the guise of evil this woman gave to everyone. She smiled and laughed while the kids were suffering and we didn't even know it until it was too late.


So while all of this new footage is being drawn up, Chad says he remembers that they got this very expensive attorney and PR person involved and they suggested to Ruby that she apologized for all of these instances. Kevin says, Ruby's response to that was over my dead body. I'm not sorry. I'm saving my family. We're gonna show the world what real parenting looks like. We're gonna show the world what it's like to make impossibly tough decisions because you love your child. Wow. She say, apologize over my dead body. Yeah. Huh? Yeah. This is when Ruby Frankie goes off the deep end.


Ruby's entire reaction to everything is, you think I'm bad? Let me show you how bad I can be. Her parenting style very quickly goes from call CPS to like, I think we need SWAT teams. Like this is becoming extremely fanatic religion. It's not even LDS faith anymore. It's just her religious views are going straight past normal faith to just full-blown extremists. It's not the same religion anymore. She's using it to exert power in the name of faith. She becomes obsessed with God and vlogging about God. She says, this is literally the way that God intended our children to be raised up. This is what happens when things go awry. It brings us back to home base, which is I'm a child of God.


I'm at the center. That is where I'm centered. And so I've been brought back to base and I decided that I was going to have more prayers to get through the day 'cause I've feel like I've been working really hard. She starts offering up advice to other moms. Yeah, she starts making like full dedicated videos to offer up advice and in one clip she says, what I say is often really difficult for people to hear and what I'm suggesting is that your woke child is a walking zombie and you have the opportunity to wake that zombie up. But we are beyond band-aids. We are beyond putting a little bit of ointment on the wounds. We are beyond that. The title of the advice video is aggressively titled Your Woke Child is a Walking Zombie.


I think it perplexed a lot of zens because it seemed like in the beginning there was some traction of like, let's call CPS. She's reacting negatively to this. So maybe CPS is on her. Maybe they're calling her, maybe they're visiting her home, which they did briefly. But then now with this sudden shift, zens feel more alarmed. They're commenting, she's giving Culty vibes, gonna see Ruby on a True Crime podcast while Ruby has completely gone off the rails. How has it come to this? What is this? You've gone off the deep end, Ruby, what is happening? I feel sick. Those poor kids who would ever take advice from this controlling woman and people start freaking out. Neighbors also notice that there are changes in the kids. They say around this point, the kids had been pretty bubbly up until this, but now they were very withdrawn and very seldom seen out of the house.


It almost seemed like there was no joy. When neighbor says, we don't know what was wrong, but there was something wrong. And then Ruby, Frankie and Charlie Delio clash. What? Maybe not directly, but their whole worlds kind of clash. Ruby is vlogging in the car and she looks very distraught. She explains that at the middle school where her daughter goes, the school organized this flash mob dance where the students would learn and perform a TikTok dance. Ruby says she thought TikTok dance. Hmm, well what are the dance moves? Well, what songs are in this? She says, her daughter told her one of the songs and she says quote. And I looked it up. I looked up at the lyrics and it was straight up hardcore porn. I was reading the lyrics quietly to myself as I was scrolling.


It's all lustful, it's all suggestive. It's all seductive. It's all perverse. Nobody wants to look out for these kids. The teacher is being very selfish because she wants to be hip up to date, cool doing tiktoks, entertaining the school. She wants to be light by these teens that are 12 and 13. So I'm gonna go into that school. I don't have an appointment, but I will sit in the office until I am seen. She vlogs about how she spoke with the assistant principal and they told her that they will relay the message to the principal and that maybe she can come in tomorrow to speak. It's hard to gauge at this point without knowing what song she's so incensed over. But knowing what we know so far, I'm not very inclined to ever take her side on anything.


The next vlog opens with her storming out of the school. She's spontaneously bursting into tears like an angry toddler that's not getting her. I am so upset. I'm so angry I could scream. She gets into the car and she's like, sniffling, sobbing. It's an inappropriately strong reaction. We sat down and I said, I have concerns about the TikTok dances. I said, my problem is the choice of songs. And she said, well, all the songs were approved by me. And I said, okay, so you approved this song that has all these lyrics in it. She says, well, we're not singing and we're not dancing to those lyrics. It's just a portion of the song. She mentioned how the principal was talking about a grocery chain that recently used it in one of their commercials, like a big Imagine Ralph's or Kroger.


Like you would think that it's family friendly. Then, you know, and obviously Nets were able to figure out what song had Ruby in tears. So distraught, it's low by Florid Shady. Got them apple bottom jeans, boots with the fur. The whole club was looking at her. Wow. She hit the floor. Next thing you know, shady got low, but in the in the grocery store chain commercial, they just keep replaying low, low, low. 'cause I guess like maybe discounts or something. Yeah. So I think that's the part that they were gonna play at the school, which I don't know, I just feel like there's so much worse that a 12-year-old could be exposed to like starvation, not having a bed, a wilderness therapy camp.


But Ruby decides this is the hill that she's gonna die on. She cries that the principal told her, well, that's moral for you and it's not gonna be moral for other parents, you know? And I said, it's what's moral, according to God. The principal explains that they're basically just using the low, low, low part. But Ruby is upset. Do you understand that? You're compartmentalizing, you're taking an immoral song, but you're saying you're only going to take this section of it. They offer to not let Ruby's daughter participate. But Ruby doubles down. She says, she told them, you are missing the whole point of why I'm here. I'm not here for anyone's comfort, including my daughters.


I'm not here to make her comfortable. Of course she can move classes, not because you said so, but because I said so. I'm the parent as you, the principal have these precious children and you're not protecting them, and she starts full on sobbing. You're introducing them to the world and you're saying It's okay. You are saying that you support this. In the end, you're not going to answer to me. Who is telling you that this is wrong? I said, you'll answer to what you brought into the school and you exposed the children too. The principal tells her, I am a hundred percent fine with the choice that I've made. And Ruby says, with giant tears streaming down her face that she told the principal, well, that's sick.


If I wanna raise my children, I'm gonna have to do it myself. I cannot count on their teachers, I cannot count on their principal, and I don't even like live in a really crazy city. I live in a quaint conservative city where people think they're safe. She claims the principal is evil. She says she is evil. For her to have a parent come straight at her and tell her how evil this is, and she does nothing speaking of evil, Ruby later says in another video, this is a separate video. I'm scared to share this because knowing people these days, I don't know how they're gonna respond. She goes on to talk about how she has six kids and she says the two youngest are showing long patterns of selfishness. They've been showing through their choices, their unwillingness to repent, their unwillingness to feel sorrow over some pretty egregious choices that they've made.


So Kevin and I have decided that we are going to give the gift of truth to them this Christmas. We are going to give them the gift of boundaries. We are going to give them the gift of repentance. We let them know how deeply sorrowful we've been because the choices that they have been making, and we told them that this year they are not going to be visited by Santa. We've prepped them and let them know that Christmas morning, their four older siblings will be getting Christmas presents to open and they will be getting the gift of love from their dad and I. We want them to really have a visceral experience that hits them. She's out here admitting that childhood trauma is the goal. She admits that she would even keep them home from school to force them to clean the entire house.


But she says, I was really hoping that that would bring them pain. And it didn't. It wasn't painful for them. It was like, ugh. It hasn't affected them because they're so numb. So the more numb your child is, the greater the experience. They need to wake them up. Kevin supports this message apparently because he also states the world has these definitions of what love and tenderness look like. I watch all these Christmas shows that I used to just love because I feel warm and fuzzy watching them. And this year I watched them and I'm like, oh, gross. Because warm and fuzzy and these shows is always about the end and the kid just getting whatever they wanted. The world has this message and society has bought into it hook, line, and sinker that love looks like commercialism.


Love looks like your kid gets the big thing. Big boxes, big red bows. That's love. If you love your children, that's what you're gonna do. Okay? These are completely different topics. If you don't like the commercialization of Christmas, and then don't get gifts for any of your kids or do homemade gifts or do something fun for each other. Why single out? The two youngest kids who out of all the children, probably take Christmas the most seriously because of their age? Nobody told you to buy a Lamborghini. Even a small educational toy to open on Christmas morning would suffice. God forbid a child is happy. One of the neighbor's kids and her parents came over to give the youngest daughter a gift. The other mom says, Ruby answered the door.


And my daughter said, Merry Christmas. Can you give this gift to the youngest daughter? She took it and then she closed the door and my daughter happened to see her later and she was so excited. She was like, did you get it? I picked that one just for you. And her face just dropped. And she was like, I didn't get it. My mom made me throw it away. So the two youngest were forced to watch all their siblings open presents and they got nothing. And this is when Ruby ditches her entire eight passengers YouTube channel and start strictly posting about being a quote mom of truth. She changes the channel name. Which when was this? This is in like 2021. Oh wow, okay.


2022. Yeah. And we're gonna get more into that in part two and three. But neighbors who are trying to closely monitor the situation, they start telling CPS, they start reporting Ruby because she's online saying things like children, little children are sexual beings. And when a child goes into their room and they do order where there was once chaos, they put their toys away and they pull their bed tight to fluff up their pillow and they organize all their stuffed animals and dolls. They put order to it and then they step back and they feel really good about it. That is an act of being sexual. A what? Yeah, to which someone comments. So that's called organizing.


Hope that helps. I would say that's more than enough grounds to call CPS. But one CPS worker asks the neighbor, well, did you see any signs of physical abuse on the kids? The neighbor said, I said, no, I didn't. I didn't see any physical signs of abuse on the Frankie kids. The CPS worker just told me that they needed to see some physical evidence for them to be able to step in. And the neighbor says in that moment, she wishes she had just lied to the government official to the CPS worker. Yes, I saw signs of physical abuse because maybe that would've been able to stop what comes next. And that is it for part one of the Ruby Frankie case.


In the second part, we'll be talking about Jodi Hildebrandt. So stay tuned. Let me know your thoughts and make sure to check out Sherry's book. Stay safe and I'll see you in the next one.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment. Whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here. Providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


This is Stephanie Sue of Rotten Mango, brought to you by Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value as specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelly Blue Book Co Incorporated. Toyota. Let's go places.