
Appliances and home systems all tend to break down at some point. But with an American Home Shield warranty, you're covered when your fridge is on a lifeline and your faucet won't stop leaking. A HS will fix or replace covered parts of your home systems and appliances no matter how old they are. Not to mention as a benefit. With select plans, you can video chat with your live repair experts to help assess or fix the issue on the spot. American Home Shield, don't worry, be warranty. Get 20% off any plan at ahs.com/rotten. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details including Service fees, limitations, and exclusions.


Jared knows what moms really want for Mother's Day, the opportunity to just sleep in and dream of idle playgrounds, empty sinks, and perfectly folded laundry. Of course, there's no better way to compliment mom's peace of mind than with a piece of fine jewelry from Jar Jewelers, a sparkling diamond penant necklace, or even 14 carat gold hoop earings perfect for the woman who keeps everything in your family. Perfect. This Mother's Day be the dad who went to Jared Badabing bad.


They say that eerie feeling never really goes away. It doesn't matter how many times they're called to these places. One person writes every single time we're called out, we expect every single human we come across in life and every single human that we meet to be alive. And then you see someone and you are told that they're dead. All your brain does is process. Oh, this person is no longer moving. And it's weird because logically you know they're dead because why else would you be here? But you also expect them to pop up or start moving after a while or start talking to you, but they don't because they're dead.


One person gives some advice on how to deal with it. My first death scene, I went to sleep and I could still see their eyes. I had to take pictures of their eyes. I just had to remind myself, it's a job. It needs to be done. You just have to make sure you leave all of the emotions at work. Do not bring it home with you. That is the job of a crime scene investigator. They have to be there to meticulously log every single detail and evidence, just taking pictures from every single angle, every feasible possible direction. Sometimes even though the purpose is taking pictures of the evidence, there is so much thought that goes behind every single picture entered in really gruesome cases.


Taking pictures of the extent of the gruesomeness of the brutality is very important. You need a ton of pictures though without all the quote unquote gore because they say if it's too gory, the defense attorney may successfully object to admitting a good chunk of the evidence pictures for the jury. So you need some that are probably going to make it to the jury. And then you need some that show the brutality, and then you need some that do a little bit of both. Hmm. How does that even work? I guess if it's just too, too graphic, they could try to not show the jury. One person writes. It's a very tough job.


Everyone that I know that's done the job ends up pensioned off with PTSD. I mean constantly documenting the tragedy and the worst of humanity eventually takes its toll. Just seeing the images is quite different from actually being at the crime scene where the trauma and the grief and the violence is not quite so abstract anymore. With one confirming. Since I've been in this field, we've lost on average one person every 18 months due to mental health. And what I mean by lost is not just a regular job turnover like they went and got a new job somewhere else that pays better. I mean, these people are totally unable to work at all in any field. They're gone and they're medicated.


The photos typically come in at least three sets, wide angle shots to show the jury typically the whole crime scene. Then mid-range shots to show a few pieces of evidence and in relation to each other and the whole scene. So if there's a knife next to a chair, you gotta figure out how to show the exact distance in a photo without letting the angle get distorted. Then you got the closeup shots of specific pieces of evidence. March 26th in Texas, officers arrive and the first thing that they will later take pictures of is that little green door to the apartment. They take a picture. This is the door to the unit. Unit 1707 swings open and the two officers are standing at the little threshold, the maintenance worker that just handed them.


The key to this person's unit is standing behind them. He probably can't see what's inside. I don't know If he even wants to see. He's just kind of standing there. The first thing the officers see though, is on the ground there's a very large stain. It's a trail of blood on the carpet. The trail of blood goes from the living room, the leather couch all the way into the hallway. Police, they walk in, they take a mental note, not to disturb anything because they've gotta get pictures of all of this later. But first they need to know what they're walking into right now. They follow the blood and it leads them all the way from the living room down the hallway to the right. And there's family photos throughout the entire apartment.


They follow this literal blood trail down the hallway into the bedroom on the right and on the floor there. Right when you open the door is the partially nude body of Kimberly Hill. There's this bloody hammer with a wooden handle laying next to her head. And it's pretty clear that Kimberly is deceased. I mean, this is the murder weapon. The report notes gaping wound on the back of her head, obvious head trauma. The officer writes, I notice blood and tissue on the floor. Brain matter was also on the floor next to the female, along with the hammer used. The rest of the two bedroom apartment is quote unquote cleared, meaning there's no suspect.


Whoever did this to Kimberly Hill is gone. CSI comes in to take photos, a bloody pink hoodie on the living room couch labeled as Photo 29 in the evidence file inside the bloody pink jacket, a bloody hairband also pictured in photo 29, a pink cell phone laying on the living room couch labeled as Photo 30 bloodstains on the hallway walls labeled as Photo nine apparent bloodstains on the hallway, restroom sink countertop labeled as Photo 10. All of these have to be meticulously logged and documented. But the most intriguing picture that the police want taken of a few notes left behind by the killer, the officers are leaning down.


Is this for us? Because it seems to directly address the officers. It reads, Chase me. Oh, and sorry for the mess, K kd. Who the hell is kd? Later when they finally catch the killer, they ask him, why did you write that letter? Did you write that for us? He just smiles. And Shylee states, I was just in a very playful mood at the time. But that's not the main note. The main note that the police are really alarmed by is left right at the entrance of the apartment. It's actually the first thing that you see when you walk in. The killer left it on top of the blood trail. So whoever comes in is going to read this note immediately.


And it reads, don't lose your head. She may yet live, although I doubt it. Hurry, Desirae Desirae. The is the 23 Yr Old daughter of Kimberly Hill, the woman who was murdered in her own apartment. So first of all, who would do this to Kimberly? And why are they now targeting her 23 Yr Old daughter? And is the killer going to get to Desirae the before the police can?


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the Joyful Heart Foundation. They are working to transform society's response to SADV ca and support survivors healing and with resources like education, advocacy, and policy change. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team. And we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. Today's case is probably one of the more gruesome cases I've covered. In recent, there's mentions of SA necrophilia animal abuse. If you are sensitive to these themes, please take care of yourself and we will see you in the next one. So with that being said, let's get into it on the very long list of things that married couples maybe want to do on their off day together.


This is probably the last thing. I mean, it's second. You know what? It's probably the last thing on a three page list of bullet points. If a list exists at the very bottom, it would read the unexpected guest. This is the last thing married couples wanna deal with. Timothy and Luanda are having their morning coffee in their hands. The doorbell rings. Luanda can kind of see out the window and she sees the figure of like a man. Who is it? We don't know. Timothy rests his little hot mug down and he walks up to the small front door, swings it open. It's 10:00 AM on a Thursday. Like, you better not be soliciting for some insurance right now. How can we help you? Timothy is scanning the stranger up and down.


He's quite short. He's scrawny. He looks, he looks very slender. He's got peach fuzz mustache, thin wire frame glasses sitting on top of his nose. I know it's not good to stereotype people, but he looks like a coder. He looks like he codes at night and is a engineer that works for meta. He looks mostly harmless. He looks mostly harmless, if not cautiously friendly. Do I know you? But that's what you say about off days. You can't really plan for these surprises because five minutes after that, knock on that door, the three of them are now awkwardly standing there. Luanda, Timothy and this stranger at their door.


Their backs are tents. They're just kind of standing awkwardly. If a drone were to pass over this tiny single family home in Texas, you might think these people are aliens trying to blend in as humans. The three of them standing in front of the front door, not really talking, not really doing anything, just kind of staring. It looks like they're frozen. If the front door is open and the couple have a clock, you would hear it ticking from outside. The coffee's probably cold by this point. The two Luanda and Timothy are taking turns clearing their throat. The husband Timothy does try to take some initiative in this situation. He asks a few stranger, he asks the a few questions to the stranger, but all the answers are coming back very vague.


I mean, perhaps some questions are better left for professionals. Maybe he should ask or switch directions. Would you like something to drink? The stranger looks him in the eye, contemplates for a woman and states, I'm scared of you. You're being too nice to me. I've never had anyone be nice to me like that. And then he just stares at them. Oh, what? Well, okay. I mean, there's not really many articulate things you can say back to that. Wait, they're standing and that's all is being said. That's it. Yeah. Okay.


I mean, It's very strange. They just watch the stranger then stare off onto the quiet residential road, just waiting to get picked up. Luanda steps aside to call the stranger's ride once more because what on earth is taking them so long? The tension, the awkwardness, she can't even take it anymore. And then finally she sees the very first car pull up, then the second. And at 10:00 AM on a Thursday morning, the cars pull up to pick up this stranger. Thank God. And even the stranger looks excited to be leaving. He's got both of his arms in the air and people start running outta the cars, tackling him to the ground. Those people from the cars also look excited, but in a very different way from Luanda and Timothy and even the stranger.


They pull his arms behind his back. You are under arrest for murder. When the cars rush off, Timothy and Lawanda likely just sit on the couch in silence because what the hell just happened? A stranger shows up a random morning to ask to use the phone to call nine one one to turn himself in because he just committed murder. And then they likely realize he never did tell us his name or who he was. Did he Wait? They heard the phone call. He told them straight up, hi, can I use your phone to call nine one one? I just murdered someone.


And then they made a call to nine one one. They said, we're on their way. Then they stood there awkwardly Luanda moved the side to call 9 1 1 again and was like, are you guys here yet? So they were really, really, really scared. Yes. How old are they? They're a middle aged couple fifties. What? Yeah. All he told them was that he killed someone. Do you remember why he said he killed that person? I just remember he told me. Lots of reasons. 23 Yr Old Desirae. The is brought into the interrogation room with the two officers. One of them is very bald, by the way.


A lot of people have commented that the center of his head where he's bald, is very bald to the point where the fluorescent lights do in fact kind of sparkle off the top of his head. But that's neither here nor there. I point that out because he appears to not be a Zen favorite. They sit Desirae the down on one of the chairs. 'cause remember there's a note left for her. She's wearing jeans, a red tank top. She looks like she's getting ready to go on a run or run some errands, but she just got pulled here instead. Initially, when the two investigators sit her down, it's kind of hard to say exactly how they're treating her. It feels like she's being treated as a suspect in this case, just judging by the way that they're talking to her, she sits down, her boyfriend is standing out of frame of the camera, and the officers break the news.


Then her mother, Kimberly Hill, has been murdered and Desirae the slams her hand on the table and she's screaming. She gets up and she's hyperventilating, trying to calm herself down so she can sit back down and talk to the investigators. I will say it's interesting because you read a lot about people's responses to shock and grief, and a lot of the times you can feel the shock and grief in their responses, but it still feels a little bit further away. Her reaction feels incredibly relatable for some reason. I don't know if it's her age, I don't know what it is, but it's the way that she's kind of trying to pace and hold it together.


And then she's sitting down and then she's standing up. She slams her fist on the table. She's clearly very distraught. But oddly, the investigators seem to have very little sympathy. Desirae, the iss gasping nonstop. It's like her body can't decide if she wants to collapse or keep sobbing. It doesn't make sense in between breaths that she sounds like she's choking on. She's apologizing to the officers. Sorry, I'm gonna calm down. She's sitting back down. She's screaming. No, no, no. And then she, it's, it's all over the place. Her boyfriend is in the room trying to comfort her, but she's inconsolable. It takes a few good minutes for Desirae the to be able to sit down. And clearly she's doing everything in her power to respond to these questions because every answer could be very helpful.


Right now, the officers wait for her to be semi calm and then they break the news to her. We were worried about you. We haven't told anybody else, but he the killer. He wrote some notes before he did what he did. He was planning on killing your mom and then killing you, and then leaving town Desirae. The takes a second to absorb what she's just been told. She was on the killer's hit list. She rests her head in her hands and she just says, that's crazy. Holy. But again, if that note was left for Desirae, the, if the plan was to kill Desirae the next, why didn't the killer come for her? Why is she still alive?


There's a lot of things hospice workers say that send a chill down your spine as you're working with these patients. And some of it isn't even the normal day-to-day working conditions. And of course, some of the older patients seeing things, people suffering from dementia, and they're talking to people that don't exist in the corner. Yeah, that's creepy sometimes, right? But other times there are things that hospice workers just feel in their gut. Something doesn't make sense. Something isn't right. One person writes online. One time an elderly woman died, so they did the usual procedure. You know, they have the doctor declare it, notify the family, start to prepare the body for the night. Since the morgue couldn't get her straight away, we put a cotton ball in her nose and her mouth to stop any leakage.


And just before her family comes, one of the staff members walks into her room and the woman is sitting up and moving very much alive. The staff member freaks out. Obviously, we help this woman and then passes the news on to the family. And a few hours later, she died again. For real this time. But we refuse to start the process again for a while, just in case. I don't know, it was just weird. Certain things just make you feel like something's not right here. You just have a bad, bad feeling about it.


This is your sign to never lower your standards. I am always on the hunt for the best skincare products. However, I feel like care with at-home convenience almost seem too good to be true until I found the shark cryo glow. They are truly the only LED mask that meets my standards. Shark cryo glow is FDA cleared, scientifically backed, clinically tested, and the best, most comprehensive LED mask. Hands down, the shark cryo glow mask features their innovative IQ LED technology that provides dermatologist optimized treatments with four unique modes, better aging, skin clearing, skin sustain, and undereye revive. This is my absolute favorite part. I will use it the next morning if I have a bad night where I can't sleep, it refreshes my under eyes and suddenly it feels like I'm ready for the day. If you're serious about your skincare routine and want something that actually delivers results, the shark cryo glow is your complete solution for healthier licking skin available@sharkbeauty.com


At one 800 flowers.com. We know that connections are at the heart of being human. Whether celebrating life's joys or comforting during tough times, 1-800-FLOWERS helps you express what words can't. For nearly 50 years, millions have trusted 1-800-FLOWERS to deliver thoughtful gifts that help create lasting bonds. Because it's more than just a gift. It's your way of showing you care. Visit one 800 flowers.com/s XM and connect today. That's one 800 flowers.com/s xm.


Bombas makes the most comfortable socks. Underwear and t-shirts Warning bombas are so absurdly comfortable. You may throw out all your other clothes. Sorry. Do we legally have to say that? No. This is just how I talk and I really love my bombas. They Do feel that good and they do good too. One item purchased equals one item donated. Do Feel good and do good? Go to bombas.com/s XM podcast and use Code S XM podcast for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/s XM podcast. And use code s XM podcast to check out


Celeste and Kathleen. They got a bad feeling about this. They show up to the apartment complex. It feels like they got a giant 10 pound watermelon in their stomach. Celeste runs a hospice center in Texas, and Kathleen is an employee, but they're not even here for a patient. They're here for the coworker, Kimberly Hill. She's supposed to show up for a meeting to discuss a few of the patients. She's a no-show, which doesn't make any sense if anybody is on time. It's Kimberly Hill. She served in the Marines for a decade. Like this woman shows up on time. She does not miss a beat. If she's going to, she's gonna let you know. Celeste and Kathleen decide why sit at work all day stressing out when we just drive over, maybe for the once, one time in her lifetime.


She's slept in, they drive closer into the apartment building, closer into the parking lot, and they see a swarm of cop cars just parked out front with the lights on, which is alarming. But who's to say that every flashing light on a cop car is even meant for them? Like, what if this has nothing to do with them and they're just thinking too deep? They drive closer and closer in silence into the lot. And by the time that they park the car, they know because they can visually see all the officers going up and down in and out of one unit. Unit 1707, Celeste and Kathleen are trying to talk to the police, but they're all, ma'am, back up. You cannot go into the unit right now. Can you just tell us what's happening? When is the last time you spoke with Kimberly Hill?


Yesterday? We talked to her yesterday. She was happy. She was having a good day. What? What is happening? The autopsy for Kimberly Hill is multiple pages long, mainly focusing on the extensive blunt force trauma to the head. The external examination report reads the scalp is covered by abundant brown hair. The eyes are gray. The nose and lips are unremarkable, aside from changes described below. The oral cavity has native teeth and fair state upper back has a tattoo of a pair of eyes. She died two days before her 51st birthday. In addition, the brain has multiple lacerations, predominantly at the right side. The brain has scattered, hemorrhaging the anterior base of the skull at the left and right sides have fractures.


The left subdural area has a one fourth inch to a four inch moist subdural hematoma. In addition, identified within the hair of the scalp are bone fragments and approximately 100 grams of pulp brain matter. To break that down, the injuries to the brain are so severe that there are actual tears in the brain tissue. So there's physical tearing of the brain matter. You know how skin can be torn. The inside of the brain is torn, which you're only going to get that from severe blunt force trauma to the head penetrating injuries where objects will break through the skull and tear the brain. Or when the skull bone fragments pierce into the brain tissue, there's breaking of the bones.


At the bottom part of the skull, there's a brain bleed with pooling of blood. But one of the most alarming details in the entire autopsy is obviously the ified brain tissue. Brain tissue in that sense has become blended, and brain tissue is now being expelled from the skull. The brain tissue is outside the skull. It is in the person's hair. About 100 grams has left the skull. That's a deck of playing cards. That's a, A chocolate bar. That's a dove soap. That's how much brain has been expelled from the skull and has ified. The detective working this case is trying to get some clear answers about the injuries to the victim's head, likely clarifying things from the case files.


Is this in the front or the back of the head? The injuries top back mainly. I mean, actually the entrance wound is around here, yonder here somewhere. The man explaining it to the detective is calmly, very professionally, almost gesturing to the back of his head to show the detective where the majority of the wounds are. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. The, the two detectives are taking a moment to soak in this information. Then the detective turns to the man at the police station and asks. Then so when you dragged her to the bedroom, you kept hitting her there.


Yeah. The detective is not talking to the medical examiner. He's talking to the killer. The interrogation room is tiny. It barely fits a desk in three chairs. There's two investigators and the killer, the suspect, he's wearing black short sleeve t-shirt, wire frame glasses, resting his chin in his hand. The suspect's shoulders are even more relaxed than the investigator sitting across him. This looks more like a conference room that you book out in your local college for group projects. That's the energy of the way this guy is sitting. The detective looks at him. How about us? You think you wanna kill us?


He waves his hand in front of his face. Oh no. Men aren't actually my thing. Women? Yeah. Do you have a girlfriend? I don't. I've never had a girlfriend, actually. I'll tell you what. Give me your fantasy of killing a woman. Like how would your fantasy, what would be the ultimate killing? What? What would that be? The suspect in the black shirt looks a little shy. He's resting his chin on his hand. It's a little peculiar. And you know, I'm on camera. Look, we're not gonna be surprised at what we hear, but you, you tell us. He looks up, stares into the abyss for a second.


His chin is resting in his hand. Like he's thinking about a good steakhouse that he ate a few weeks back, maybe dressing up in a nice suit, sneaking into her house, disabling her boyfriend. I'd bring a pretty dress with me to dress her up in, and I always was into strangling. But I guess after that last blunder, I guess maybe something big and sharp would be more along, more along my thing. Then I could, I don't know, probably decapitate her. It takes a moment to scratch his chin with his index finger. I, I prefer my woman dead.


I would dress her up, I'd stitch her up, just kind, kind of try to work the head back on perhaps, I don't know. Then I'd go to town and it would be a night to remember, and then I'd kind of just burn everything and run for the hills. First of all, why did the police ask that question? Yeah. I think everything about this confessional with this suspect so far indicates a serial killer in the making. So maybe that's why they asked. I will say the interrogators for this case are not widely liked. I think a lot of people think good thing the killer confessed because they were not gonna solve this case.


Mm. A few things that are psychologically intriguing aspects to his perfect crime. The first being that his perfect fantasy involves being nicely dressed in a suit and he would bring a dress for his victim. Psychologists say the fact that his fantasy includes him dressing up in formal attire, specifically a suit which in men usually serves as a symbol of status, professionalism. It carries some level of power. Then the fantasy of dressing up the female victim is additionally telling. They say the victim is treated as an object to be manipulated. Changing a victim's clothing is actually a form of asserting control over their body and their identity. The fact that he is dressed in a suit, the fact that he wants to dress the victim, that suggests almost a ceremonial aspect to the fantasy as well.


And interestingly in the fantasy, he mentions he's going to target a house with a couple rather than a woman that lives alone. And the first thing he's going to do is disable the boyfriend. Which means the offender may desire to demonstrate dominance over other men, potentially enhancing feelings of power. So he's not talking about Desirae the No, he's not talking about Kimberly. He's not talking about Desirae. The this is his perfect murder. Hmm. The perfect, like he would get the most satisfaction out of the ultimate fantasy for him. There's actually quite a bit the investigators have to go off of on this case, the killer even left a few notes for them. The two from the beginning of this case.


One Taunting the police, the other taunting Desirae the but a third is about the killer himself. He writes at the very top life resignation, notice underlined. I had a change of heart. I said I was going to do it. And so now I'm going to stick by my word. I am a man after all, albeit a hilarious one. Too much damn work. So many obligations, seriously people. But most of all, fuck me by the way. I've always fantasized about murdering and are wording you too. It's kind of funny how you never really know someone, not even your own son or brother.


Sorry for the bathroom mess. Mother. Good luck recovering from the shock. You two. Sincerely or not, Kevin Jare Davis. Kevin Jare Davis is Kimberly Hill's biological son and Desiree's half brother. And who is this letter addressed to? He's talking to the mom and the sister, right? Yes. But he just killed the mom? Yes. Or or was this like mint for her to see before Her? Yes. He thought about self exiting. He wrote this letter and then he changed his mind and killed his mom instead.


Oh, the bottom of the letter, there's a little notation. PS I killed that stupid gray cat because I was bored one day. Sorry. Now 10th grader, 18 Yr Old Kevin Davis is sitting in that interrogation room less than 10 minutes after reading Kevin, his rights. Kevin is calm. One hand is resting on the armrest, the other is casually placed under his chin. Sometimes he itches his chin, sometimes he gestures to talk. It doesn't appear like he's nervous. He's just chatting, answering all the questions. Is she your natural biological mother? Yeah, actually she is my natural mother. But I take after my father, he later goes on to explain, but he's not really in the picture.


He's an idiot. He's an idiot. Yeah. He looks at both the interrogators. I always loved my mother, I guess in the wrong sort of way, but kind of love, I guess maybe some rage. Maybe just a little. He mentions to the two detectives in the room very casually. Oh yeah. I lost my virginity to a corpse. What did he just say? He says the whole night starts because he asked his mom for permission. Permission for what? To die. At the very beginning, I asked my mother for permission to die.


Well, that doesn't really matter why I wanted to, sure it does. I'm bored with life. I don't like life. I don't like people. I don't like living it basically. There's really nothing or anything depressing about it. It's just what it is. And what did she say to you about that? She said basically, I'm a grown man and she can't really stop me. She was distraught over it. Over, of course, you know, she was very distraught. But she said that she would cope with it if I did. And that's kind of why she wanted me to go away. You got pissed at that. Kevin explains that. He wasn't upset. He thought about self exiting that night, but something happened.


He said, you know, not necessarily. I just knew it was time to act now or never. I kind of molded over. And then on a whim, actually, I turned it over and wrote a plan to kill my mother and my sister. Both of them, quite frankly, it's always been a fantasy, like a thing of mine. I'm a bit of a pervert. It's actually a fantasy of mine. But that didn't happen. You know, the best laid out plans never work out apparently, or at least the one scribbled on a piece of paper. So how did he do it? Kevin starts calmly telling his version of events. Kimberly Hill, his mom is sitting on the couch watching tv. Kevin approaches her from behind. He says, I tried to strangle her with a cord ripped from my video game console controller.


That didn't end up working well because he states Kimberly starts screaming. So he runs back to her room, opens the drawer of the very bottom drawer of the dresser, pulls out a hammer. He says, I went back in the living room and well, you kind of get the gist from there. She was out pretty quickly. How many times did you hit her with the hammer in the living room? At least 20. But she was still alive. I dragged her into the room, as you probably clearly saw, I actually had to drag her by her clothes to get her there. That that was actually a very laborous, actually, it was just very kind of sloppy. I kind of just winged it. I dragged her from her shirt, I dragged her from her legs.


I dragged her by any way I could. I kind of fell. I mean, I don't really exert a lot of physical labor, so I'm not very, I'm not a very strong person. He uses his hands to narrate. He sounds like an older southern lady that's a little bit disgruntled at an establishment because they forgot to give her her ice water. A little bit of disdain, but not, it's not vicious. Just very casual. This is probably the second least entertaining part of his day. That's when he said, that's when I had sex with her corpse. You did? Did you finish?


I did actually. Have you ever done that before? Like had an intimate relationship with your mom? No, I haven't actually. He continues to tell investigators that after killing and committing acts of necrophilia against his mom, he took a bath. He said he had to my down there. Well, that's a little personal, but I needed to clean it off and I got changed. How did you come up with the idea of killing her and assaulting her corpse? How did I come up with it? Yeah, it's been a developing idea. He just shrugs and looks off to the side. Like what kind of question is that?


Like how did you come up with the idea of breathing? I don't know how to answer that. That's the attitude Kevin says. He's always been fascinated by death despite how I ended her life. I'm kind of more fascinated by the more artistic ways of murder, the meticulous manner, the way they cut them open, just slice them to pieces. I mean, such care, such love. If you ever see a cow standing off to the side of the road staring intensely at you for prolonged periods of time just not moving frozen, it feels like they're trying to remember you from a past life. The cow is staring into the depths of your soul. It's not a weird cow.


It might just be mad cow disease. It's a neurological disease. And if you walk closer, you might even hear the cow grinding their teeth. Mad cow disease has a 100% mortality rate. It's terrifying. There's about 233 people that contracted a variant of mad cow disease from eating infected cows. And there is a similar one that only affects humans. And it doesn't start with cows. It's called kru. Mad cow disease and kuru are both pion diseases. Pion is a misfolded protein and it just acts like a molecular zombie. And they get other proteins to get misfolded and then they clump together. And then those clumps of misfolded proteins create microscopic holes in the brain.


And it quite literally turns the brain into a sponge like a Swiss cheese sponge. And it can happen so slow. Sometimes symptoms can take 50 years to show. And when you feel it, there is no stopping it. The fatality rate is 100%. Curu is the so-called human version of mad cow disease. And at first you think, what is wrong with this person? Are they just having a good time? Because they have these pathological bursts of laughter and it's so confusing. 'cause you're like, why are you laughing? Nothing is funny. I'm so confused. But then you maybe go with it because like maybe they're thinking about something funny, but they're not. Some people call kuru the laughing sickness, and then the shakes start the unsteadiness.


The entire body is like vibrating while you walk. Additionally, the toes remain forever curled. The feet feel too painful to take too many steps. The term kuru means too shake or tremble. And as your body is shaking, there are holes being made inside of your brain. And death is not quick. Sometimes it takes three, sometimes it takes 23 months. How does a person Contract Kru? Yeah, Let's say you eat a human brain. Kevin is staring at the officers in the interrogation room and something is not adding up. The officers need to figure out, is this murder or is this capital murder?


So in the state of Texas, If he kills his mother and then commits, commits acts of necrophilia, it's regular murder. If he our words, his mother and then kills her, it's capital murder because capital murder needs aggravating circumstances. So it's actually kind of sick and twisted because you would think that both are capital murder, but it's not. So they're trying to ask these clarifying questions. So she's dead by the time that he drags her into the bedroom to assault her corpse. Is that the story Kevin attempts to? Kevin is explaining that he attempted to strangle her, then got the hammer, and then dragged her to the bedroom and then assaulted her. He says that his mom tried to act dead, but he knew that she was still alive because she was making noises, quote, she was still snoring like a baby.


Which side note, some context, I feel like unfortunately this comes up every now and then. In these cases, when people suffer from severe blunt force trauma, they may sound like they're snoring at times. It's a very specific type of breathing that almost indicates that they're actively in the dying process. If it sounds like someone is snoring after blunt force trauma to the head, death is likely imminent without immediate intervention. The condition generally takes two breaths to several hours to progress into just ultimately no more breathing. So that's why this will happen a lot more with children. When parents kill their own children, they'll think that the child is sleeping because of the snoring noises, and then they'll die it.


It's not snoring. Kevin says he decides at that point to take a knife, a steak knife from the kitchen and Stirk her brains with it. That is the words to use. Like he stick the knife through the Wound in her skull to Stirk her brains. And that's how, why The part, Yes, is pulverized pulped. Yeah. Actually, I used that to Stirk her brains up a little, but then that didn't really work out, so I just kind of decided to dive in on it. Then I kind of wormed my hands into her brain just just to kinda cut it.


She was still alive. She was still alive. And then you went in there and you kind of grabbed those brains? Yeah, I just finished it. Okay. So that's when you reached in and you grabbed her brain? Yeah, I tried to kick at it a little bit too. That was kind of silly. But then, yeah, I just decided to reach in and kind of just do it later. A psychiatrist from Kevin's prison will testify to the jury that quote, he used the hammer to kill his mother. And of course the skull split open. He wanted to make certain that she was dead. He stuck his hand in the skull and mixed up the brains. And then I think he told me he got a knife and mixed them up as well. Then he said it felt like pudding, like putty, the texture, the consistency of the brain tissue.


He said that he also tasted the brain near the end of the interrogation, the officers asked Kevin after the murder, after the necrophilia quote. So you were covered in blood? Oh yeah, I was covered in blood, my glasses. I mean, everything was a mess. Do you feel bad for what you've done to your mother? In a way, yes, but I wouldn't take back what I did. I mean, it's strange, really. I did love her in a way. Was she being mean to you? Oh, no. No. She's been the best mother. So this is nothing that she did? Oh, absolutely nothing. No.


If I was to ask you what did she do to deserve this, what would you answer? Absolutely nothing. I made terrible, cruel, disgusting person. Basically, The only reason that he didn't go after his sister, like his original plan is because, well, I decided against it because I had my fill of killing. I didn't, it seemed a little much, A little too excessive. Yeah. But he did leave that taunting note to her, which they asked him about. And he starts touching his ear a little bit. Like he is talking about a distant family member that's got some problems. You know, my sister, she's a good girl, rather sensitive.


I knew she would lose her head if she kind of saw that. But then you wrote that note, you knew your mom was already dead. Oh yeah. I I knew it. Were you just messing with Desirae the that she might still be alive In my sixth sense of humor, I was pretty, I was pretty well off my rocker by then. Do you consider yourself mentally disturbed or crazy? Do you consider yourself any of those things or you think you're just okay? Like you just have some bad thoughts? I'm not mentally disturbed. I mean, I'm saying I know exactly what I did. I know that it's wrong in the traditional sense of wrong, and I feel vaguely kind of like I'm done. So you still feel like you're done with your mom?


You still feel like you wanna keep on killing to keep on the other fantasies? Or how do you feel? Kevin takes a moment. He sigh. I came here to pay for my crime, so I guess I should continue with the truth. Truthfully, yes, definitely. I would kill again. Wow, if this is how bad 18 Yr Old Kevin is, if this is how Unstoppably evil, how did somebody not notice? Or did they? And nobody said anything. I mean, police are trying to figure that out. All Kim told her close friends was yes. Sometimes she has problems with Kevin because he doesn't really like going to school and he just wants to play video games. And he does kind of seem like a loner with no friends.


But that's it. The detectives ask around, they all say the same thing. Some of them even say, I thought he was a good kid.


At one 800 flowers.com. We know that connections are at the heart of being human. Whether celebrating life's joys or comforting during tough times, 1-800-FLOWERS helps you express what words can't. For nearly 50 years, millions of trusted 1-800-FLOWERS to deliver thoughtful gifts that help create lasting bonds, because it's more than just a gift. It's your way of showing you care. Visit one 800 flowers.com/s XM and connect today. That's one 800 flowers.com/s xm.


If you don't know about our flyer deals on Instacart, this message is for you. Flyer deals are like strolling through your favorite store looking for deals, but instead you're scrolling on your phone. Because getting delivery doesn't mean you have to miss out on in-store deals like the creamer that doesn't upset your stomach or the pasta sauce that you can't not buy when it's on sale. Download the Instacart app, shop flyers and never miss a deal. Plus get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes.


Hi, we're Mochi Health, your long-term weight loss solution. We'll connect you with a board certified provider to discuss your unique goals. Eligible patients can access custom formulated GLP one medications at an affordable fixed price deliver to their door monthly. Take our free eligibility quiz@joinmochi.com and use code audio 40 at checkout for $40 off your first month of membership. That's join MOCH i.com. Results may vary. Eligible GLP one, patients typically lose one to two pounds per week in their first six months with mochi and combine with a healthy lifestyle.


In the interrogation room, they asked Kevin, how do you do in school? Pretty mediocre. I never really could muster up a, I don't even really care. I mean, I guess I excelled in English for all that reward. How about sports? No, I don't really like Sports Desirae. The says, while Kevin has never been violent or abusive to anybody, he just seemed like he had some social issue. She says he was kind of born different. He had severe A DHD. He doesn't really have any friends. His dad is no good, but he was never physically abusive or anything like that. He would pop off at the mouth and tell my mom crazy stuff like you, you fat, like stuff like that. And she would just let it eat her alive.


Desirae, the was on the phone with her mom the night of the murder. She says, my mom told me that they got into a fight and Kevin was just being disrespectful and just saying some really hurtful things. She told me she would call me when she felt stronger. Do you know what the fight was about? Kevin was just being disrespectful. It was something as simple as this commercial came on for a dating site and he just out of the blue said, yeah, mom, you gave up on love. And she said, no, Kevin, I didn't give up on love, but even if I wanted to find love, I couldn't have anybody over because you're here. And I mean, that's my mom really. She loves this kid. It's not like they had this horrible relationship. She just bought him a hundred dollars jacket and she knew he would just throw it on the floor just because she thought he liked it.


She cares about him. My mom told me last night that he screamed, I, I wanted to say this for such a long time, but I don't give a fuck about you or my sister if you guys died. It's crazy. You know, this kid is spoiled to death in there. She was just really upset and I was trying to calm her down. So the cop did tell her that it was the brother? Yeah. And what was her reaction or That was the reaction from earlier in the episode? Oh, she's like up and down and Hysterical. Screaming, no, she found no. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Has he always had a few issues? Desirae, the says when he was little out of nowhere, he would just draw.


That was bad. People getting shot, stuff like that for no reason. Wait, how is my brother doing in all of this? Was he just straight faced? Yeah, he's here in the other room. He's confessed to doing it, so he admits doing it. He's got no bones about it. Your brother's a little strange. He, he had no indication in the past that he was violent. I mean, we've had fights, a face-to-face where we were screaming at each other and he's never hit me. He's never ever done anything like that. I've never seen him really get so angry to where he'll even punch in a wall. I, I've never seen that. The detectives oddly laugh. You are the one that punches a wall, right? Yeah. I mean, there are issues he would talk about if they had a fight, like, I'm gonna self exit, blah, blah, blah.


And one time my mom did call the police and they did take him to the hospital. They confirmed that Kevin has no girlfriend, no friends in general, and he spends most of his day on the computer. Now, side note, experts do not believe that Kevin would've ever self exited even his life resignation notice, which is supposed to be the last letter he leaves his family. He writes, good luck recovering from the shock you to his self exit. Had he ever done it would've just been to hurt others, but he decided I'm just gonna hurt them directly. Instead, the detectives asked. Kevin, did you ever tell anybody else what your plans were, what you wanted to do to your mom and your sister? No, but over the years, there were hints. As a younger boy, I was a lot dumber, a lot more angsty.


I said things, but I guess they basically brushed it off. I guess the hints were everywhere, but they're my family. Family looks past that kind of stuff when they try not to look at it. I guess later, Kevin is asked about committing necrophilia and if that's the First Time that he's done any sort of, well, they use the word sex. They ask. You've never done that before. Kevin has his chin resting in between his thumb and index finger and he looks down, then he taps his index finger on his face, his chin three times and says, well, I guess since I'm being quiet about it, I might as well tell you now. It's on that note too, the PS part.


We used to have a gray cat named Claire. Yeah, bestiality is a thing of mine too. So I strangled it. I drowned it, and then I cut it open and the rest you get the rest you to the cat. To the cat corpses. Yeah. With the dead cat. Yeah. Have you ever done anything with a live person? No. So that's your thing, having intimate relations with live people don't turn you on. It's the dead part. Dead person, dead animal. That's what turns you on. No, I, I don't necessarily mind. I don't have standards. I don't have morals. A body is a body in the end.


It's a piece of meat. I guess that's harsh to say, but no, I don't necessarily have a preference. I near the end of the interrogation, Kevin has asked. Anything else you wanna add about what happened that's important that we should know? Not really, unless you're interested in other colorful details. What like, yeah. What, So a lot of people are confused why Kevin turned himself in. The plan was to kill his mom and then go kill his sister. He decides not to kill his sister. He said he thought it was a little much a little excessive. However, a lot of people think it's because she probably was living with her boyfriend and he decided it wouldn't end up happening. Like he would be overpowered by the boyfriend.


And that seems to be a part of his fantasy is to disable the boyfriend. And if that doesn't work, it wouldn't, it would be the opposite of his fantasy. So then he says he got on his bike, he rode all night long. So he is biking this, the murder takes place at 8:00 PM and then all night he's biking 10 in the morning on Thursday, he shows up to a random person's house and he decides I'm not gonna do it anymore. Like I'm not gonna go on the run. There's no point. I think that he genuinely knew that his odds on the run, because he didn't have a plan, were not good. So after the murder, he wrote those multiple notes? Yes. One is for the cops? Yes. One is for the Sister. That's right. Yeah. And he left it at the front door?


Yes. Because he thought the sister was gonna come over. I don't think that he thought that the people at work would call in a wellness check. Oh, so that's how the police came before? Yes. The work people came. Yes. It was a wellness check. Yes. Turns into a Yes. And then simultaneously he's at a random person's ho house in the town over asking to call 9 1 1 because he killed someone. And that triggers more police to show up to check on Kimberly. Oh, okay. He's very calm throughout the entire part, where he shows up to Timothy's house and his wife's house. He even says about that night bike riding. You know, I kind of zigzagged around like an idiot.


I had no idea where I was gonna go. I mean, it was a little leisurely because I mean, after you murder someone, after you crossed that kind of line, you don't really think about what you're gonna do next. And then they call 9 1 1 Timothy and Luanda and they're remarkably calm. 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Yes ma'am. Someone just knocked on my door. He's here at my door right now and he wanted me to call 9 1 1 because he just murdered someone. And he's there right now? Yes ma'am. And I'm scared. And he said he murdered someone? Yeah. Okay. Is there any way that maybe I could speak with him? Lawanda takes her phone off her ear and shouts back at Kevin, would you like to talk to nine one one on the phone? Kevin walks up.


Oh, sure. Hello. What's going on, sir? Oh, as I've said, I've murdered someone. Actually, you said that you killed her. What happened? Well, I killed her. I guess it'll come out in court. What I'm saying is did you shoot her? Did you stab her or? I bludgeoned her with a hammer. Okay, sir, we're gonna get somebody over there. Okay. Okay. Bye. He tells Timothy and Luanda that he's been walking the train tracks all night crying before he decided to turn himself in. Luanda said she was very scared. Don't get her wrong, but she was also kind of confused on whether she believed it or not. She says, I thought maybe he might have been on medication or something because he was just too calm, too nonchalant about everything.


Like she thought maybe he's on drugs and thought he did that, but not really. Yeah. As to why Kevin answered Luanda and Tim's questions like, why'd you kill someone? He says lots of reasons. He explains I was using their phone, so I thought I might as well tell them when they asked me questions. I mean, they had questions and I'm using their phone. Timothy was supposed to be at work that day, but called off, which a lot of people think if Timothy had not been at that house, he might have committed murder. Again, it seems like he is scared of physical confrontation of other men. He's a bit scrawnier. He likes to, I guess, take advantage of people that might be vulnerable to him, whether that be his mom because his mom loves him, or whether that be a woman that is smaller in stature.


But people suspect without Timothy, he might have tried to kill Rwanda, but didn't have the courage to overpower him. When investigators ask Kevin how long he's felt like this, he said, since around my preteens actually. Did you ever seek any kind of medical attention? Psychologically? No, I never sought any medical attention, actually just accepted this was part of me. I wasn't really ashamed of it. It just is what it is. According to forensic analysis of his computer, there are computer files, image video files, web searches for our wording, torture and corpse related sexual fantasies. And as for Kim, a lot of zens are distraught knowing that everyone, Kevin Desirae, the both say that she was a good mom. She did nothing wrong. She did not deserve this, but he still killed her in a way that, 'cause I think, not saying that any parent who is killed by their child deserves it in any sense of the word, but I think a lot of people are comparing this to serial killer cases.


Jeffrey Dahmer, ed Kemper, a lot of people that might have complicated. Well, Jeffrey Dahmer not as much, but Ed Kemper had a seriously complicated relationship with his mom, and a lot of people thought he's headed in that direction to become a serial killer, except his mom was not overtly disciplinarian with him. His mom was not overpowering or doing anything that typically triggers these serial killers. Again, if she was, it's still not her fault. It's just it doesn't make sense to a lot of medicines. Yeah, Yeah. So exactly like what is going on with you, right? Yes. And unfortunately there's not a lot of information on Kimberly.


We just know that she served in the Marines for 10 years and she was working in hospice and a lot of her patients family members adore her. She also clearly cares a lot for her kids in the bookshelf, in her room, she had a note displayed inside of a glass picture frame. It's a handwritten note left early to make your day easier. Love you. See you after school. Kevin, the fact that she framed that is, that's probably the most loving note she ever got from Kevin in the interrogation room. Kevin has asked, tell me, what do you think should happen to you? What do you think your punishment should be? He's very nonchalant. Whatever the judge, the people, the jury deem fit. I can rot. I can suffer for years, or I can get the death penalty, whatever they think is for me.


What do you think you deserve for killing your mom? I just deserve to rot and suffer. It is what it is he adds. I don't expect people to think very highly of me after this. The DA's office offers Kevin 60 years in prison, but he rejects it, which is interesting. So either he or his attorney thought that he would get less with a jury trial, which is crazy. He was found to have a personality disorder, but ultimately declared sane. During the trial, the jury has shown the interrogation footage and as they're watching him confess to likely some of the most heinous crimes they've ever heard uttered on this planet. When that video is over, he swivels around in his chair, faces the jury, and smiles at them During impact statements, Desirae the comes to face her brother.


The whole time he's just shrugging, sighing as if he's getting a lecture from an older sister. Kim's dad, his grandfather tells him, I don't quite know what to say to you. You killed your mother. You just don't do that. You took the only person who had your back and now you're all alone. He's cracking his knuckles. He's smiling. He's stretching his legs. What? When witnesses are asked to identify him, he waves and smiles at them. It takes a jury less than an hour to convict him, but because he was not charged with capital murder, he will be eligible for parole March 25th, 2044. What is that like? How old was will he be?


So that will be, he'll be like 50. Wow. But so there's no, no reports of what's his issue? Like what, what, what? Personality disorder is Mainly The only thing. Yeah. And he is held in a facility that focuses on psychiatric issues, but I don't think he's gonna get out for parole. But legally speaking, he is eligible. And a lot of people say this is one of the most disturbing true crime cases that they've ever come across. A lot of people feel like he's Edmund Kemper in the making a notorious serial killer. Others are just upset at quote Justice.


They say this thing is eligible for parole. Others are just having introspective moments. I mean, there are probably hundreds of thousands of people like this on earth. It's insane to think that they dwell amongst us with one commenting. To be honest, this guy sounds like an eight chan edge, Lord, basement dweller who admired serial killers but wouldn't have the balls to become one. He's a wannabe killer who is really just a sad loser who just watched way too many sick, intimate videos in Gore. Others believe that his mom is wrong. This is crazy. Some people say that when he told his mom that he was gonna self exit that day, she didn't do enough to stop him. And that's what triggered this. But others argue or some people argue.


No, the mom must have been abusing him somehow. We just don't know it. To which a lot of medicines write back. He's just plain old evil people say, oh, he must have been abused. He must have been the, he's just straight up evil. I don't know why it's so hard for people to comprehend that he's evil and evil exists in the world. He's sick, he's evil, he's psycho. That's the comment. Others are upset with how the investigators are treating Desirae. The writing. These two detectives were so unprofessional and treated. The poor sister dreadfully, their conduct was unbelievably terrible with another comment agreeing, great work by the cops for making this as traumatic as possible for the sister. Some even point out the 9 1 1 operator. The way the 9 1 1 operator handled this was incredibly unsafe and ridiculous.


Asking her to make direct prolonged contact with the brutal killer. Like, can he talk on the phone with me and the police not showing up until after the second call with another writing back? Yeah. 9 1 1. What's your emergency? There's a killer at my door. Okay, can you put him on the phone for me? And that is Lynette. As in reaction to the case of Kevin Davis. What are your thoughts on this case? Let me know in the comments. Be safe and I'll see you in the next one


On chumba casino.com. Gaming hits different. Chumba Casino is the online social casino with over 100 games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. Join today for your free welcome bonus and free daily logging bonuses and play. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, visit chumba casino.com. Let's chumba no purchase necessary. VGW Group Ford. Were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions supply.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.