
From a DT comes trusted neighbor. Your home is your sanctuary. Managing who comes and goes can be just as peaceful through the A DT plus app. Your home security system is right at your fingertips. For example, you can grant access to your dog walker when you're at work. And it's not only about the convenience. When something needs your attention, like a security alert, ADTs trusted neighbor system will automatically notify your designated contacts. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C. All rights reserved.


132 rooms, 157 suspects. One dead body, one wildly eccentric detective, one disastrous state dinner, and at the center of it all, a case unlike any other, the new Netflix series, the residence is a screwball who done its set in the White House from Shondaland. The series features an all star cast led by Uzo ABA as Cordelia Cup. The most sought after detective in the world. Watch the residents March 20th, only on Netflix. Badabing bad. There has been a crime in the workplace. And Tim Dickey, the man in charge has to figure out what the hell is going on.


He's gotta investigate. He's sitting down with everybody. Anybody that's heard or potentially saw anything, he's sitting across from them because all of these people could be witnesses one day and they all tell him the same thing. Well, everyone talks about them having an inappropriate relationship. Mm, okay, I see. I mean, have you seen anything with your own eyes or is it just a rumor that you're hearing from everyone, your peers? Well, I've heard A lot from A lot of others that they're dating. It's pretty clear though, that she has the power and she favors him. He barely puts in any work and he gets all the rewards. Honestly, it's a pretty gross, massive power imbalance to say the least.


Another person tells Tim Dickey along the lines of, I've heard that they met up after hours, that they have these secret meetings in the night in their in her car. It's all very hush hush. But the worst part is I've heard the rumor that she's actually pregnant. Others say that's not even the worst part. It actually does indeed get worse. They say that they've heard rumors that sometimes he would stand behind her desk and she would pretend to go under her desk to look for something. Oops. I dropped my pencil crawl down there, and in front of everybody else in the room, she would quote, touch his stuff. Not to mention some of the notes found in her desk that he allegedly wrote.


One just reads, you're sexy. Another reads, I want you, let's smash six feet long, whatever that means. The witness's statements are pretty consistent, but Tim Dickey thinks, well, what if? What if they're too consistent? It's a little too convenient, right? I mean, he thinks all the stories kind of sound similar, like they're all just rumors that people have been circulating from desk to desk. But has anybody actually seen anything? It's time to bring in the suspect. They bring in 27-year-old Brittany Zamora. She walks into Tim Dickey's office. She's sitting at the other end of his desk and there's already tears just streaming down her face.


It does not appear that she's having a good time. Listen to him, please. There are really only two things in this world that I care about, and it's my husband and my career. That's it. Tim Dickey is smiling because that makes sense. And she was like one of the first people he hired since he got the job running this place and she did win the 2016 County Teacher of the Year award. There's no way she's essaying and raping her 13-year-old student in a class full of kids. Right? What? There's no way. She has an 11-year-old boy standing lookout while she essays his best friend in her classroom. Even if Tim Dickey doesn't believe it, the least he can do is alert the 13-year-old student's parents, correct.


Instead, Tim Dickey sits all the other students down that have reported the inappropriate behavior. He says, thank you all for coming to me with what you've been hearing in the hallways. But do you know how dangerous rumors can be? You can ruin someone's career with these types of rumors, and he scolds all the students for spreading rumors, and it gives Brittany enough time to target her next potential victim. An 11-year-old. This is the case of Brittany Zamora and what happens when the victim's parents find out and when Brittany's own husband finds out.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, also known as ncmec. They focus on finding missing children, reducing child's sexual exploitation, and the prevention of child victimization. This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rot Mango's growing team, and we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support. As always, full show notes are available about rot mango podcast.com. Disclaimers. Today's case has mentions of grooming NCSA. Please watch with caution. The names of the minors have also been, of course, protected and changed. So with that being said, these are all pseudonyms except for the perpetrators and the adults. Let's get started. Do you know what the pre-divorce stage is?


So when you see two people in a relationship in a marriage and you know that they're gonna get divorced, they just haven't filed divorce yet, they don't e, they might not even know that they're gonna get divorced, but you just feel it in your bones. They are in a stage of pre-divorce. My biggest thing is, I mean, I guess it's very difficult to say if you can see when couples are gonna get divorced. Everybody's different, but when they are incredibly mean to each other in front of people, I'm like, I feel like a pre-divorce is happening. One Zen says, oh, my pre-divorce signal is even stronger. He's older now. He's seen all these couples come and go and he says, when I see a divorce coming, and this is not a hundred percent of the time, obviously there's exceptions, don't get upset people, but he says, when the couple decide out of nowhere, it's not like a big anniversary.


It's not their 50th anniversary, 40th, 20th, 25th. Out of nowhere, the couple decide randomly to have an over the top vow renewal, massive ceremony celebration. It feels like they distract themselves by planning the event. And then after the last guest leaves party is over, they go back to reality. The marriage is shitty divorce incoming in like six months. What? Yeah, anything? Obviously, there's exceptions of people who have anniversaries or have been planning it for a long time, or they had a life altering moment where someone was diagnosed with something and then recovered. Those are different. Yeah. Yeah. He's saying like so random.


Okay. Another one said, oh, I was at a wedding and I knew this was pre-divorce. At the wedding, the groom was making a toast to the bride. You know the woman that he's marrying and he talked about how he initially didn't like her because she never shut up, but now she's learning to quote, put a sock in it. And then he jokingly turned and then air backhanded her face, like not actually hit her on the face, but like in the air pretended to hit her. That is wild. To the guest credit, nobody laughed. There's just awkward deafening silence. They got divorced two months after the wedding. One redditor states that she knew her divorce was coming pretty early on.


She says, well, my husband smashed cake into my face at the wedding, even though I begged him for months prior not to. He also introduced me as his first wife at our reception party for our wedding. To everybody, he thought it was hilarious. We divorced over the summer and I am so much happier. Another Redditor says, oh yeah, when you can tell your marriage is coming to an end, it's pretty easy. You drive home from work, you come around the corner and if you see your partner's car in the driveway and feel sad or disappointed, that's a sign you need. Another ex-wife said, oh, mine was weirder. Right after the wedding, I moved in and the, you know the thermostat that controls the temperature, he put a password on it and he wouldn't let me have the password.


Wow. For Daniel, the signs were probably A lot more obvious, but he just sped right past them. They went over his head. Daniel, maybe he likes all the signs. I don't know. Which is more alarming because the pre-divorce other people saw pre-divorce, he didn't see anything. He just gets served divorce papers out of nowhere after everything that they've been through from their proposal. Daniel even wrote this long sappy message to Brittany online about it. He writes, from the moment we first saw each other, we have been falling for one another. So it was only appropriate to ask Brittany to marry me while falling. He proposes whilst On's skydiving trip, and now after four years of marriage, she wants to divorce him.


She wants to hit him with divorce papers while she's in jail. Seriously. Brittany states to the courts that she would like to separate from her husband because quote, our marriage is beyond repair. It's broken, and there is no hope of reconciliation. What defines that? A marriage is broken beyond repair with no hope of reconciliation. A few years prior, Brittany Hands, Daniel the phone, this is when they're still married, still living together. Brittany's handing Daniel the phone and on the other end of this phone is a very, very angry man. He says, put your husband on the phone. I'm more than happy to talk to that dumb motherfucker too. Daniel grabs the phone, Hey man, hey, don't say, Hey man and me, you got a fucking monster If I was you, you stupid motherfucker.


I would leave her. So this man on the phone is telling Daniel to leave his wife, Brittany Daniel's trying to reason with him, man, listen, no, you listen to me, you stupid motherfucker. I'll cave your stupid fucking head in. You're a stupid motherfucker. You know that. You dumb motherfucker. Daniel is only briefly quiet before he says, think about it. God. You know God preaches forgiveness, man. Yeah, I'm a preach forgiveness. When I put my hands around your throat, you stupid motherfucker. I understand. No, you don't get shit. You dumb fucking bitch. I would be the same way, sir. Like I said, dude, the smartest thing for you to do. Do not incriminate yourself. Do me that favor.


Leave your wife or else your ass is going down the drain with her. Do me a favor and leave. Your woman is a monster. Do you want me to tell you the whole fucking story? She had another 13-year-old in there watching the whole fucking thing. Daniel is on the phone, confronted with the fact that his wife, Brittany, was cheating on him, but he is also confronted with the fact that his wife is cheating on him by raping a 13-year-old student of hers. And the man screaming at him on the phone is the victim's father. This is how he found out. He claims he found out right before this phone call And he was like, He said, God preaches forgiveness.


Wow.


Imagine being able to get cash back on your own purchases at over 3,500 stores. You're saving money without even even thinking about it. I mean, look, if you're already going to be shopping, you should do it with Rakuten. That's what really sold me. For example, I just got a new Dyson fan getting ready for the humid summer, and without Rakuten I wouldn't have been able to get cash back. Rakuten partners with top stores like Nike. Why is Sell Beauty Dyson, Macy's, Walmart, Levi's. Oh, urban Outfitters, Samsung, Sephora, Ulta, Fenty Beauty. But how does Rakuten cashback really work? These retailers pay Rakuten to send them shoppers and then those savings in the form of cashback are deposited directly into Rakuten members PayPal account or Rakuten can also send a check. And membership is completely free and it's easy to sign up. These cashback deals can also be stacked on top of other deals. For example, if you have a promo code or coupon for something you won't miss out on that either, get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cashback rates change daily. See Rakuten dot com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


132 rooms, 157 suspects. One dead body, one wildly eccentric detective, one disastrous state dinner and at the center of it all a case unlike any other. The new Netflix series, the Residents is a Screw Ball who done its set in the White House from Shondaland. The series features an all star cast led by Uzo ABA as Cordelia Cup. The most sought after detective in the world. Watch the residents March 20th, only on Netflix.


Welcome the New Year with Stitch Fix, your ultimate partner for refreshing your wardrobe and achieving your 2025 New Year's resolutions that yes, you might last a month or at least I always last until February. Whether you're aiming to enhance your style or simply revamp your closet, or you're trying to dress for the job that you want, not the one that you have, stitch Fix is here to make the process so seamless and enjoyable. They've totally revolutionized how I shop and I think you're gonna love them too. You simply share your size, your style, your budget with your dedicated stylist, and they curate these selections of pieces tailored just for you. Plus each box comes with these personalized outfit recommendations and styling tips. I can try on the pieces in the comfort of my own home and I love that I can actually try them on with things I already have. And if they don't work, just send the pieces back free of charge. No hassle, no subscription fees, free shipping and returns, personal styling For everyone, get started today@stitchfix.com slash rotten. That's stitchfix.com/rotten.


There is an app called Sentry and it lets parents monitor their kids. It seems like kids don't know when it's installed. I mean, I'm sure you have to take their phone and install it. I don't know how it works. I mean, I guess it could be used for not parental controls. Just be careful. But it lets parents flag keywords. So if these keywords ever get searched on the internet or is sent via message, whether it's Facebook messenger, Instagram, direct messages or text messages, it'll alert the parent and it'll show them what platform and it'll show them the message. Wow. So you can flag where it's like baby or you know, other maybe drugs, right? John and his wife, they get Adam, their son, a new phone with this new app installed on their century and they give it to him because, I mean, honestly, they don't feel right about it.


They, they were going back and forth. Do we install the app? Do we not install the app? We kind of feel bad about it, especially 'cause he's 13. We're trying to give him space to still be a child but make mistakes and learn and grow and have privacy. But Adam has been acting so weird recently. He doesn't even wanna sleep with the door open. They have this whole family rule. Everybody sleeps with their door open. It doesn't have to be wide open. It's just like a crack. You just don't lock your door at night. But he's so upset by this. He's withdrawn during dinner time. He doesn't even wanna talk to them. It's so sudden that they're like something is going on and if we don't figure out what we can't help him. The stepmom has the parent version installed on her phone and she put all the key words in and the day after installing the app, she's just getting ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.


Her phone is blowing up. She said, so yesterday I got the alert. I keep getting alerts back to back to back to back back because the word baby kept getting used. The messages in question read, I guess kind of like any other 13-year-old relationship, flirting, I imagine. I don't particularly recall how I flirted when I was 13, but the messages read WYD, what you doing on the bus texting you? So Adam is texting on the bus, texting you. Oh my God, you're so cute baby. I wish you could have stayed after with me. I know. I wish I could baby heart emoji emoji. The person responds. I wish I could hang out with you whenever we wanted. Adam responds.


Same. I think about it so much. I think about it so much too. Ah baby, I know what you mean. You're all, I think about it. It's kind of giving like two 13 year olds flirting. Another thread of messages read from Adam. You're mine. Yes baby. Which again, I don't necessarily recall how I was flirting as a 13-year-old and I'm sure per parent, it's different how one feels about their kids sending these types of messages. I don't know. Perhaps a child psychologist would know better if this is normal development to talk like this or not. But so far it's not the most alarming thing in the world. But there's more messages that start to escalate and get increasingly stranger a message from Adam Reeds, I need more redacted from you heart.


Now these are obviously not redacted to Adam's parents, but it's redacted in the police records. But the parents have seen it. You can kind of fill in the blanks on what it says. The person receiving the message goes Question mark. You okay? Sorry baby. My parents called me. Ugh, I thought you got in trouble. IGTG do chores. I love you. I'll see you tomorrow. The person responds ILY heart. Okay, they're saying I love you. It seems like it's more serious 13-year-old relationship. It's getting, it's getting a little more alarming. But Adam receives a message, I want you two baby so bad whenever we can, you know I'm down heart like you for real gets sexier to me every day.


LOL Wait, which ones? Who said this? Whoever is sending this to Adam Adam's. Stepmom says, so I'm reading through the conversations and I've done this before with other conversations of his as well. But this time at the bottom she sees something at the bottom of the messages and she's, she's looking at it twice, three times 479 times. Because there is no way, I mean there's just no way. The app sent will tell you what platform the messages are being sent from and what the account name is. So it just gives you your handle. So if it's on Facebook, it gives the handle, or on Instagram it gives the handle at blah blah blah. And it's at Mrs. Zamora Adam's sixth grade teacher through Instagram.


So she's like, no, no, no. I mean maybe, maybe it's just someone with the same name or like, you know how kids are, maybe they'll make an account for their teacher and just mess around. So she first only saw that he's flirting with someone. Yes. And she thought maybe this just like, like a girlfriend. Yes. And when she saw that handle, that's when she realized, oh my gosh. She's like, what the hell is going on? Okay, then she goes on Instagram and she checks that handle. 'cause she's like, again, it could just be an account. You can technically name your handle anything on Instagram. There's no law. She goes, and it's the same spelling, same everything with the real account of Mrs. Ra. And she knows this because she's messaged Mrs.


Amora too about homework before on Instagram. And the stepmom says, but what even more confirmed it was her first name was used in the conversation. So either she wrote it or he wrote it and they put, so the two were flirting and they wrote Brittany, insert Adam's last name. Other messages. Reid, what are you doing thinking about your sexy self? Heart emoji. Heart emoji. And then Mrs. Themora responds, Aw baby, I wish you were here with me. And she proceeds to send a video. And I don't know why Diddy is everywhere but it, he's here too. She is pointing at her car stereo with the caption when the radio plays that good shit and it's Diddy song.


I need a girl. And the lyrics are, I've had A lot of women in my lifetime. But see it's not A lot of women that got the right mind. I've done A lot of pretty chicks with all the right features. Cell phones and beepers. You know how to treat you. You break her heart, she'll walk out and leave you. Yeah. Wow. So immediately Adam's stepmom is calling Adam's dad a husband. You gotta do something, you gotta come home. This is serious. He gets home, they confront Adam and they even see that Mrs. Zamora had sent pictures of her private parts with her chest fully exposed, as well as below private parts fully exposed, wearing black lingerie. That is Crotchless. So the app also sh shows photos.


They confronted him, oh, oh, oh. And they saw those photos. They tell Adam, we need you to be completely honest right now. We already know the answers to everything we're gonna ask. So we just need you to tell us the truth. Who is this you're talking to? Who are you talking to? And have you done anything with your teacher? Adam quietly responds. Yeah, he tells them that. Remember that one time he brought home that permission slip to stay longer after school to set up posters for the talent show. That's when it happened. That's when his teacher essayed him. But it would happen several more times. So now Adam is texting Brittany, I want to f Okay, it's redacted, but it presumably I want to F so bad baby.


Those times weren't enough for me. Adam sends the message and his dad is standing over his shoulder. The way that Adam's dad describes it. He says, sorry to use this language. He says that, but you're gonna text this bitch and you're gonna trap her. You are gonna make her tell me everything through these messages. Adam texts her that and she responds, I want you baby. I want you every day with no time limit. If I could quit my job and fuck you all day, I would. Adam's dad probably takes over the phone at this point I presume. And he sends another message. I need more redacted from you. I'll give you whatever you want baby. And with that, they're immediately calling the police and they start getting these weird restricted calls.


Soon after like a few hours later they keep getting restricted. Call block number, unknown number, unknown number. And they're just sending them to voicemail because why are they getting these restricted calls out of nowhere? What Does that mean? Restricted Calls like unknown number. Unknown number. Unknown number. Because you know when you get scam calls, they don't want it to say unknown number. They try to make it look like real numbers. But they keep getting literally unknown caller. Unknown caller. They're like, this is so random. But they're not answering. They're not answering for the first few times. Finally they pick up the fourth one and it's Brittany Zamora. It appears maybe Adam had let her know that they had alerted the police or something. But she calls them and Adam's dad is not messing around. He starts a conversation.


What type of perverted person are you? I wanna know right now. You are a fucking monster. You're a pedophile, you're a child molester. Do you understand me? Brittany on the other end has the audacity to say, why do you say that? Oh bitch, see, I'm A lot smarter than you. I am so much smarter than you. You do not understand how much smarter than you I am. I got you. I want you to know that I got you. Do me a favor, do not call this number back again. Next time you hear from me it will be in court. And make sure you let your husband know that you fuck 13-year-old boys. I want you to do me a favor, okay, do that for me and I am coming for you. Which by the way, Adam's parents did like everything right in this.


They did not say, oh, it's a boy's dream. They didn't do any of that. They didn't victim blame. They didn't victim shame. They didn't get upset with Adam. They took all the rights steps. I think even in this phone call, he is so clearly he is has A lot of emotions coming out, which is rightfully understandable. But he's pretty poised. Like nothing he's saying is like uncalled for or not true to which to response. Okay? Yeah, you have a wonderful evening. Okay, you stupid cunt. Can you like explain to me, can we meet to talk about this? And she tries to like have this soft voice. There's something like we can settle outside. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's what we can do.


So I can give you a chance to do it to some other kid. Yeah, that's exactly what we're gonna do. No, Ms. Samra, do me a favor. Do not call me back again. Do you understand me? And make sure to tell your husband what's going on. He's right here. He's right here. Can he talk? Can we, can we meet to, you know, talk about this? We can settle outside. Side note. In a later report it says that Brittany reassures Adam's parents that she's not pregnant and that she's very clean from STDs. Which like, what kind of reassurance is that lady? I believe she even tries denying a picture that she sent a nude photo. 'cause it doesn't have her face in it. But the dad tells her pretty bluntly, I know where your birthmark is. Okay, I know where your birthmark is. So Adam's dad goes on to say, make sure to tell your husband exactly what's going on.


By this point, the parents know that he's been essayed, their son has been essayed by their teacher. They know that these messages have been taking place. Inappropriate pictures have been sent. They're about to file a police report, but they're on the phone with Brittany and her husband. They don't know the exact details of when these incidents happened. They're gonna find out soon. But they know everything that's happened, the crimes that have taken place. And now Daniel, the husband is getting on the phone. Brittany's husband is on the phone. There's almost this level of frustration that you can feel Adam's dad having because it's like, how are you not getting this? His fist is clenched, his wife is recording this. We have this whole phone call. Oh, we FOIA, the phone call.


And he's just saying she's a monster. Like do you, do you understand that? Do you understand that? Dude, be smart. You stupid ass leave. Kick that bitch out of your house. And Daniel's like, listen man, no you listen. You are lucky that my wife is standing right here. You stupid motherfucker talk. You got 30 seconds. Which side note, Adam's stepmom whispers at one point, he might be a pervert too, talking about Daniel. Oh, and he continues talk. You got 30 seconds. Don't waste my time. You'll have the nuts to call me. And now you don't wanna talk. Look man, this whole situation is crazy. And I've never heard of anything like this in my entire life.


And I'm sure as a parent you've gotta be livid, pissed, downright heard you. You trust the system. You trust the system. And honestly, this sucks. As a husband. As a husband, I am distraught let down. I mean, I understand and I'm sure as a husband, you know, you know what this would do to you. Well, dude, the thing is, I don't get with a fucking monster. I know, I know. God. It's the worst for me. I'm pretty much throwing up. She confided in me just now and told me the truth. And man, I am shaking. Well, explain to me what she told you. Which side note, when he says I am shaking, I don't feel like he's shaking. I understand that everybody processes shock differently.


But I feel like this is my reaction to an Uber order getting canceled. It doesn't sound shaken. And the dad continues. I wanna know, you said that she confided in you. Let me know what she told you so I can see if she told you everything. Grab some nuts and talk to me like a man. What did the fuck did she tell you she did to a 13-year-old boy? Listen, to be honest, it's just more of the messaging. Oh, so she didn't tell you everything then? I mean, I'm hearing it from you, sir. I'm hearing it from you. Well, you're not gonna hear another fucking thing from me. So what I'm asking you is, if you could possibly just, Brittany has been a great teacher for a long time. Five years. She's done so much for so many students and raised so many people's lives from the ghetto.


That's literally what he says. Like don't even get me started on that. Wow. She's been to, you know, homes to talk to students again. Not the one you think it is. Done a tutoring program. She's done so, so much and she's made a huge mistake. The biggest mistake anybody could ever make in this whole entire world. She got invested in a very, very bright, smart, and great student. He's trying to spin this. Mm. Like Brittany got invested in your child because he's so great. Mm. Which I'm sure he is. But what? Yeah, this is what kind of advertising, manipulation, scheming honestly.


And a great person, which probably comes from y'all. And I get you. I get it, man. He's like marketing her crimes. What is happening right now? And you probably don't wanna hear my voice and I wouldn't wanna hear my voice either. Oh, I'd like to hear your voice when I get my fucking hands around your throat. Your wife decided to be a monster and pray on a child. She scarred my son mentally. Do you understand what a 13-year-old boy did? Do you get all of that? Listen to me. I am not gonna settle outside of court. There's not enough fucking money you could possibly ever ask and offer me to settle this. I get it man. Get that through your head. And with that, he hangs up the phone, he calls the police, Adam's parents drew.


And a whole investigation begins and it just gets messier. There are two main interviews that are done. One with the victim, Adam, and then another hour long interview with the victim's best friend. Now the interview with Adam, you don't see him. 'cause obviously his identity is protected, but he just sounds so young. There is like a certain cadence that children have. Obviously some people don't shed it for a while. There's nothing wrong with it. But the way he answers questions is incredibly childlike. His voice, his way of responding. So for example, the interviewer will ask him, tell me about a few things you like to do. He responds, I like to play football, write and draw.


The authorities are just trying to understand, okay, how does something like this even happen? Like she's, she's had to have a certain level of grooming already established in order to send these types of messages to the victim. And they're wondering, how did you guys even start messaging? There's this app called Classcraft. Classcraft is supposed to foster a positive school climate and educational outcomes. It's a message board. You can message your teachers and ask them one-on-one about questions of homework under the presumption that this is a well monitored communication forum. And likely nobody uses the chat function to do anything but ask questions about school or class times.


Because let's be so real. What teacher wants to talk to their kids outside of school hours? And what student wants to talk to their teacher outside of school hours unless there's a problem with schoolwork. But Brittany tells her class one day, I'm gonna be outta school tomorrow. You guys are gonna have a substitute teacher and I'm just gonna be really bored. So if anybody else is bored, you guys should message me on classcraft. Hmm. It's not about an assignment, it's not about their project, it's just, I'm bored. Adam messages his teacher that day, hi Mrs. Zamora, and she texts back, hi. She starts asking him these weird questions. Would it be weird if I sent you a winky face?


Adam said that he was confused and he just responded, no, it's just a win. Winky face, LOL. And Brittany responds, I'm bored. LOLI am too. Come over. And he says, on my way, car emoji. But obviously JK because he is 13 and that's crazy. That's how he started. Yes. Wow. Eventually they start talking about the school dance and Brittany is asking Adam if he's going to the school dance, which he just casually responds, I don't think I'm gonna, I might though. And she responds, oh, salty Bay, calling herself Salty Bay. From there, Brittany guides the conversation and she moves the everything onto Instagram.


Adam says, I don't remember how it got like really intense, but we would flirt and she would say things like, oh my God, I love you. And I would say, I love her too. And then she would talk about how she wanted to do stuff with me, and I would tell her that I wanted to do that too. He says, yeah, we would flirt A lot, like we would be at recess and I would talk to her, we would flirt at recess. But then the principal kept getting all these reports of an inappropriate relationship going on. Wow. And he said they were all just rumors and that he told them that they can't flirt or, well, I guess he didn't say flirt. They can't talk during recess because it feels like Britney Zamora is picking a favorite. So they were doing do this in front of everyone.


Yeah. And people are reporting. Yes. Because this is that bad. Not only Are people reporting, so the students are, some of them are reporting it to principal Tim Dickey, but some of them are even messaging Britney Zura on Classcraft. There were like three girls students, 13 year olds that were messaging her saying, if these rumors are true, like this is a gross use of power and you should really be ashamed of yourself, blah, blah, blah. Like telling her, And the principal Tim Dickey was, you know, like he was trying to protect what Zamora or the reputation or the school image, whatever it is, right? There are a few medicine theories, and maybe it's a compilation of all of them.


Some people think that Tim Dickey finds Britney Zamora conventionally attractive. And maybe he was blinded by that. Other reports say that Tim Dickey's reputation could have been on the line because he was an assistant principal at a different school, got promoted to principal at this school, this final school where it happened. And the first person that he hired from that other school that he used to work at was Brittany Zamora. Mm. But that could also be, I don't know if that's because she's a great teacher or if perhaps her conventional attractiveness was, I don, you don't know, right? Yeah. Wow. But either way, he brushed it off. Yes. That's Crazy.


He just thought, you know, naturally some teachers will inevitably have favorites and she is being unprofessional by showing that to the other kids. As for the physical assaults, Adam says, it started with her kissing him after school one day. He says, the first time we kissed, I was saying bye to her. I gave her a hug and she started kissing me. So I kissed her back. He says, we were doing a talent show thing. And yeah, it was like when I was saying bye, and he says quote, she's like, you wanna go in? I was like, sure. I didn't take off my pants or anything, but she was wearing a dress, so she just pulled her underwear to the side. And then I was in there for like a minute and then I was like, okay, I gotta go.


It it, it appears that he is trying to explain that she forced him to digitally stimulate her. It appears he continues. She said she wanted to gimme a blow job and my stuff was really big and stuff like that. He's telling the police, interviewer all of this. And the interviewer has to keep asking him like, what stuff do you mean? And every time he says it, he just hesitates. And he whispers really shyly because he's 13 penis. Like he doesn't even like saying that word in the interview. They go over all the other instances that she wanted him to meet up with her. He says, I told her that I was at my grandparents' house and she said, lemme come over. And I said, LOL. And then I put these heart emojis and she was like, no, I'm serious.


I was like, okay. And she came over, I went to her car. She was parked on the end of the street. She texted, okay, I am here, I'm outside. And I walked to her car and that is where she essays him for the first time. I think at this point people were expecting that because we already knew that she had essayed him. So they're just trying to get the details of when and how it happened. I'm not saying it's not unsurprising or it's expected, but it's like when you already know the balloon popped. Now you're just trying to figure out how the balloon popped. Right. Well, I don't know if the balloon is a great analogy or like the cake dropped or something. You get it. You already know this event took place. Now you're just trying to figure out how it took place. But the interviewer, I don't think that she knew that this part happened because Adam starts describing, they have this thing in class called CNN 10.


And Brittany would say it's time for CNN 10, where they watch CNN's 10 minute recap of the news day. And this is around 2:40 PM right before school ends. She would say, get your snacks out. Go find a place to sit down. Brittany would walk over and turn on CNN 10 walk to the back end of the class. So everybody's facing forward. She would be standing behind Adam and putting two and two together from the redacted reports. She would force Adam to digitally stimulate her in the back of the class while everybody else was watching the news. They're in the classroom. That's freaking insane. And then according to Adam and another witness, she would have Adam stand behind her desk and because he's 13, he's, you know, not that tall.


I guess his, his private part would be below the level of the desk and she would pretend to drop something or pretend to look for something under the desk and she would quote, touch his stuff. There's a whole classroom full of kids. Wow. I mean, how can they be so bold? Because they have a lookout. A boy Adam's best friend, let's call him Brady. He's also interviewed and he said this happened every day, C Nnn 10. They did it every day at two 40. I was one of the witnesses, one of the people that saw Mrs. Zamora and my friend touch each other and they would ask him, was Mrs. Zamora saying anything? They were just doing it. It was very uncomfortable. So that's why like the second day they were doing stuff.


I just left the room. He says, yeah, we tried to tell Mr. Dickey. Mr. Dickey came. And he talked to us saying, well you guys as students should stop saying these rumors and talking about like, how can we solve this situation? By next time we hear rumors like this, tell the principal or solve it by telling the teachers, we wrote on a piece of paper how to solve the situation of rumors. What does that mean? We wrote on paper Like, next time I hear rumors, I will do this. That's so sketchy. I feel like this principle is way like, you know, you You, yeah. I feel like he needs to be investigated or something. How this is, yeah. Yeah.


I mean I think it's very su that he doesn't even alert Adam's parents. It's one thing to think that it's a rumor. Fine. Right? I think it's your weird opinion. I don't agree with it, but you should still at least alert the victim's parents. Yeah. Alert. Like, Hey, this is what's been going on at school. These are the rumors that have taken place. I just wanna give you guys like a heads up in case you've seen anything or alert authorities to investigate. Because like you're not an investigator. It's just so weird. He also doesn't even put Brittany on leave so that they can investigate further. He doesn't do anything. He just takes notes on his investigation, which at this point are as useful as like keeping a diary.


He also just tells Brittany to stop spending so much time with Adam and that's about it. But the best friend Brady, he continues in the interview with the police that Mrs. Amra started asking him weird stuff too. He says, Mrs. Amra asked me if my thing was like uncircumcised or circumcised and I didn't know what that means. So in the middle of class where there are students everywhere, Mrs. Ura went on her phone and looked it up and then showed me. She also asked If he wanted to see nude photos of her as well. And he says she didn't touch me or anything, but by all accounts, it seems like she's prepping him to be her next victim. And he is 11 years old.


Wow. He can't even properly explain the things he's witnessing because he is that young. He kept stating that Brittany and Adam had sex. Now the officer has to ask him what that means to him, to which he says, it's like they kissed. He also confuses the word virgin and Virginia. And this is like Brittany's next alleged target potential target 11. What great is that? That's the, this is, so they're in sixth grade. Adam is 13. Wow. So he might have been held back for a year or two, but wow. I mean that's crazy. As for why, I mean, Adam's parents wanna know, why did you freaking do this? Why risk your whole career and your marriage for what? And she just responds.


I ask myself the same question, I just got really close after everything went down. And we're like, how could that happen? We just got so close. I don't know. They arrest Brittany Zamora. There's body cam footage of this and when they're taking her in for arrest, they're taking off all of her jewelry and she asks the police, do I have to take off my wedding ring as if she's in so in love with her husband. It's so weird. Then right to when she's being taken in to be questioned, she asks if there's any way she can talk to her husband. They say no, they take her into their interrogation room and they ask her all the pertinent questions. You know, did they tell you why you're here? Did they tell you why you've been arrested? It's involving a relationship with Adam. I mean, I guess I just wanna give you an opportunity because there is, there's really little doubt on what happened.


And she says, can I have an attorney? You can. Is that what you want? Yeah. Will I be going home today? No. They tell her she's going to jail. To which she says I'm little, they're gonna tear me apart. You know? Who else is little 13 year olds? 11 year olds? To which the officer just straight up tells her. Yeah. I mean if you have problems with somebody, you can voice that to, to somebody. And if you have problems, they can isolate you. And she starts sobbing. I just have the best husband in the world and I'm so ashamed. I mean, I do believe calling her a pick me is the nicest description I can use considering her crimes. But she has this moment where she's arrested, she's handcuffed behind her back and she has to get into the back of the cop car.


The cop is like, here, like, let me help you. I know it's a big step. I'm gonna help you. And she's all, I'm only five foot. Okay. Wow. Yeah. Fascinating. I don't even understand. Even when they said bail, they ask her, is there anything you'd like to say? And she goes, I guess I would just really like to go home and be with my husband Now streaming. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you, Missy. Experience the thrilling new series. He said he killed another woman inspired by a true life story.


If I don't deal with him, he will never leave us alone. You don't see how the were saying To you, Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star. I am Not responsible for what my dad did. Let's going how you hoped. Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


Unlock a world of incredible opportunities with Rosetta Stone. That's what it feels like. Whether you're looking to elevate your travel adventures, advance your career, or maybe you just wanna watch those K dramas. I saw that meme where you watch a K drama or a C drama. And when you're watching, you're reading the subs, you understand everything that's going on, and then you have to take a bite of food and then suddenly you lose so much because you don't know what's happening. 'cause you're not reading the subs. This is your time. You can simply indulge in the joy of learning. Rosetta Stone is here to support you every step of the way. With over 30 years of expertise in millions of happy users, Rosetta Stone is the leader in language learning. Each program is crafted for lasting language retention and immediate pronunciation feedback to prepare you for real world conversations. Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now, Rotten Mango listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten to get started and claim your 50% off today. Don't miss out. Go to Rosetta Stone dot com slash rotten and start learning today.


Spring Fest and Ego days are here at Lowe's. Right now get a free select Ego, 56 volt battery with purchase of a select trimmer blower or mower kit. Plus shop today for new and exclusive items you need for your lawn. So get ready for spring with the latest in innovation from ego, the number one rated brand in cordless outdoor power only at Lowe's, we help you say offer valid through four. Two selection varies by location while supplies last.


And so for a moment, because of how much Britney harps on how much she loves her husband. Whilst our wording a 13-year-old, I thought maybe, maybe there's a chance that Daniel did an Olympic level of mental gymnastics to somehow believe that she did not do this. I don't know. But authorities found text messages between Daniel and Brittany. While Brittany is on the phone with Adam's parents and he's texting her cry seem helpless, be apologetic a ton. Don't say anything incriminating no matter what The phone call you just described. Yeah. The whole time Daniel was like, man, yeah, you gotta understand. And then there's more. Brittany responds, he wants info. He's still asking. He keeps saying to tell him that he already knows. So it appears like maybe he had come home, you know, and, and he says he's not recording.


He's still asking me what happened. He says, don't even hint around anything or agree. Of course, he's recording. Say we have to meet because you wanna tell him face to face. That's the right thing to do. Tell him you do not feel comfortable over the phone. I know he's not gonna like that, but be firm. Do not be gullible and tell him anything. Don't admit to any relationship because we both know there isn't one and nothing happened. Just stupid fantasy texting that went too far. Call me after. Even If he gives you an ultimatum, don't say anything. Brittany insist on meeting. He hates you and wants nothing but to burn you to the ground. Remember, I'm getting worried. What's going on? Please don't be stupid and admit he won't meet you. He's recording. No way. Don't believe it. Why can't he meet then? Please, please, Brittany, don't say anything. What's going on? Tell him that you're going to the school right now and that you have to hang up.


Hang up now. Don't say another word. He's going to fucking kill us. If you say anything, Brittany also who says he doesn't change his mind. He will say one thing now and fuck you over later. God knows if anything or admit fault, he's got us and you're gonna be done. I think the usage of us is interesting. You know, Brittany sounds just extremely, extremely dumb And obviously evil. Yeah, Evil. But he's like, that's, I don't even know what, what's going on here. Yeah. Like He doesn't sound okay. So A lot of people thought that he's the biggest simp husband in the world, but this doesn't sound like a simp husband. Yeah. And also If you're a simp husband, when you find out about this news, wouldn't you be devastated then?


I guess they're trying, like some medicines feel like this is him trying to protect her at all costs because he's a simp. But I think the usage of us is weird. What's the context again? He says he's gonna fucking kill us if you say anything, Brittany, he also says, don't admit to any relationship because we both know there isn't one and nothing happened. Just stupid fantasy stuff that also feels like it's weird. Yeah. Like you never really say like we both know if you really both know. And you are saying that he supposedly he found out about everything just now. Like that Day. Yeah. That Day. And this is his reaction. I don't know. This is, yeah. Hmm.


It's very weird. Everybody in this is weird. Except for, Yeah, it's very weird. It's not normal. This is not a normal relationship. And that's not to say that Britney's not at fault. You know, I do see some medicines conspiring that maybe he was pushing her to do these things. I don't really care If he did or not. I think she, she's the one that did them. Like if my husband was trying to convince me to do anything like that, I'd be like, okay, so I'm gonna go to the police station and then I'm gonna go find a divorce attorney. That'll be my two immediate steps. So, I mean, I don't care. This is not to diminish her responsibility. I'm just saying those are some medicine theories out there. While all of this has happening, the authorities come to do a search warrant on Brittany's house and Daniel is outside.


The officer just asks probably for protocol. You guys have no kids, right? No sir. I wish. Now this is what? This in the middle of Brittany, your wife being investigated for R wording her student. What do you mean you wish you had kids? I mean, you wanna have children around your predator wife. Even the cops are doing a double take. Like what? Do you wish you had kids now? Yeah. Oh. So I can have like, you know, I don't know all of what's going on and what's, I don't know what's gonna happen right here, you know? So I can have a little more like pieces of her basically saying if she goes to prison, he can have a piece of her. What Daniel keeps going. Brittany has been an awesome teacher for a long time. She, one teacher of the year really straight A student all through high school, college, bachelor's degree and her master's.


Ah, that's awesome. She's impressive. She's done so many good things for so long for the students, for the school. Like really, really invested. She's really invested in all in her career. It's so weird. Some medicines are confused. Some think Daniel is as dense as a forest or some think that he's somehow involved or knew or got off on what Britney was doing. Some people point out she would sneak out in her car in the middle of the night to go meet up with the 13-year-old. She's married, she's a teacher. What excuse would she have to go in the middle of the night, Let's say He just simply loves her. Right? But then you found out the love of your life is a monster doing these type of crimes.


The fact that you still love her, like to this level, like, oh my gosh, she's the best. She's the best. She's the best. That then you have like, what does that mean about you? That, oh you, yeah, exactly right. How, how, how can you still think she's this perfect wife or whatever that you know, So crazy. So that says A lot about him too. Yeah. Yeah. And he, he probably should also not be around children then. No. Because like you think your love of your life is fine after what she did to a child. Yeah. You should not be around children. But very quickly, Britney divorces him in prison. Some sources state that it's because she was trying to protect their assets because right after all of this, Adam's parents file a lawsuit against the school board, Tim Dickey as well as Brittany's husband, and he's listed on the lawsuit.


I think it was like a $2.5 million lawsuit. They did settle privately, but maybe it's to protect him from, I guess, division of assets because they're no longer together. Some people say no, it's just Brittany moving on. He stood by her during the entire trial. Other sources state that she was actually very upset with him and felt like all of this was his fault because he kept telling her to tell Adam's parents to meet up. And some sources say that she believed that got her more years in prison versus just like talking to them Frank, admitting, confessing and being remorseful. Hmm. Really interesting crossover. But the judge that presided over this is the, the judge that presided over Jody Aria's trial, also assigned to Brittany's case, but nevertheless, in a statement to the court, she starts Good morning, your Honor.


I'm gonna start off by apologizing to the victim and his family. I'm sorry for the undue stress or pain that I may have caused. I'm ashamed of my actions and I'm completely remorseful and truly regret what took place. I'm known to be a caring, responsible, happy, and thoughtful person, which like sometimes the truth slips out in really almost unnoticeable ways. She says, I'm known to be not. I am. Mm. Which I thought was interesting. The rest of the statement is more of her talking about how great of a person she is in a condensed manner she's going through. Prior to all of this, I've been nothing but an amazing teacher and citizen. I started programs while teaching to help stop bullying. I taught girls about nutrition and fitness. I created fundraisers to help with autism, which like, I don't even know what that means.


That sentence is bizarre. What do you mean help with autism? Are you helping students with autism that are struggling to adjust to certain aspects of school life, like help with autism? Like what does that even mean? It's very bizarre. I filled out 25 plus desks with school supplies each year. And even when teacher of the year award in 2016, she asks for leniency in her sentencing. If that is not already bad enough. Her attorney just like hook, line and sinker, let's go down together. Her attorney states that because Britney's father abandoned her when she was 13. She was struggling with anxiety, depression, and OCD. Her attorney states she's a great candidate for rehabilitation. She wants to change her life and she's already started that.


I have represented Brittany Zamora for almost 16 months and I can tell you that she is not a monster. Brittany is not a predator. And this was not between a young child and Brittany. This was a teenager. Wow. There were issues with this case. For example, principal Dickey refused Brittany's request to move the teenager out of the classroom. Brittany Zamora implored, principal Dickey to move him because the teenager had boundary issues and was obsessed with Brittany. Whoa, I am not making that up. I learned that from Principal Dickey odd things that were outside of the evidence that you probably all received. She goes on to just victim blame in a bullet. Pointless Adam's family filed a civil lawsuit within hours of finding out what happened.


So, so what? Adam had two cell phones trying to imply that he's not the nice little kid that you think he is. Okay. He's still a kid and so what? He had multiple social media accounts. Okay, so do I And had he had behavioral issues, she's just talking, opening her mouth and letting all sorts of thoughts spill out that she should've just kept in her drafts, in her notes app because of how ridiculous she is. Everyone in the room is staring at her like, this woman cannot be serious right now. Yeah, defend your client, do your job. But what she confronts everyone, I see some of your faces frowning. The teenage boy was very aggressive.


He was even very persistent in asking Brittany about her birthmarks, molars or anything else that could be an identifiable piece of information. This was before the authorities were contacted trying to imply that the kid is like forensically trying to get knowledge on Brittany to pin her to the crime that she clearly so clearly committed. She also proceeds to read a statement from Brittany where she says, where Brittany, the child molester says, good afternoon, my name is Brittany Zamora. After going through the court process for the last 16 months, I can truly say that I have been unfairly treated by the state of Arizona. It's shocking to me how others are so quick to judge based off hearing accusations from only one side of the story, it was made clear to me that the state had already made their decision well before I was given a chance to prove my innocence in any way, shape or form.


She goes, girl, are you not tired? She goes on to talk about how she did these risk assessments, psychological tests, evaluations and polygraph tests that all showed her to be the highest degree of character. I don't ever think that I have seen a polygraph test where the results just come back. Highest degree of character like that doesn't even, that's not even an option. Moreover, I feel like a risk assessment test in terms of evidential value. Very low compared to explicit photos she sent him and testimony from the victim. They also try to argue that her polygraph shows that she does not have an interest in children. Again, I don't know what we're trying to get here. The argument just diminishes the validity of the polygraphs and if that's not the case, it just makes her look more sinister because she's able to pass a polygraph when there is photographic evidence.


And with that, she was sentenced to 20 years in prison. The school board and Tim Dickey settle outside of court with the civil lawsuit, but I guess they, they stand by their decision. Tim says he didn't wanna blow it outta proportion. What he thought were just rumors by alerting Adam's parents, they said that they conducted a two day investigation and deemed nothing inappropriate was happening. They have less sense than children. The 11-year-old Brady, he says, it's just weird how a 27-year-old can like love a 13-year-old and stuff. It's just crazy. She's not a good person. Adam's dad says, if we didn't have the app and we didn't take all the necessary steps, we would've never known that this happened to our son.


And how much longer could it have gone and how many other boys would she have done this to? They say it's affected Adam individually. It's affected our family dynamic. It's affected his behavior and his schooling. It's disrupted his schooling. It's disrupted his living situation. We had to uproot our entire family and move. His childhood is already fucking gone. He's 13. He's gonna miss out on so many important emotions and feelings when it comes to relationships with women for the rest of his life. All because his trust was betrayed by a sixth grade school teacher. I'm also angry at those who say they think this abuse like this of a woman on a young man is somehow less serious than if it happened to a girl instead of a boy. Every child, no matter their gender, deserves to have their period of childhood free of monsters.


And there truly are monsters in the world. As parents. You teach your kids that there's no such thing as monsters at all. There's none. But in the real world, there are monsters and Brittany Zamora is a monster. What's crazy is there are so many zens defending Brittany Zamora. They say, when I was 13 we were smoking cigarettes, drinking and making other people pregnant. Some of us even carried around knives and messed around with other people. Yeah, 13 years old is young and is wrong, but stop making the 13-year-old look like an 8-year-old. I think for her to get 20 years is insane. If that's the case, you need to increase prison time for other crimes as well that are even worse. Others just write every male middle schooler's dream. Another reads, damn, I wish she was my teacher. I would've said nothing.


Or that's the funnest extra credit assignment I've ever heard of. I will say most medicines are not on Britney's side. I don't know how true this is. This is just an internet comment, but someone writes, she was a TA for my English teacher in fifth grade. I vividly remember a male classmate blatantly hitting on her like the TA Brittany Zamora multiple times and she would just say things like, ah, thank you. You're so sweet. Instead of telling him to stop and how it's inappropriate signs were there, she was a creep. What are your thoughts on this case? Lemme know in the comments and stay safe. I will see you guys in the next one. Bye.


Hi, I am dove quince. One way to help manage type two diabetes is to regularly exercise. My exercise program can help get you into a routine that works for you. Keep in mind managing blood sugar also takes the right Diet. Hi, I'm celebrity Chef Franklin Becker. Ever since I was diagnosed with type two diabetes, I've adapted my cooking style without sacrificing flavor. If you wanna learn more tips about diet And exercise, visit My type two transformation.com.


Hi, this is Steve Emi. You know the actor. Well, now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and campsite media. In association with all of productions comes big time an Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who wasn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, Who steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.