
Bad. The little portable potty. That is exactly what Diana's forgetting. She goes into her backyard to grab her son's portable potty. I mean, he sits there. He does his business there, and that's when she sees her neighbors pulling their trash cans out onto the street to be picked up. She's thinking, How is it already Trash day already? I mean, this doesn't even make sense. Diane's a single mom. She's quite young, so all of this, this is a lot. She's trying to stay on track. She's got a little calendar, but she feels like it was just trash day like yesterday. How is it trash day already again? Nevertheless, she grabs her trash cans, wheels it out, and just As she reaches the street, bam, she gets hit on the back of her head with a metal pipe.


Not once, not twice, but nine times. She gets whacked with this metal pipe. She's looking up and she's begging these two random attackers to stop whatever they're doing. She sees a man she doesn't recognize that's hitting her with this pipe, and then she sees this young girl next to him giggling and she's screaming, please, I have a son. I have a son. She sees the girl hand, the attacker a bottle. They crack it onto her face and it starts burning instantly. This is not a normal burning sensation. It feels like her skin has massive, it's becoming Swiss cheese. There's holes burning into her, it's acid. She keeps screaming, please let me live.


I have a son. They pull her up to the fence. They start kicking her stomach. She manages to wrestle the metal pipe away, get up and start running. They throw the acid bottle at her. It starts dripping down her back. She doesn't know what to do. She starts running towards a neighbor's house, just hoping they're gonna open the door, just hoping that they're even home and she's knocking. One of the neighbors sees her. They open the door, grab her in, lock it. They're calling the emergency services. Diane runs directly to the shower. She's trying to wash all this acid out of her eyes from her nose inside her mouth. It's burning her whole hands. She's looking down. The whole shower is bloody just blood flowing down into the little drain.


She knows exactly who did this. It's her ex-boyfriend, the man that she shares a child with. He's the one that must have paid this attacker to do this. Her ex-boyfriend is a YouTuber named Gaddis, and she remembers the first time he was arrested, first time that things were just not right. This is even before she had her son, so a few years ago, the two of them were in London. Every single person passing by them is staring at her boyfriend, Gaddis. I mean, it's his necklace. It's the middle of the day. I mean, who wears that kind of necklace? Even if it's not the daytime, even nighttime. It's just weird. Some people are even whipping out their phones to take a picture as proof evidence to show their friends.


Look at this guy's necklace. 'cause around the man's neck, around Gaddis neck is a little bird hanging on a string, dead completely de feathered. What do you mean? Like killed dead de feathered, just a bird carcass. Hmm. It looks as small as a hummingbird. Okay. If you point your phone at him to take a video And he sees you, he might just turn around and smile and then you're gonna get more scared because between his teeth, there's just chunks of red blood. His whole mouth is bloodied, and it's from the dead squirrel that he is ripping apart in his hands to eat raw.


In front of the vegan market, he is standing outside a vegan market in London with a squirrel. He's managed to rip open the squirrel's stomach area, and he's just digging in, eating it raw And he is smiling. He did this last week in another city, but instead of a dead squirrel, he was chowing down on a decapitated pig head raw. Arguably, I guess the squirrel is much easier to carry around. It's more compact, but one passerby is staring at him like, why are you doing this, dude? I mean, I eat meat, but I don't do this in front of a vegan festival. Gaddis later explains, he's doing this for the vegans. He's trying to show them the dangers of not eating meat. He's trying to save them.


They're all putting their lives at risk And he can help them. My message is veganism is malnutrition, and the reason I and other people eat raw meat is because humans eat that in nature. He says, veganism is human cruelty. This is the case of raw meat, carnivore, YouTuber, Gaddis, and his three girlfriends, one that was attacked with acid and a homemade bomb, one that runs into an embassy with a shaved head accusing him of placing glue into her private parts to make her infertile, and another one who is allegedly on the run with him from charges of attempted murder.


We would like to thank today's sponsors who have made it possible for Rotten Mango to support the GoFundMe of the victim. The link can be found in the show notes.


This episode's partnerships have also made it possible to support Rotten Mango's growing team, and we'd also like to thank you guys for your continued support as we work on our mission to be worthy advocates. As always, full show notes are available at Rotten Mango podcast.com. A few disclaimers for today's case, there are mentions of DV graphic descriptions of raw meat eating, as well as some very Controversial conspiracies and or takes against women. There's also mentions of CSA. Okay, there's mentions of cannibalism incest as well, just putting that out there. So with that being said, let's get into it. Imagine 3.8 quintillion LED light bulbs. What's Quintillion? That's more than trillions.


Oh, okay. It's a lot of light bulbs. Okay. Let me give you some more context. If you were to evenly place the light bulbs on Earth's surface land water, it doesn't matter. You somehow get all the light bulbs to fit. You would cover the earth's surface completely with light bulbs, and then you would need to do it again approximately 44 times. Then you turn on these 44 earth-sized Christmas lights, turn them all on, and then you stare directly into it. That is the practice of sun gazing the practice of staring directly into the sun. Now, to be fair, sungas don't stare directly into the sun. When the UV index is high, they only sun gaze within the first hour after sunrise or before sunset.


They state that the UV index is the lowest then, and they start by staring directly into the sun for only 10 seconds, at least initially. The maximum that they ever do is about 30 to 40 minutes per session. It's been stated that sun gazing is this very ancient practice, but there is a lot of argument that the receiving of sunlight is the practice not necessarily staring directly into the sun. I thought, you know, like they're talking about in the morning, you're supposed to get a certain amount of sunlight, right? Yes. You're supposed to get sunlight first thing in the morning. It's actually really good for you without any sunscreen, without eye protection when the sun is rising, but you're not supposed to stare directly into the sun.


Yeah. 'cause That's killing your eyesight. Yeah. So dangerous. I mean, I would at least advise not to stare directly into the sun and likely every single doctor will as well. So there's a few types of sun gazers. There's ones that just get sun at critical points during the day. They do what the studies show, they go outside. When the sun rises, they don't stare into the sun. They just try to absorb as much light as possible. Then you have the more traditional sungas. They will look directly into the sun, but during the safe zone hours, then you have the extremist sun gazers who wanna stare directly into the sun for all hours of the day, including middle of the day when the UV index is the highest without a singular out of eye protection.


We're talking about the extreme sun gazers today, because as I've mentioned before, sunlight is not bad for you, but this is extreme. The extreme, extreme sun gazers believe that sun gazing helps you download information from the sun. The sun is a giant server and we are processors and we're requesting data from the sun. I'm not kidding you. Like what kind of data? Knowledge. Oh, Yeah. Knowledge can be absorbed through the sun, not enlightenment, not dopamine, not serotonin knowledge, cold hard facts. You get them just downloaded into your brain by looking at it.


Yeah, the metadata just comes in. Okay, and some even take it a step further stating that if you are a really good sun gazer, like a professional sun gazer, you don't even have to eat another meal of food in your entire life. It's this very fascinating belief that one will photosynthesize like a plant. People want to morph into solar panels, getting all their nutrients directly from the sun. Gaddis ladens the YouTuber. He's originally from Latvia, but he travels primarily through Europe and he's an avid sun gazer. Okay. Just to give you context for the audio listeners, he's got long blonde hair. He ties it in a low ponytail in the back, And he is pretty fit.


He's actually very muscular. He spends most of his time filming in the middle of the woods, like in the middle of a forest, somehow always shirtless, barefoot, just enjoying nature. How old is he now? He's in his thirties. Oh, he's young. Yeah, but he's been a YouTuber since. Oh, very long time. Okay, now, Gaddis says he sunga all the time. He does it all day, every day, midday, it doesn't matter. Sometimes he will just lay there for the entire day downloading information directly with his pupils and the sun not closing his eyes, not wearing sunglasses, just raw dogging the sun. He says, when there's a cloud, I wait for the cloud to go away and I just sun gaze. I sun gaze all the time.


From sunrise to sunset. He tries to explain the reason of sun gazing to his viewers, And he says, you listen and you unlock your mind. Okay, we are liquified sun. We all come from the same source. We wake up according to the sun's movement, when the sun is far away, we lay down as if we are dead. He's talking about sleeping, and when it's closer, we wake up because it literally pulls us up and that's because we feel the sun's presence. How many followers does he have? He's had multiple channels. His most follow channel had like hundreds of thousands. Wow. Yeah, but he, his online digital footprint is, it took me so many days to get through of just brain rotting through his forums and everything.


It was a lot just, you wait, we're gonna get into it all. And he tells everybody he used to wear glasses. He says, I used to wear glasses almost all my life. I started when I was around four. I stopped when I was around 22. I simply stopped wearing my glasses and started doing contacts. But even contacts are annoying. It's unnatural. We're not supposed to do it. Stop with the unnatural glasses. We don't need glasses on our faces. That's why kids who have glasses get bullied. It's unnatural. It's ugly. You're not supposed to look like that. If you see someone with glasses, they don't like it. It's because it looks like shit. It's just how it works. He says, sun gazing fixed his vision, which I, I have seen a lot of sun gazer say it helps. I don't think it helps midday. You're gonna burn holes in your retina, but I don't know.


For months, Gaddes is just trying to unlock the true power of sun gazing, and then he feels the weirdest thing. It's like a vibration inside of his chest. If you were to have your phone just vibrating on your chest, that's what it feels like, but it's under your skin somehow. It's like a humming right under his heart. He says that once that vibration hits, he starts realizing things. The sun is feeding him. He doesn't, in fact need to eat. It feels better not to eat at all. He says, I went without food. Now, just a side note, Gaddis is a vegan at this point. Yeah, he was a vegan. He was a vegan, And he continues. I felt completely fine pretty much for a week and a month went on with only water pretty much.


My consciousness was so different at that point. It was the clearest, purest moment of my life. Just pure sun gazing all the time, downloading the nutrients into my prefrontal cortex. That's what he's saying. Then he wakes up one day, the sun is gone. It disappeared. It's nowhere to be found. It's just white fluorescent lights. He's in the freaking ICU. The doctors are staring at him. Welcome back. You almost died. You've been in intensive care for nine days. Everything was prepared for the worst case scenario that you would die. We told your sister that you would most likely die because you've been fasting for 30 days.


He was drinking some lemon juice here and there, which I imagine to be the worst thing to drink on an empty stomach, like a 27 day empty stomach. He took some salt for electrolytes, but that's it. When he finally wakes up in that ICU Gaddis said that his visions were so clear he was having these dream-like hallucinations, but they felt so rooted in reality. He says, I saw people sun gazing visions of it, people sun gazing, and they just had these raw organs in their hands and eating them, eating them, and it's just really just really got stuck in my head. I was really starved and I started eating again in the hospital. I wanted flesh so bad.


I actually wanted human flesh, and there's a reason for this. I was quite mad at these doctors there because they were giving me these, this carbohydrate shit, and there's a lot of stuff going wrong there, and that's why I actually just wanted to bite their flesh, the doctors and the nurses and eat them. This is how gaddis the YouTuber goes from being a vegan influencer to a raw meat carnivore influencer, this hospitalization of wanting to eat his doctors. Hmm. Have you heard of high meat before? You take a piece of raw meat, I believe most encouraged is a giant chunk of raw cow liver. You stick it into one of those glass pickling jars and you just let it sit.


You let it deliberately rot for about a year. Occasionally, every few days or so, people will have to open the lid to burp the rotting jar of meat or else it'll just explode. You gotta let the gases come out and then after about a year, sometimes eight months of letting it decompose, you eat it. What a lot of raw meat carnivores say they wanna get two things out of the meat. Supposed probiotic effects, I guess if you consider salmonella and e coli probiotics, but also they say it helps them feel this sense of euphoria that you can't replicate anywhere else. You feel high. That's why it's called high meat Gaddis.


The ex vegan now raw carnivore, he claims he only eats raw meat, not cooked meat, but raw meat, just raw ground beef, raw eggs, raw pork, everything raw. He makes his own high meat and in one video he tries it. For the first time ever, he says, hi guys. My high meat is one years old now, so I'm going to eat it all at once. He pulls up this giant scoop. It looks like if you were to soak cardboard into water, and it's just broken down into this mashed, grainy, moldy goop, he sniffs it. It smells like acidic mushrooms. He takes a big bite of the bacteria goop. It looks like he's about to gag. Very strong.


It's like eating chili. Fucking hell fuck. Then you just see him sit there for a second absorbing the high meat, having the e coli run around his body like a playground. I can already feel it. It's definitely high. You know, meat, if you get what I'm saying. This becomes a regular thing. In another video, he's scooping up what can only be described as a giant brown slug covered in mud. It's about two, three fingers together in size. It's another round of high meat, probably beef liver, but it's still not as bad as the rotten brain. He holds up a jar of brains that he's left to decompose for a year. It looks like blueberry flavored yogurt, and on top is this mushy red substance.


Ugh, this is real brain from August, 2019, so eight months old. I made it in Berlin, Germany. I traveled with it, a dark red layer on top. It smells like a typical high meat, and then something else, which I've never s smelled before. He takes a nibble, huh? You know, you just become sort of high, but a natural high, not one that has any side effects. This is how Gaddis infiltrates the raw meat carnivore world as an ex vegan. Now, side note, I've eaten raw meat before. I think most of us have like steak tartar. Even my steaks are sometimes like medium. A raw meat carnivore is not that. They eat raw meat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.


They will have a plate of ground beef with raw egg yolks on top with a glass of unpasteurized milk, with a whole stick of butter and a side of raw liver, and sometimes for shock value, bull testicles raw, waiting to burst in their mouths. At least that's what the raw meat carnivore influencers are doing. One thing about the raw meat community that I will say, other than the fact that you do you, that's between you, your stomach and your doctor and your bathroom, but some raw meat influencers, the way they do these, what I eat in a day videos with their raw meat, I feel like they're doing it for the first time ever. The way that they eat the raw meat just looks so foreign. It doesn't feel like a natural daily activity.


So I wonder if a lot of them are doing it for cliques. Then what? Why? Why is there such a big community? Is it like a trend right now or, I don't know if the community is big. I think that the influencers gain a lot of shock, value attention. Mm. And I, I imagine that most people who do eat raw meat, there's not that many of them, or at least Is a liver king, the the person or no? Yeah, he's one of the most well-known raw meat carnivores, although I have seen him eat cooked meat before, but he's very heavy on that primitive lifestyle. A lot of them want to replicate what our ancestors did eat raw meat before it's cooked. They think cooking takes out the nutrition.


They think cooking makes it undigestible, so they eat raw organs, raw meat, they drink raw animal blood, raw unpasteurized milk. The liver king doesn't even shower Really. So he's very into that primitive lifestyle. He only soaps up his groin area And he says he swims in lakes, he swims in rivers. He doesn't need to shower because our ancestors didn't shower. He'll eat like a fatty piece of steak and his hands are all greasy And he uses that as moisturizer and for his hair. Yeah, and people who have done podcasts with the liver king say he is one of these sweetest but smelliest people that they've ever encountered in their entire lives just smells like a decomposing body.


Okay? It's so fascinating that they have such primitive values, but they're all over social media, isn't it? It's kind of weird, and some ramy carnivores state claim that because their diet is so nutritious and is what our body craves, they don't even fart anymore. GA is claims he hasn't had a fart in years. What a flex, Oddly, really oddly, he states, for example, my friend Derek, I haven't farted in five years. My friend Derek has been eating meat, just raw meat for nine years. He hasn't had a fart in nine years. Think about that. He's telling us to think about it. He also claims that he rarely drinks water.


Now, there is a claim out there that these water companies are poisoning us, which okay, valid. Nothing is impossible. I don't trust these big corporations either way, but they state that if you eat a lot of raw meat, there's so much water in the blood, in the food, that you don't actually need to drink water, and if you really are thirsty, the key is to drink blood, lots of blood. That is what Gaddis explains. This is his quote. If you would turn on your head for once in your life and think about why the government made blood illegal in most places, then you would maybe start realizing what's going on. The government banned drinking blood because it's so nutritious for you that the water and food companies would be all out of business. If you consume raw meat, your health problems would disappear that you wouldn't ever need to go to the hospital.


So healthcare would be out of business. To put it simply, Gati says, you are a satanist if you cook food. Vegetarianism is what started veganism. So don't you ever vegetarians ever fucking message me believing that I have any respect for you. Vegetarians are absolute scum. You are mentally ill if you don't eat raw meat. What excuse could you possibly have for not eating your natural diet? If you see blood, liver, and brains and you don't find those foods appetizing, then you're mentally ill. If you find it disgusting, you have mental issues. If you find the smell of raw meat disgusting, then you are drugged up and you have a toxic body that doesn't let you recognize natural food. If the appearance of raw meat is disgusting, then you have been brainwashed by the media.


It's the same as a tiger finding raw meat. Disgusting. It's the same. It's a severe mental illness. You've got to understand this. You are insane. Raw meat is the cure to everything. If you drink blood, eat raw meat and raw animal fat, then you will cure every disease ever known. He believes that if you are vegan, which he used to be vegan, you are a filthy, malnourished and mentally ill person and there is no way that you can ever possibly even be pretty. He will say this with all this raw pig meat stuck in between his teeth. Side note, the first week after going full raw carnivore, Gaddis was hospitalized for a really long time again, And he explains in the video, this is a PSA if you slurp raw bone marrow out of its bone, he says he ate raw chicken, bone marrow for whatever reason, it gave him a bacteria, took him a month to fully cover from.


He couldn't even open the door. That's how weak he was from the food poisoning. He says, I actually talked to my trainer and she said, many people got completely paralyzed from it, and some people even died from it because the bacteria can go into the heart and the heart is a muscle and it makes the heart stop bleeding, you know? But it's all part of getting used to the bacterias and de brainwashing yourself from modern day slavery because only raw meat people are beautiful. He says, there will be no more good looking humans left soon 'cause we're all cooking our meat. Or God forbid some of us are not even consuming meat. He says, the humans of today are the very first ones in history that don't eat raw animal foods. That's why you're ugly.


He thinks we're all ugly, but sometimes the call is coming from inside the house, but the resident just doesn't have all the lights on upstairs, so the call is missed. His favorite types of videos are critiquing vegan influencers. He has a channel called Godes goat gatis Godes. I don't know if he's referring to greatest of all time or the actual animal goat, but the titles are always something along the lines of two anti-human vegans Make fun of a malnourished kid. What a walking tumor eats in a day to die prematurely. Vegan parents and vegan children starving my child against their will. Sick vegan parents don't let their children eat what they need mentally ill vegan with brain damage.


Malnourished vegan teen believes that he's a model vegan girl smells because of her toxic diet and he's just reacting to random nice vegans that do like what I eat in a day, minding their own business on the internet. But it is very clear that the true reason that he passionately despises vegans is because when he was a vegan, he shot himself in a video. He's hiking and explaining two days before New Year's, it's minus seven degrees outside, and I shit myself for the first time in my adult life because when you eat plants, because they're indigestible, you get a lot of pressure and you gotta go to the toilet a lot. And because there was nowhere to go, I was on the street and it happened.


I shit myself and because of muscle atrophy it was hard to control it. It was horrible. So for a moment I thought maybe Gaddis is just like a master raid. Baiter, he says unhinged stuff in videos to get clicks. But one person who states they met Gaddis in person. They say One day we went to Central Berlin. We were walking around the mall and the mall had a butcher shop that Gaddis was apparently a frequent customer of, and on the same level of the butcher shop was this Chinese restaurant. The restaurant was located in the middle of the floor next to other shops and it was shaped as like a circle. So it was more of a, a fast food join to eat at, if you will.


Both me and the other guy we were with were hungry, so we decided to eat some food at the Chinese restaurant. Meanwhile, Gaddis being an absolute narcissist, he bought this huge fucking cow tongue from the butcher shop and started walking around everywhere, the whole entire floor, eating it raw in front of people's faces. He then walked into a more fancy restaurant and just stood at the entrance staring at people while chowing down on the tongue and spitting pieces of it onto the floor. None of this was filmed, so it's not even just for videos. He's doing this. Yeah, so like he's just like a crazy dude. Yeah, just want to give some crazy attentions and yeah, And it's just bold coming from someone who wants to commit incest.


What In a video gaddis is explaining to us like we're idiots with our heads shoved into the sand when it comes to incest. Nobody wants to even think about it. That's what he says. So he posts these like crazy comments on each YouTube videos. He makes these videos and talking about it. His new YouTube channel does not have any of them. His past one called Severage had all it got suspended by YouTube, and he's actually not supposed to have another YouTube channel, 'cause that's the YouTube policy. Once your channel gets suspended, you can't make another one, but he does, and it's called Godes. Okay? So we should, I don't know if you feel inclined to report it I guess, but as a carnivore, he says it's best to consume what is closest to you for regeneration, and if you switch off what you have learned for a second, you may come to the same conclusion about sex.


He's saying as a carnivore, eating raw meat that is closest to you is healthiest for you. So sex, having intimate relations, oh my goodness, with someone closest to you should be the best for you. He says the word incest comes from chastity, so it's purely a religious concept. If you have intimate relations with your children or your brother has intimate relations with your sister, then it's wrong. You know, when I used to watch intimate videos back in the day, there used to be a lot of videos of mom and son, daughter, father, brother, sister, and later on they changed that probably because of legal issues. Afterwards they kept saying stepmom, stepbrother. I guess they were not allowed to call the videos like that anymore, but the reason they always did it is because that's what people are longing for, but they're not allowed to.


It's a taboo topic anyway, and actually you're not legally allowed to in most countries on earth. But in the so-called ancient times, it was normal for the mother to show the son how to have intimate relations. This is why the sons quite often choose a girlfriend that look like their mother, and the daughters choose a boyfriend like their father, and of course we can produce children with our sisters and brothers. You know the word monogamy? Monogamy is you having intimate relations with your family. Monogamy is not you only having intimate relations with your wife in marriage, which is a societal construct that doesn't even exist. Marriage is in your head, not in nature. You simply fuck your family and there's no jealousy.


Why would you be jealous of yourself, your child, you know your brother, your sister, which we can assume is only 50% the woman and 50% the man. You're creating a different version of yourself and then you have intimate relations with yourself. So do you think he's being serious about this? Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately, I wish I could say I thought he was rage baiting, but I do think he was relatively serious, huh? There are orgies so-called ones just like any wild animal would do with their own family, and there's nothing wrong without whatsoever. Everything that the elite does is right and natural, and we see it as wrong and evil and so on because we are the ones in the wrong.


We see everything that's right as wrong. You may come to the same conclusions about intimate relations. You know, we get told about all these genetic disorders and birth defects. There's a lot of claims, but no proof. Correct me if I'm wrong, wouldn't these problems logically come from people that is further away from you? He's saying if you have children with someone further away from you, you know, there's actually this guy that who's on trial for being a cult leader. He said that he had intimate relations in front of his children And he actually let his son grab his private parts And he would talk about it like it's all natural and it is actually natural. You would always have intimate relations in front of your children because there's nothing special about it.


Intimate relations in nature is just nothing. It's like eating or shitting. As I said, they drilled inside of your head. Everybody in your life, the media, your parents, the school system told you that it's wrong. You have been reeducated, and that's why you cannot actually explain why it's wrong. When you hear about something such as having intimate relations around children or your children, whatever, your family, it feels wrong, but does it actually? No. It is simply inside of your head. As I said, if you were to play tennis with a girl who's under the age of consent, not that there is such a thing in nature, it's a societal construct. In some countries it's 17 and others, it's 13. Whatever people make up, if you play tennis with her, it's okay.


Or him also if you're a woman, but if you have intimate relations with them, it's wrong. Wow. Yeah, Gaddis, it is. That's exactly what we're saying. He puts his index finger to point at his head like, duh, why is nobody else using their brains? I will say though, the way this walking brain tumor just starts his videos to some extent is comical. He's just in the middle of the forest wearing a bright red hoodie with a bright red headband on And he just starts, what's up? What's up? You may not understand this because you grew up as a slave, but the police are satanists whose job is to enslave you, protect the elite and punish natural humans. Two seconds into the video, we don't even get an introduction.


We don't even get like an ad break or anything. Nothing. Just what's up, what's up? So let's go through Gaddy's most interesting takes on life so we can all be enlightened. He states that the purpose of reading newspapers, books, reading anything other than maybe his substack is to ruin your brain. He says it's a manmade language with manmade letters we're not supposed to read in nature. That's why people don't like to read. People always ask me about my favorite books. I don't have any because reading is unnatural. It's not something you're supposed to like. It's as simple as that. That's also how you ruin your eyesight because you're always looking at these tiny little letters up close. Why are the letters so small? It's supposed to ruin your eyesight. That's the purpose. The better way to receive information through the cosmos, through sun gazing and that.


That's the other thing. Our intelligence increases, and that's because we are sun powered. We have sun powered brains, so to speak. That's what people call it. I've received information and my understanding of the world from the sun, from the cosmos haven't come from any books. I haven't heard it from people. It just comes as your sun gazing. Wow, Okay, download. Complete sunglasses are also a deception made to look cool like cigarettes. Maybe that's why I'm obsessed with sunsets, but I haven't seen a sunrise in ages because I wake up much later. The sun really is much easier to look at when it's set. If I didn't live in a system, I can imagine I would have done it just like without anyone telling me, like, why do we all believe sunsets and sunrises are beautiful?


It seems like nowadays people associate the sun with the wrong things. He's just saying gibberish at this point, right? Yes. Just like whatever comes into his mind, he's just So, he wants us to be in the sun staring directly, you know, burning our retinas holes into our retinas, into the sun on a daily basis, but also being outside is dangerous. He says, Berlin is where I live. Seems to be a big, big target. Once it got dark last year, two planes, two planes with identical lights appeared and were flying around. I assume that they were spraying something because in the dark you can hardly see anything. It just looked suspicious. The belief being that planes are spraying aluminum into the air to poison humans and nature.


He also wears pants that read nine 11, no planes hit the World Trade Centers. There's this conspiracy out there that the towers were never hit by planes, that they were brought down by a controlled demolition using explosives. So there's that, and the earth is flat, okay? He has like random passionate takes, like the earth is flat. Additionally, quote, saunas are voluntary, self exit for super depressed people. What he thinks, saunas are really bad for you. So he's like, whatever conspiracy he comes across, he said, oh yeah, That makes sense. That makes sense, yes, and somehow yet, okay, none of these beliefs even come close to his views on cannibalism.


There's a video of gaddis standing in front of the camera and holding up a vial of blood. It looks like the kind of blood that you would get drawn at the doctor's office during your annuals. It, it's blood, but it's not from an animal. It's from a subscriber of Gaddis human blood. Gaddis says, ah, the elixir of life, And he opens it up and gulps it down, smiling. There's blood all over his teeth like he's auditioning for a vampire extra. In the new Twilight spinoff, he's smiling, saying, thank you, man, to the subscriber who sent him the blood. Thank you, man. It's like having sex with you, but better. It's like having you in me.


Oh fuck, I would like more of this. It's so good. I get it now. This is the epiphany of my life. This is why they do it. Imagine baby blood. Fuck, man. He starts rubbing his beard and his voice gets very pensive and just far too creepy. He said before, human blood is the highest form, especially virgin blood. Also the menstrual blood. If women would drink it or men as they used to, they wouldn't get all that gray hair and all that other stuff. We should all be drinking blood and before you get so offended like I am, 'cause we're not enlightened.


He says, I've mentioned in a few times in videos about eating other humans, but sort of as a joke, even though it wasn't. But that's because I realize that people aren't open about talking about it before you get all close-minded about it. Just look into all the tribes, look into people dying, and then other people eating them as, I forget the word, as a sign of respect. Let's just say that to the one that died. Also, nourishment. Nourishment from the body and thanking the body. I mean, it all just really makes sense. It's trying to click. Look at this from your soul's perspective and not just what we have been taught and brainwashed. This is very well documented. Not a lot of people talk about it. Eating other animals raw and then eating humans.


If you compare it, there's hardly any difference. I mean, psychologically, yes, I do understand it could be hard getting over it. Point being, it's a mindset, but if you eat babies or a young human heart, of course it's gonna regenerate rapidly and of course it's the best food for the human, for your own heart. The proof that Gaddis has for all these arguments is the Illuminati. He teaches his followers. The Illuminati are happy people 'cause they're our wording, babies and children and eating them. They have built a perfect system for themselves where they can have human hunting, parties, rape and torture dungeons and babies for breakfast. All the research I've done since I've gotten out of the hospital completely tells me that the Illuminati's diet consists of baby and children, organs.


You know how to live long, how to live healthy, the secrets of humanity and of this planet and everything. Of course, the Illuminati understands. If you look into organ harvesting of children and reports of thousands of refugee children just disappearing, if the Illuminati members have a problem with their heart, which they probably wouldn't 'cause they eat so well except when they're over like a hundred something or you know, they would of course still then start eating the organs of the children because no animal is going to compare to another human's organs. So what do you think is going to happen in your cells and the regeneration? If you eat a baby or a young human's heart, it's gonna regenerate rapidly. They want you to eat plants while they eat children.


Just fucking wake up. You are all slaves. Everyone is being conditioned except Gaddis because he gets his information from the cosmos. He goes on to state, you know, Marvel. The movie is a prime example of slavery, conditioning, you know the the superheroes. Think about how the so-called good and bad guys are portrayed in the movies. The so-called villains want to have total control and kill anybody that's in their way. That's the definition of human nature and exactly what the enlightened ones do. That's what we should be doing. The so-called heroes. They wanna protect society and keep us enslaved, killer imprison. Anybody who wants to try to disrupt the control system, that's what the heroes are doing. My biggest question is how does this guy end up with children from at least two separate relationships and is almost always perpetually in a relationship?


Except I'm confused. Maybe he has super enlightened views on women. He says in a video, I see a lot of videos for women on YouTube on how to get a so-called hourglass figure. They will tell you to work out, do plastic surgery, go on unnatural diets and so on. All of this is bullshit. There's only one solution to all your problems. Pregnancy. The reason you look, the way you look is because you do not get pregnant right after you started menstruating. Your menstruation is literally your body nature. God, if you're religious, telling you to have children. Now, every woman on earth that did not get pregnant when she was supposed to, now looks different than she should. Not doing that is exactly the same as not eating meat and fat.


When you are hungry and you will naturally be punished for it, you are punished with your ugly looks, which means that most women in Europe and North America don't look the way they're supposed to do. You understand how big of a deal that is? You've probably been told all of your life that childbirth is very painful. It actually isn't, but it is for most women in the West, and that's because they give birth almost 15 years too late. You have to understand from nature's perspective, you are seen as a loser and that's why you get punished with pain. This is why you have to give birth. While you are young and flexible, your hips will widen very easily when giving birth. You won't have stretch marks. Your breasts will be much bigger. Back in the day, we did not document our birthdays as we do now.


Most people don't know how old they are because naturally it's relevant. On the day a girl gets her first period is usually when she loses her virginity and gets impregnated. Nobody cared about her exact age because it didn't matter up until today. I will give you some examples. In Spain 20 years ago, the age of consent was 12 and it was changed to 16 some years ago. In Italy and Germany it was also 12 in Italy, it's 14 now, which side note, anybody who knows the actual con age of consent in all these countries, I am so terrified of you. Yeah, why do you know this? That is crazy. Yeah. I don't even know the age of consent in Mo, like the country I live in. Yeah. Or even talking about it like it's some sort of a proof of something like, Yeah, it's just legally a differentiating, but usually it's you're of age or not.


Yeah. Why does that even matter to you? Yeah. As an adult too, bringing up this fact, It doesn't make sense. Yeah, And he says not much has changed there in Canada, up until 2008, it was 14, you know, artificial marriages with contracts usually happen between the ages of nine and 12 all around the world. A bit over a hundred years ago. The age of consent in the US was seven to 12, depending on the state. In 1920, after World War I, it was changed to 16 and 18. Nowadays, we have mind control programs such as to Catch a Predator with Chris Hansen, I'm sure a lot of you have seen it. Men get caught, quote unquote caught for wanting to sleep with 15-year-old girls. Yet in Europe, the age of consent is 14 to 15 in most countries, and that's simply because even the government here understands that no matter how old you are as a guy, you would have to be severely mentally ill to not find a 15-year-old girl attractive.


That is crazy. This is what the new world order is about. I assume the age of consent is gonna move to 1820 in the new world order. If there even will be. Essentially there won't be such a thing as a family anymore. This is all part of the depopulation agenda. If you believe that you are being oppressed as a woman, when in reality liberation is the oppression in another video, because for some reason a camera and a microphone and internet service is way too accessible for everyone, probably including myself. He says, I got an email from a girl in her twenties who was offended by my video that was called Sex Equals Marriage. She tried to justify herself to me.


She had this failed relationship and she tried to explain to me that she is now more experienced in intimate relations as in something good came out of this relationship even though they're no longer together. This made me actually think there are women out there who believe that they can get better at intimate relations. Listen carefully. All women must understand this. What do you think is the most at unattractive off-putting thing you can say to a guy, any idea that you are good at intimate relations? To us, this only means one thing. You are a slut and you are worthless. That's actually two things. You idiot, but could you theoretically learn how to please a guy better by giving and having more experience?


Possibly a tiny bit, but intimate relations is not complicated. It comes naturally. Even if you could, every man on earth would choose someone who is inexperienced, ideally a virgin over you. Once you lose your virginity, your value goes down to here. Even if you learn everything there is to learn about intimate relations, your value would only go up tiny little bit. Whereas someone who is innocent and pure will always be at the top because that is what is actually attractive to a male human being. It doesn't matter what the fuck you learn because you will always be at the bottom and not desirable. This is what I said. As a girl, you have to be very careful who you choose as your partner because it has to be somebody for life. Once a girl is damaged, she starts dressing like a slut.


Sure, you may attract some loser who watches a lot of videos online, but a healthy man is not going to come and choose you. This is one of the ways they destroy families nowadays. They brainwash young men and women to gather a lot of intimate experience and later when they decide to have a family, they're so damaged, it's impossible for them to even be loyal to each other. Can you believe that Gaddis hates Andrew Tate? Really? I I was so shocked. That is so interesting. I think it's because Andrew Tate is financially more successful at being the human equivalent of dog shit on a shoe. Okay. He's winning the competition. At least he's a somewhat wealthy dog shit on a shoe because one would easily imagine that the two of them would be best friends just eating each other's raw meat circle jerking about how great they are, but no Gaddis states, Andrew Tate is a loser for going after money because it's a manmade system.


You know what? I feel like he has so many takes. Yeah. Of these really dumb, bizarre ideas or theories or whatever it is. I, it's almost like everything he has, he has to take like the opposite take Extreme too. Yeah. Extreme opposite. Take that triggers the most amount of people. Yeah. You know what I mean? Whatever triggers the most amount of people, he's gonna say it. He's just different. Yeah. He's not like the other boys, So that makes me think that he's just want to get these reaction outta people, like eating a, a raw animal on the street. Like what, what do you get out of it?


Reaction. He's getting, he wants to see people getting all, like get, get all riled up. So ideas, his actions, everything he does is rooted from that almost like I, I kind of find it almost hard to believe that he can believe in every single thing that he said so far. Like he's obsessed with every single one of these conspiracies or ideas or like crazy bizarre theories. Like how where, where do you even come out? Come up with all of these, But that's an interesting question. Please leave it in the comments. What kind of personality does that? Because I don't like attention outside, especially when it's negative, right? If people are staring at me like I have a booger on my nose, I'm getting very self-conscious.


But there are, like you said, people that are, yeah, they love it. They love eliciting that type of Mm. Or just to them like attention is attention, like they want some kind of attention. I don't know. So bizarre. So bizarre. He says Andrew Tate, there is no higher form of a loser than a loser. He tells people to escape the matrix, but he doesn't realize that he's completely stuck in the matrix himself. He looks very ugly. He is a deformed face And he is below average and looks, which is why of course he wants to compensate and get a lot of money and cars at a big house and so on. All I have to say is the girls are fighting. Okay. He also has it out for Charlie. Side note, one of the biggest creators on YouTube, also known as Penguin Zero.


Yeah. He says Charlie is the most depressed and disgusting YouTuber. Charlie was commenting on another raw meat carnivore creator talking about high meat and stating it's just rotted poisonous meat, which it appears to be on all accounts. How is this high meat thing a thing when you know, this sounds like you can really go to ICUs immediately for Yes. Like you could die. Yeah. So how? How is that? They keep doing that. They Just keep doing it. They don't care. Mm. I even thought about it. I had this whole minute where I was sitting there like, what if they were faking it? What if they were putting cardboard into water? Mm. Because it doesn't make sense how they're alive. Right? Right. It sounds extremely crazy.


Yeah. Gaddis reacts to Charlie saying what is poisonous about it? Poison would imply toxins. How is it toxic? Do you have any proof, any arguments, just anything at all, or do you just call it something because you're ignorant? He states, Charlie has a video gamer brain or lack thereof. AKA Charlie has no brain, and this guy Gaddis is just marinating in these wild thoughts. Now, keep in mind, same guy that says Charlie has no brain in a separate video, he states pedophilia Is great, Basically supposedly coming from ancient Greek and meaning love for children, which I feel is already not the best way to define that word. At this point.


I feel like I can guess everything that he is going to say. Just say the opposite of what mass is thinking. Yes, and then also just go on like two Reddit threads of some vile people. It's nothing too creative. He's just so passionate. You become sexually attractive when you enter puberty by nature because of the looks and the smells. It's when you are ready in a sense, when you look at the body of a 10-year-old, but because of this early puberty, even somebody who is 80 may find somebody this age attractive simply because of that. So it's kind of a confusion in your head. Why do I find them attractive when they are this age? There are also people who find people before they're puberty attractive, so which this is called a police level of alarming, but it gets increasingly worse.


He says that something being negative or doing something negative is a societal construct that something can't actually truly be negative. He says, who deems what is negative? Humans. Humans, okay. He goes into further dig himself into this brainless swamp by stating that if someone were to essay his girlfriend, he would not deem that as a negative because that's a societal construct. This is the same guy that thinks women with too many intimate partners as negative, which is a societal construct. He also just has some very random takes, such as it is not uncommon for women to grow beards. They just have been conditioned by those in power to shave them, which you know what could be valid, which fine but random and it leads people to the question, who on earth can find this man attractive to his defense?


This is not me making a defense. This is his own defense. He says the reason his YouTube channels are not as popular as everybody else's on the platforms, the reason he's not winning any awards for his content is simply because 98% of people are our words. What does that mean? When you create, what you create appeals to 98% of people, it means you are an R word. One of his ex-girlfriends said, I will say I was blinded at the time. I liked the aesthetic of his videos. There were a lot of other videos where he just talks about meat and diet and health and how the government is not really on our side.


Those messages were somewhat positive. He was telling us to take control of our lives, you know, he had a lot of charisma. He appealed to people who were longing for a life without worrying about working all the time. For example, he traveled around the world And he talked about how happy he was. It's like I was hypnotized. We, his fans just ignored all these alarming messages and focused on the good parts of his channel. Diane, his girlfriend, was one of those people. She saw the good in Gaddes, one of the most sinister videos. Gaddis goes on to upload at the time. It's not sinister. Just wait, when? When was this? This was in like 2014. Oh, 2018, sorry. 2018. Gaddis is sitting next to his girlfriend Diane.


They're both sitting on the floor. Gaddis looks like he always does, you know, good or bad. Take it as you will, and Diane looks like she's just been through it. This is not how she normally appears on the channel. Diana is a very, she's from the Netherlands. She's this sweet put together girl that always, she's a little bit softer. People always wondered what does she see in Gaddis, but now she's sitting there, she looks like she's been through it. Her hair is messy. It almost looks chopped in some places. It looks like someone just took a snippet of her hair and started cutting it in random places. She's got a black eye. Her face is incredibly bruised and swollen and when she opens her mouth, all of her teeth are chipped. Her eyes are zoned out almost like she's in some sort of daze.


Gaddis does most of the talking throughout the video where he alleges that he and Diane were walking through the forest in Germany and Diane was targeted. She was briefly alone and she was targeted. He says, I'll get straight to the point. My girlfriend Diane was mugged yesterday. I wouldn't even make a video about it, but all of her teeth are chipped in at the top and the bottom because of the kick in the face. We tried all kinds of raw foods to heal her. Even raw eggs, they're pretty much liquid, but she can't eat them because it hurts so fucking much. So now we gotta get a straw and somehow try to feed her some nutrition so she heals in some way and it's all fucked up. Okay? Everything here, her face is swollen, the nose is swollen. She already had problems with the nose, she had surgeries, so we don't know what's gonna happen with that.


Now, Diane, what did the doctor say at the hospital? He turns to Diane and her voice is weak, that there could have been some internal bleeding because you could die. Diane nods and Gaddis starts ranting. You couldn't even remember your phone number and age. It's just also fucked up. You definitely gotta go to a dentist now because you can't eat anything and you know how expensive dentists are in Europe and dealt with the nose. Also. I appreciate all the support I get on Patreon with that money. That money pretty much pays for my food. That's about it. We both don't have a decent income to pay for any of this, so if anybody could support us in any way, even five to $10 on my PayPal, for example, that would really help us. He says that Diane was attacked by quote unquote immigrants.


He gets about $5,000 in donations and the two fly out to Ukraine for the surgeries, which costs exponentially less than $5,000. Diane said when she first saw Gaddis videos online, she was really impressed by him because he seemed like he cared. She had a lot of health problems that the doctors couldn't pinpoint, nobody could figure it out. She had to quit school because of it And he just seemed like a very patient, kind, confident person. But now she's in the Airbnb in Ukraine. She's got surgery tomorrow to fix the damage to her nose, and here is Gaddis live streaming. She's clearly agitated because come on time and place and she keeps telling him to get off the livestream.


I mean, as a boyfriend you would expect he would wanna comfort her in the livestream. He angrily tells her, shut the fuck up. I'm doing under two hours. What the fuck do you not understand? No, it hasn't been two hours. It's one hour and 59 minutes. Shut the fuck up. I said, I'm doing under two hours. I'm doing it. You fucking cunt. I said, under two hours. I fucking said it already. What? So she's just asking him, Hey, can you get off now? Yes. And he's just screaming at Her. Yes. And he's laughing and screaming and even in that live stream, someone asks him, do you have any respect for your girlfriend? He responds, I don't have respect for anyone. It's not natural.


After he prolongs the livestream even more, he starts pointing the camera to her to record her. She retreats into the hallway of the Airbnb to get away from him. He gets up, picks up his computer and tries to follow her to show her on the livestream. She grabs a knife and lunges at him in the hallway to show him how serious she is. But he just tells the Chad how insane she is and maybe she's, yeah, Gaddis is in the wrong. I don't think he's a good person, but is it really worth lunging at him with a knife or is there another reason that she would lunge at him with a knife? Years later, Diane would come out with the truth. She was never attacked by some shadowy immigrants in the forest. She says she went into the forest to help him record a video and all she remembers in the midst of filming, she was tying her shoe laces and then nothing.


She blacked out. She wakes up, she's in the middle of the forest, confused. What the hell is going on? She says, I woke up incredibly confused. I couldn't even remember my own phone number. And that's really unlike me. It was really weird to me. I didn't know what happened. All I knew was I gotta get out of there. I gotta go to where Gadi is because something happened to me. He's gone by the way she calls the ambulance. This is in Germany. She hardly knows any German. She says they're trying to tell her to explain what happened. She's confused. She's severely con, gosh, she can't speak the language and she just didn't understand until it clicked. A little bit later, she had said something in the forest. He misheard her and believed that he, she was making fun of his small private part, which she did not, and even if she did, but he just walks up to her while she's tying her shoes and kicks her so hard in the face.


Diane says later, it turned out at the hospital that I could have died right then and there. That was the first attempted murder. But some of Gaddy's fans to this day don't believe Diane. They think Diane is making all of this up. I highly doubt it because Gaddis himself has said in a video, the only way to be happy is to make others unhappy. Realize you've been living your whole life religiously. Following morals, ethics, which are created by religions, one of the most important lessons and life is to not treat others the way you wanna be treated. There are no morals in nature. They were created by religions. This means that your life is based on manmade beliefs. Life is all about consuming others' energy for your own good, because that is literally the only way to be happy.


Even saying violence is not the answer is such a deception. It is typical unnatural behavior because in nature, if you want something solved, you go and you do it, you remove the problem. That is our instinct. On top of that, just the way he starts dating, Diane, I feel like should tell us enough about him. When Gads and Diane start dating initially, he posts this video where he doesn't even introduce Diane. He just says, what's up everybody? I'm gonna make a completely raw video, no editing and just tell you what is going on. A lot of you guys ask me over the last years, months where I get money and how I afford the raw meat and everything. The thing is that I, I had a girlfriend who I split up with now whose parents were millionaires and they gave me 500 euros at least every month, usually more.


So I never had to think about money and I would never make a video like this. And actually I can't stand videos like this when people make them, but I'm in a situation where I gotta do it. I pretty much can't afford this diet anymore because I don't get money anymore. I met someone else and I chose her over everything else. That's how he is announcing that he is now dating Diane. Okay? By asking for donations. This is like the most out of left field request, but he's saying his ex-girlfriend's parents used to send him money for I guess dating their daughter, but now that he left her for Diane, he needs money for this expensive raw meat diet because he can't just eat Ralph's ground beef. He's got to eat regenerative grass-fed ground beef because he's eating it raw.


One person who claimed they met with his ex-girlfriend at a meetup once said, I'm telling you, this guy is a walking red flag. It's not even just with Diane. Just his relationship with his last girlfriend where he was getting money from her parents was weird. The ENT says, back a few years ago, gatta stayed with my ex and I while he was traveling through the United States at the time he was with his previous girlfriend. So the one before Diane, who was at least in her forties, late forties, possibly even fifties and mentally ill to some degree, she called me a sex worker for no reason and even kicked me at one point. The entire encounter was just uncomfortable. She spoke poor English and spoke a lot of German and at one point she was telling my dad about when they knocked down the Berlin Wall, the entire dynamic between the two was so weird.


She would call him Mr. Gaddis, even though they're in a relationship, she would ask his permission for things. He was always distant and cold to her, and at one point, my ex and his friend, as well as Gaddis went into the Whole Foods and I was staying in the car with the girlfriend. She proceeded to explain to me that she had a black eye because Mr. Gaddis got angry, hit her and made her buy expensive makeup to cover it up. She also explained how her family had given them $6,000 to fund their travel to the United States, and both of them explained here and there during their trip that her parents were very wealthy and that he had agreed to marry her because her parents were gonna buy them a house in the Canary Islands in exchange for him taking care of their daughter.


She also spoke about how Gaddis would regularly video chat with other women while they were together and I don't know, just all of it was just awful. Another zen who met them agrees. She acted like a 12-year-old around us and had a hard time concentrating on practically anything. She would just wander off into her own world. It was an ideal choice for Gaddis to abuse. Additionally, someone else who claims that they met up with the ex, they say, I was alone in Gatti's apartment with his girlfriend briefly. That's when I was horrified. She tried to tell me in her best English, mixed with some German, that she knew that Gaddis was having intimate relations with other girls and that he had threatened her and hit her and threatened her that he would leave her and hurt her if she told anybody.


She said he told her that he owns her and that she must call him Mr. Gaddis. She showed me bruises all over her chest and on her shoulders, but she didn't wanna tell her parents because she didn't wanna lose Mr. Gaddis. In her mind, he was her doctor and and her caretaker. He also put her on the raw meat and ke ketogenic diet by force to make her lose weight and stay healthy. It is likely that Diane didn't see that side of Gaddis until the forest kicking incident and like most toxic relationships, I wouldn't be surprised If he convinced her that it was just a one-time thing, because soon afterwards she gets pregnant with their son and they're making their rounds. She's pregnant And he decides I gotta get more clicks.


I gotta get more views on YouTube. So what am I gonna do? I am going to travel through Europe, go through all the vegan festivals, go to all the vegan food markets on a tour, if you will, eating raw pig heads and squirrels in front of all the vegans. It's actually when he's in London eating that squirrel in front of the Soho vegan market, he gets arrested, taken into this psychiatric facility because the police thought, I mean, there's no way that you can be right in the head and normal in the head upstairs if you're doing this. And once he gets released, this makes a ton of international news. Have you heard of the guy that was eating the raw squirrel? Wait, he was taken in. Yeah, he was arrested and taken into a psychiatric facility for a few days.


Wow. Because the police were like, this is not normal behavior. You don't do this. If everything's working up here, he gets released. It's all over the news internationally, And he grew up in Latvia. That's where Gaddis is from and everyone in Latvia is like, you know that guy that was in London eating the squirrel? Isn't he the same guy that stabbed his classmates about 15 years ago when Gaddis was 16 years old? He's a high school student in Lavia, allegedly. The story is he brought a knife to school and stabbed for of his classmates. The report reads attacked classmates with a knife. A 10th grade student at Vince Bills first high school mentally lost his control and slashed out with a knife at four of his classmates.


The head mistress states he was late for school And he just came in with two knives and stabbed and injured, two boys and a girl inside the classroom, and then a third boy was attacked as he ran for safety. All four victims were taken to the hospital. They were discharged the same day with light injuries. It was just a very weird incident. Gaddis allegedly goes home after this stabbing And he is arrested inside of his house in front of his computer, just browsing on the internet with two large knives sitting next to him on the desk. The criminal police chief said that the attack was probably induced because of past humiliation and bullying that Gaddis likely received. Other sources state that the attacker was obsessed with a movie.


Now, when people are asked which movie, some that is in state, it was one about Columbine, the shooting in the United States. Now this is all technically alleged, just like everything else in this video. Nobody has confirmed it. Nobody has been charged of anything unless someone has the same exact name as Gaddis. Grew up in the same town, in the same country and was the same age at the exact same time and went to the same high school, which sure could be a possibility or this could be gaddis. This is when people start digging up even more Controversial videos about Gaddis, if you can believe it. So prior to this, nobody knew about the high school stopping and they're like, wait, there's gotta be more stuff. Yes, we know that he's like an Andrew Tate hater, but also thinks exactly like Andrew Tate.


He also believes that incest is okay, but there's gotta be more and there is more. There's a video of him in the woods and he's explaining the definition of rape. What is any sexual contact without consent? But the question is, is there such a thing as consent in nature when it comes to mammals? If a male is horny, then he will simply hump the female, so to speak. It's very clear that a male human being is much stronger than a female human being, even more so in nature because your testosterone and bone density is even higher, which means that the difference between a male and a female is even bigger in nature. You're a strong male animal, which is you know, naturally what you are, and now you're becoming horny biochemistry, you know?


Right. The hormones kick in, the blood goes to your private parts, it becomes solid. You know, think of that kind of male in nature. Would he now then when he is horny, go and pick some flowers for a female to try and fuck her? No, he would. Would he ask her out on a date? Impossible? Would he ask for any consent? It is fucking impossible. I can't think of any scenario where consent can be in any way involved when it comes to a male being horny. It just doesn't work. It's impossible. They never ask for it because in nature, as we have today, we simply act by our instincts. Wait, I thought that there's a lot of animal does this little dance, little feather puffing, like Yeah.


So what is he talking about? I don't know. I thought there's a lot of these like even Nature and then the pebbles for the penguins. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It doesn't even make any sense. Yeah. And it's just very ironic that he continues to preach about how things are in nature and then you know, just go be a forest dweller, then start posting these videos on social media. It's not natural. You can't pick and choose which parts of nature you like and subscribe to. It's very weird. He also continues, a male instinct is not to do foreplay to get the female in the mood. A male doesn't give a fuck about the mood. A male is simply attracted by the looks. He just wants to fuck. That's what I'm saying. We don't need consent naturally. Naturally. We are only attracted by the looks if we find them attractive, whether they consent or not is not going to make a difference.


I remember when I was 16, I tried to touch a girl's genitals, breasts, her face and her whole body while she was asleep, she was drunk And he just, that's crazy. Just like that's crazy. And admits to molesting a 16-year-old girl in her sleep and all these things that he's saying, by the way, are over the course of several years. So it's not just one big video of him saying the world's most Controversial, disconnected from reality, lacking activity in his prefrontal cortex to formulate a sensible thought. It's not that. It's over the span of years that he has been developing, building upon the most generic unspecial. Go on one Reddit form of people who hate women and you'll find these comments in another live stream.


The chat asks him to tell them something funny And he is smiling to himself, chewing on what I can only assume to be a very tough piece of raw meat. He says, this happened two days ago, no joke. I was walking in the park in the forest and someone was walking and I see something like dripping and I get closer and I see this girl and she has no underwear on and her private parts are, he's very graphic with the way he describes it. It's very crass. I don't really just dripping on the ground. So I say like, Hey Miss, do you need help with this? And she says, well, it's kind of dripping. So like, you know, kind of saying blah blah, blah. He's so graphic so I'm not gonna repeat it. But he continues. So I fuck her, kill her and bury her in the forest.


This is he. They asked for something funny. Oh, he thinks this is so funny. Now, some people say that if you correlate that with the news, they're not saying that he's the one that did this, but there was a girl that did get R worded in the forest in that country and was left in the forest a few days prior. So it doesn't seem like that's him. I don't think that's him admitting to it, but it just imagine how much sick, how much more sick that joke is to make it even more unsettling. I couldn't find this exact clip, but a lot of his former viewers said that there's a clip of him where he talks about traveling to different countries and riding bikes.


Sometimes the bikes are old. He, he will say sometimes he rides a 12-year-old bike. Sometimes you can go to a different country and you can rent a bike that's two years old and it's a much newer bike. And he says that he likes his bikes brand new and then in certain countries new bikes are generally very cheap to purchase and ride. He's not talking about bikes, But he's saying bikes. Yeah. Hmm. A little while after his arrest at the vegan festival for eating that squirrel, Diane gives birth to their son and a new YouTube channel pops up. The channel name is Flat Chest Luna, which is Diane's internet persona name. So it's like flat chest Diane.


The channel consists of these 10 to 42nd clips of Diane and they look like private videos that you would find on someone's phone, but there's no like storyline. It's not, oh, this is Diane's birthday. I am taking a video of her. It's not Diane blowing out her birthday candles. There's, it's just random. But the videos are titled something along the lines of showing off my preteen body. My alcoholic mother insert full name of Diane's mother. Another one reads adjusting my thin hair because I'm insecure. Another, my bad skin and dark eye circles are driving me nuts. Another stop calling me a psycho. People start commenting to let Gaddis know about the channel. Like someone is doing this to your girlfriend, the mother of your child. But he explains, no, no, no, no.


Let the channel be, because Diane is his ex-girlfriend now and she's a demon psycho. That's what he calls her. He even posts an hour long live stream titled Diane is the worst person I've ever met. In the video, he accuses Diane of leaving him, abandoning him the relationship and of Usay their infant son, to which he provides no proof, just take his word for it. He states that she has taken their son and left him after abusing them, both of them for years. Which side note Nets already didn't like what he said about the son being essayed because if that were the case, why didn't Gaddis do something about it before? He also says straight up in the livestream, Diane has been sexually abusing the baby for while, since birth.


Basically, I didn't talk about this because there was just no reason for me to stop it. What Exactly. He also states that she's incredibly horrendous and that he has never met someone as psychotic and abusive in his entire life. His main proof of her unhinged personality is that her diet is chips and chocolate. He says the title of this video is that she is the worst human I've ever met in my life because it's really true. I don dunno. Yes. So what are those videos you're saying like these 10, 15, second long video. Is that from Diane or It's of him taking videos of Diane when they were together. There is one where they're in the forest And he's like, okay, show me and asks her to lift up her skirt, which she does, but she's wearing underpants and then in another video she's just kind of messing with her hair and I guess he crops it to just show her messing with her hair and then it's titled I'm Balding and Insecure and stuff like that.


So is he pretending to be Diane when uploading these videos? Kind of with those titles, But he's, I mean everyone knows it's not Diane's channel. Yeah. Because the way these are titles are so Evil. Yeah. It's like a specific channel dedicated to hating Diane. Mm. And everybody can tell it's from him. Yeah. 'cause no one else would have those videos. Right. So it's just, But he's not admitting it in public. He's just like, oh, let her be, let her do this. But we all know, come on dude, you're doing this. Yes, Precisely. Wow. He says that Diane is so incredibly abusive and psychotic And he says, just so you understand, if you guys in any way support her, I mean if she ends up making a video against me or like if you guys keep supporting her, I'll probably delete both of my channels anyway because I cannot be bothered to continue with YouTube if you guys support her.


The whole war between me and Diane is not gonna end well for her. If you support her, just know that you are going completely against my channel and my diet and everything. He starts encouraging all of his viewers to call CPS to report Diane even giving them her full legal name. All because Diane managed to flee. She shares her side of the story that no Gaddis has been abusive. I mean, she was scared for her life, the life of their son. She says he was even jealous of his own son while we were together. He would say things like, well, you would never treat him like that. You would never do that to him. You would never be like that with him. He would hardly give their own son attention because of that, and this just is not the life that she wants. She explains to her Patreon followers.


Yeah, I've done a lot of wrong too for sure, but only because things were really not going well between us. I did also really try, I can genuinely say that I did my best just over and over again. It'll never be good enough and I can't be blackmailed anymore if I do delete this Patreon. You guys know why? I don't know if I should or should not. I don't know if it's worth it being threatened and living in fear because of this, but just so you guys know what's going on, Diane's somewhat more civilized response is sending Gaddis into like a tailspin. He starts ranting in his videos. People like write to me still, you know, oh, why don't you give her money? Why don't you give her money to support the child? Like you don't fucking understand the context whatsoever and how like fucking unnatural, how fucking brainwashed by feminism and the government are you in nature?


A woman disrespects a guy, break up, done, bye-bye gets another woman. Moves on. That's fucking normal fucking brainwashed. Nowadays they tell you that you should like, oh man, you owe somebody to a woman. We don't owe a woman shit. Anyway. What if it was the other way around? If I did something to her and I was taking care of the child, would you fucking guys fucking pussies go to her and tell her to give me money in another video? He says, the woman I had a child with, she had two small breasts so I had to leave her. It was always terrible. It was like having intimate relations with a 10-year-old. Yeah. What? Which, I mean how would you even know that a lot of gaddis anger is towards the fact that Diane started a Patreon after leaving him.


I mean more than leaving him, taking their son. He hates the fact that she has a Patreon. He feels like he created her entire online Patreon. I don't know. It gets to the point where Diane tries to rename her Patreon so Gaddis won't know that she still has one And he screams in a video. I found out that Diane didn't actually delete her Patreon but only renamed it. So then I was thinking, she's not gonna let it go because I thought that I really gotta go to the Netherlands. Then he's saying he's gonna go from wherever he is in Europe at the time to the Netherlands to, we don't know. Right? But he says he won't have to because eventually the Patreon was deleted. He then goes on to tell his viewers that this video he's talking about all of this is a warning to the viewers that from now on, if you mention Demons Psycho, which is what he calls Diane or his son in any of his live streams, quote, you are getting blocked right away.


So this is a warning video, which even goddess's own subscribers are starting to get confused because wait, why are you still talking about Diane again? This is not just one video, it's multiple video, video after video. Why are you so upset? You're in the United States now and you're engaged to a woman named Jasmine. Huh? So he is already moved on with an American woman. He's In the US now. Yes, he's in the us. So why are you still so obsessed and it just seems like everyone, including the subscribers are getting sick of Gaddis. There's so many people sick of Gaddis. People are coming out of the woodworks after Diane leaves Gaddis to shit talk him because they're so confused.


The subscriber that sent him the blood that he drank, he said, I even sent him my fucking blood and he's so heartless he doesn't care about anyone. They had a falling out because the subscriber doesn't hate saunas, Doesn't hate sauna. What does That mean? Yeah, like he doesn't hate saunas, but Gaddis hates saunas And he sends him a really aggressive voice note that's like, I don't know, this is how he's says it. I don't know if it's your autism or is it just stupid? The subscriber said that. No, Gaddis says that to the subscriber because the subscriber is like, if people like saunas, I don't know why you're being so mean about saunas. It's just a sauna. Yeah. And Gaddis is like, I don't know if you're just stupid or if it's, Wow, Other people who have hung out with him for extended periods of time come out of the woodworks and they say, that guy, the raw meat carnivore guy, we call him Mr.


Burger King. 'cause all he did was eat Burger King. He doesn't even follow his diet behind the scenes. These, he eats chips, he eats Burger King. One subscriber who hosted him in San Francisco said for one thing, I mean he's a mooch, okay? Like he, he will try to get anything for free, free food, free place to say. And the thing that sucks is he doesn't do anything to get, he won't give you friendship. He won't give you gratitude in return. Not even a thank you. He also eats potato chips all the time. He just seems like a really fake person. He doesn't even practice what he preaches. She's a subscriber that hosted him. He will travel the world and stay with subscribers. When he was trying to do a meetup in Phoenix, Arizona, nobody wanted to host him And he made a whole rant video saying every single fucking person in Phoenix, Arizona is an idiot.


They're brainwashed slaves. And he said, I will never do a meetup in Phoenix, Arizona. You guys are ungrateful and I hate all of you. What a clown inside. Yeah, like what? He's like sounding dumber and dumber. Yeah. And one could easily put two and two together because I mean a lot of other subscribers that met up with him said it was weird because he wouldn't eat the whole day. He wouldn't eat anything at subscriber meetups. He would maybe have like one singular piece of raw meat, but that was it. Oh, he's not eating the raw meat. He's not eating and he's not a believer of fasting. He thinks fasting is unnatural. Okay, so he's very firmly against intermittent fasting, but he wouldn't eat the whole day.


So I don't know, put two and two together. Another guy that met up with him was like, you know that guy's super anti water, like he's anti water. He thinks you get water from the blood, but we are playing Frisbee and this guy was out here just chugging an entire carton of water. So I don't really know. He also really loves to beg, e beg for donations online and there's like always a reason he needs help. His raw meat diet is expensive, his camera broke, he needs to sue somebody for this and that and 400,000 other things. And in one video he's actually quite audacious whilst asking for these donations, he says, the one way you could really help me is by helping me through donations and I'm not really looking for gathering small donations. If you don't have money or whatever, it's okay.


It's all cool, don't worry about it. I'm more so looking for somebody who has some kind of money, maybe, maybe someone wealthier who can donate something a bit more in like the hundred, even hundreds. I'm not really looking to like collect small donations. Even an Airbnb host wrote a review on Gaddis, said Gaddis is the worst guest I have ever had. He destroyed my entire apartment and threw eggs on my walls and windows, eggs. I had to repaint all the walls. Another Airbnb host says, I found maggots in the trash can. I was horrified. What? Oh, Probably wrong me. Probably found wrong me. Okay Then one day a woman with a shaved head walks into the Canadian embassy in the Netherlands asking for help.


She explains that her life is in danger. She has been tortured, beaten and harmed by her husband. He has control over her passport. She can't flee back to Canada. She's scared her finances are under control of her husband. Everything she needs to get back to Canada where she can be safe. She said, my husband almost choked me out inserted glue into my private part to make sure that I'm quote infertile. May ask, who is your husband? This woman is GA's wife Catherine Richards. She is not Diane, she is not Jasmine, the woman from America. She's Catherine. Richards GA's Canadian wife. Well part of timeline are are we at now Before Diana's even attacked?


Oh, so Diane leaves, he goes to America, is briefly engaged to a woman named Jasmine and then all of a sudden he ends up in Europe and his wife walks into the embassy and is like, I'm his wife and I need to flee. This all happens in like a, a few years, a year, Like a year and a half. Okay. She writes a letter to the Dutch police. She says to Middleburg Courthouse, my name is Catherine Richards and this letter is to basically explain my involvement in the conspiracy to murder Diane, the ex-girlfriend of Gaddis. Yeah. So she's explaining we're in the Netherlands 'cause we're trying to kill his ex-girlfriend, but I need to leave.


I need to go back home to Canada because I don't wanna do this anymore. Okay, so Now the police are trying to put, okay, subscribers, police alike are very confused. It has been alleged. After Diane leaves, he goes to the United States and gets engaged to Jasmine. Most medicines believe he was engaged to Jasmine in the attempt to get a green card. Now he's engaged And he cheats on her and marries Catherine, a subscriber of his who is Canadian. So with Jasmine, he never introduced Jasmine to the channel. In fact, he uploaded a video where Jasmine is seen in the corner briefly. He takes down the video and re-up uploads it to take Jasmine out. But with Catherine, he does introduce her to the viewers as his new Canadian wife and people are so confused like Diane left you not too long ago.


You were just engaged to an American woman and now you have a Canadian wife. So much is happening. And then he posts a video saying that he moved to Canada with her in the video he says, you know, I'm in Canada now everything in Europe reminds me of my so-called past with Diane. Everything is just the same in Europe, which is why we decided to move to Canada after all, which is where we arrived yesterday. What do you think about it? He turns to Catherine and she says, well I'm super happy to be in Canada because it's my home. Now here's the crazy thing. Medicines were able to analyze that video. They are not in Canada. The title is like, we moved to Canada and they're talking about we got to Canada yesterday. How do you feel about being in Canada?


Babe, how about you? They are in an Airbnb in the Netherlands, very close to Diane's home. Like a alibi he's trying to create. Yes, but he left like a digital video. That's clearly a lie. Yeah. People were able to track down the exact Airbnb that he was staying in Just based on like the Decors and stuff. Yes. Also, you know European decor. Yeah. And Canadian decor is vastly different. Conveniently they're in the Netherlands around the time that Diane gets attacked with acid, so she gets attacked with acid middle of 2022. How long after they Diane left? A year and a half. Okay, so all of this takes place in like a year and a half.


She gets attacked with acid. She's hospitalized, so she gets beaten with that metal pipe, hospitalized. She has a severe spinal injury, fractures to her skull. She has a concussion. Thankfully she was able to rinse as much acid off from her eyes, nose and mouth. That's the reason she can still see her arm was almost amputated. Her nipple was almost falling off. She still might need a cartilage transplant to be able to breathe out of her nose again. And the strangest part is Diane knows Gaddis has something to do with her attack. She firmly believes that, right? Because who else would be involved? Yeah, but the attacker, there were two people that were attacking. One was a man that she did not recognize and the other was like this younger woman, 15 or 16 years old.


It seems like a father and daughter duo. So who the hell are they? How are they connected to Gaddis? The only person that might be able to help Diane is Catherine the new wife. Because she went to the police, she went to the embassy and said, listen, my husband was beating me And he is trying to kill his ex-girlfriend and that's why we're in the Netherlands. So if Diane has can tries to prove that it's Gaddes involved in this acid attack, maybe Catherine is the only way to do that.


But does she know that Catherine has gone to the police or no? Yes, I believe so. Okay. Now Catherine alleges in a letter to the police. I married Gaddis in 2021, so a year before the attack, maybe like six months before the attack. That's the same year that he starts conspiring to kill his ex-girlfriend. Diane, this letter is also to explain the physical violence I experienced and also shed light on what kind of situation his current partner is sadly experiencing in the moment. She details in the letter the nitty gritty of how you know they conspired to kill someone. She writes and alleges that she gaddis and another influencer, a friend of theirs, Florian Str, who goes by German carnivore online.


How the three of them were in Holland together, they're driving around in Florian's white van and Gaddis was dog, just a dog fixated on this one tree, which is to hire a PI to find Diane's home address. Catherine says, all he could talk about was kidnapping Diane, this tricking her, doing this kidnapping, killing, doing this, that, this, that. And the third. Florian was gonna dress up as a delivery man, get Diane to open the door, kidnap her, bada being badda. Boom. So easy they get the PI to track down Diane's mother's number. They get her phone number, but now they need to know Diane's home. That's when they approach a man on the beach, just a stranger. It's like, Hey, in Dutch, can you explain to this woman that we're delivery drivers and we need to find her daughter's address because her daughter ordered food and we don't know how to deliver the food right now.


Boom, they get our home address. Simple as that. The pounds and pounds of raw meat that they must have consumed have fundamentally changed their brain chemistry because they have no prefrontal cortex. They now believe the next best thing to do is to upload a video pretending to be in Canada. When they're still in the Netherlands and they're like, okay, now is the time to attack, because now we have an alibi. But Diane's noticing all these weird things. She has CTV cameras in her backyard. She has, she sees people randomly peeking through her backyard, like hooded fears peeking over her fence and she's calling the police and she's like, I think this is my ex-boyfriend, because he's very violent, he's abusive, and he's been threatening to do stuff like this.


And like all countries, the sentiment was the same. Well, we can't really actually do anything until they, you know, actually hurt you. And then we probably still can't do anything unless you're like the CEO of UnitedHealthcare or something. They just start rapidly, you know, rapid fire trying everything. That's what Catherine is alleging, trying everything. They put a tracker into a teddy bear, tried to give it to Diane. I knocked on Diane's door. There was no answer. She wouldn't take the teddy bear. Nothing was happening. Nothing was working. And before the acid attack, Catherine alleges that she was able to flee and leave. She says, I hope my testimony can bring a bit of clarity in this situation. Gaddis wants to kill others. He wants to torture and kill people and babies and whatever he can get his hands on, if the police don't stop him now he will go on for probably a mass murder incident or something like that.


It would be very foolish not to arrest this man. It's written all over the walls that he's about to do something. Gaddis has had something against Diane for a very long time and did fantasize and talk about putting fires in her home, throwing acid on her when we were together, which have both happened after I left him. Gaddis likes to scare others to do his dirty work for him. My main concern at the moment is the safety of his current partner and their new child. So there's another one. Yeah. How many E exactly. This alleged letter to the Dutch police was released, but Catherine does make a video as well, which goes over a lot of the same stuff, and she just talks about how Gaddis was fixated on wanting to throw acid in Diane's face and wanting to light her house on fire.


To give you the timeline, Catherine and Gaddis get together in 2021. The asset attack happens mid 2022. Then January, 2023, about half a year after the asset attack, a Molotov cocktail is thrown into Diane's son's bedroom, GA's son's bedroom. It thankfully does not ignite, but this is clearly not an accident like nobody is walking by. Oh, sorry, police officer. I was just walking down the street when my everyday Molotov cocktail that I keep with me at all times slipped outta my hand and into their property. Clearly this is a premeditated targeted attack. Wait, so after the asset attack, Six months later, nobody Did anything to catch. Nobody was arrested.


Wow. Even though Diane has CCTV footage of not the attack, but you can hear her screaming when she's attacked. Yeah, yeah, yeah. His arm. Her arm was almost amputated. Yes, like all of that, nothing is done, nothing Was done, done. Nothing is done. And then the two people know they didn't get caught. We don't know who they are yet, But we will soon. Okay? So it's a very premeditated targeted attack, and yet nobody was hurt, thankfully. But that's because of incompetence and not lack of malice. Right? The police do nothing about it. Hours later, around 1:00 AM another Molotov cocktail is thrown into the window, and this time the glass from the window goes shattering and the Molotov cocktail explodes.


The entire living room is set on fire. There's debris, glass shards flying everywhere. Neighbors are running out of their house terrified. What the hell is going on? There's a young mom and a son that live in there. They call the police, the fire department. They all show up. Diane and her son are nowhere to be seen or found. Thankfully, they were so freaked out that they did not stick around to see if whoever did this would come back. They weren't home, but had they been home, they could have died. This is two years after her breakup with Gaddis. Now Diane, Catherine and most ESNs who have been following this whole saga, believe the attackers to be linked to Gaddis, but he firmly denies this. He says, I have moved on. I'm dating another carnivore influencer now named Primal Bell.


We have a daughter together, a newborn baby. I mean, it's not me. It's not us. We're not connected in any way. Around that time. Two arrests were made in 2024. One man and one girl, not Gaddis, not Primal Bell, his new girlfriend. It's weirder. The two people arrested in connection are suspected to be Primal Bell's ex-husband and Primal Bell's 15-year-old daughter. That is crazy. It said the 15-year-old daughter even handed her own father the acid to throw onto Diane. What? Wait, so Primal Bell is Gaddis new girlfriend.


Yes. So the this new girlfriend ask of her ex-boyfriend and husband, ex-husband ended, daughter. Daughter to do this. Yes. For the new boyfriend, Allegedly, it seems like there was a payment made allegedly, Huh? Okay. In Bitcoin allegedly. Really? Now the daughter is later acquitted with the defense being that she's clearly severely neglected by her parents and that you know what kind of mom runs off with a raw liver, raw organ, eating carnivore on the internet, abandoning their daughter, and then allegedly enlisting the help of the daughter to hurt her new boyfriend's ex-girlfriend. That's kind of the argument the experts give.


They say, I don't even think two 15 year olds would plot something like this, let alone a mother allegedly. So with that argument, she is acquitted. Then you have the alleged ex-husband of Primal Bell. He has been in prison in the Netherlands since the Molotov cocktail incident January, 2023. According to some sources, he has stated to the court that he was forced and threatened to do this, And he blames it on a Lavia and YouTuber. He doesn't, another one name which one, but he just names Lavia and YouTuber, which Gaddes is Latvian stating that the YouTuber was also threatening him. But he's also quite vague on what kind of threats and how he is being threatened.


But he does allegedly state that his connection to this random lobby on YouTuber is that his ex-wife is now dating him, which sure it could be other people, but it does kind of feel and sound like Gads and Prim Bell, does it not. He has pled guilty and received 12 years in prison because of this connection. A lot of people are speculating that Primal Bell was the getaway driver for the alleged husband and the daughter during the attacks. And that Gaddis was probably hiding somewhere because he likes people to do his dirty work. Catherine the ex-wife, so she's after Diane before Primal Bell. She's the one that left right before the acid attacks. She explains that she believes Belle, the new girlfriend is being controlled by Gaddis.


She says, well, not controlled, but he is most probably threatening her if she leaves like he did with me. Side note, Gaddis on a telegram channel Doxed Catherine, her nude photos, her parents' home address encouraged his followers to have a bloody good time paying them a lovely visit, which you can read in between the lines, right? And she says, well, that she can't leave him. I did talk on the phone with Belle one time. She did tell me that she wanted to leave on the phone, but then afterwards we didn't really talk about it that much. I tried to tell her everything about him. I tried to talk to her on Instagram with her, but her answers are super weird. She shows a screenshot.


Catherine had texted Bell, if you escape from Gaddis, it'll crush him. Make a plan and leave him. I'll make an interview with Jake as soon as you want me to. We all want you to leave this abuser. He doesn't respect you, threatening you that he will eliminate your family as crazy behavior to which Bell allegedly responds. You know, Catherine, I love him and I would never leave him because he is treating me super well. It just sounds like Gaddis is the one responding. That's what Catherine says. But again, Gaddis and Primal Bell are allegedly wanted. Some translated sources say that they are connected and as suspects, but they're on the run. Are they still posting Videos? They're posting videos.


They're being very discreet about where they are. They're still actively right now. Yes, there's a YouTube channel, yes. That's crazy. They deny any involvement in any incidents. They won't even state what incidents they're referring to, but I just highly doubt it. Even in a video, Gaddis gives his viewpoints on forgiveness And he says, forgiveness is fucking religious bullshit. In reality, nobody has ever forgiven anybody, and that's because it's not even humanly possible to forgive. I get that many of you are all in denial and believe that you did forgive people in your life, but that's because you're fucking weak and it's easier to lie to yourself. Does this mean that you will always be miserable dreaming about revenge if you didn't get it? Yeah, for most people it is.


Okay. The saying, an eye for an eye has been around for ages because it is in our nature. Forget all the shit you learn from your parents, school and media. You wanna hurt somebody the same way they hurt you because it gives you pleasure. The truth is, the only way to get over what someone did is to get revenge. That's it. There's literally no other way. It's unclear who else would have it out For Diane and her son to do something like this, Diane is still healing from her injuries from the acid attack. She may need a few more surgeries. She, like I said, almost lost her eyesight, her arm, and other parts. It was severe. The local hospital in her small town did not know how to handle acid attack burns. So it just made this already very difficult healing process, more painful.


Add to that, she said she was petrified because her face was hit with acid. And not that she's vain, but the whole time in the hospital she's thinking, my son is so young, he's gonna be freaked out when he sees me because mommy doesn't look like mommy anymore. Mommy looks scary for kids, right? And she said the only thing that kept her going was when she did finally see her son. Instead of being terrified or scared or confused, he just ran to her and gave her a hug. But she is still terrified for her life. Jasmine, the American girlfriend of Gaddis, one of Gaddis exes says, if he's back in Europe at some point Diane will die. It's just a matter of one. That's how much he allegedly hates Diane.


Some medicines have no clue that there's all this dark grim history around Gaddes. They just think he's a weird health freak online, other nets, they know everything that's been going on and they just comment. It's funny how much of a hypocrite this guy is, says you can be ultra naturalistic, but is an internet beggar leaching on government support and blames his fans for not sending him enough Bitcoin, eats raw meat, then act surprised when it makes him sick And he has to go to the hospital and you can see his clear disgust at vegan produce, calling it crazy, and then he proceeds to lift up a severed head of a goat by the horns and chew on its flesh. Other ENTs talk about his followers. This guy's followers are like a cult. They really think he's a genius with all the answers.


I literally saw a dude get genuinely ill from eating ram meat, And he asked about it in Gatti's comment section. Gaddis said something along the lines of, oh, he is just part of the process. And the dude was so brainwashed, he was like, thank you for the wisdom Gaddis. So that is the situation with the YouTuber, Godes Gaddis, sever. I didn't even know this was all happening. And it's crazy because it's not that, I mean, it's a very niche community that talks about it, but a lot of people know him by his health videos and don't know all this behind the scenes that has happened. Wow. What are your thoughts? Do you think he is associated with the attacks?


What do you think of his raw meat eating and his Controversial takes? Let me know in the comments. Stay safe and I'll see you in the next one.