
Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday, which means it's Murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. Okay. Hi, If you are new here. Hi again. My name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I sit down, I talk about true crime story that's been heavy on my noggin and I do my makeup at the same time, you know, to keep my hands busy. If you're interested in true crime and you like makeup, I would say subscribe. So today's story is definitely one that's been heavy on my noggin because I mean, geez, this story is so weird. So weird. Oh my God has kept me up so many nights because it's like you're trying to p piece it all together to make it make sense and none of it makes sense.


So if you're ever curious to know what I'm using, I'll list it in the description box down below. But other than that, I will shut up and tell you about today's story. So takes place December 2nd, 2010 in the heart of Melbourne, Australia. So the story takes place at the Lencia Apartments. You know, they stand tall, they're a luxury high rise that promises like safety and sophistication, but something, something unthinkable happens. PHOEBE Uck, a 24-year-old woman is found dead at the bottom of a garbage chute. Yes, you heard that right?


A garbage chute. Now it appeared she had fallen through the garbage disposal chute from the 12th floor where PHOEBE had shared an apartment with her boyfriend. I know. Already weird though. The police had ruled her death as a suicide and the CORONER had determined her death was a freak accident. Many, many, many, many did not accept this as her cause of death. No. So let's not get ahead of ourselves. Let's rewind and get to know PHOEBE a little bit. PHOEBE sounded like a wonderful person. She was born May 9th, 1986 in Melbourne, Australia to her mother Natalie and her father Len.


Len was a psychiatrist and he had for a long time, he had been a psychiatrist for like 40 years. Now she had two younger brothers named Nikolai and Tom. Yes. And the family lived in Richmond, which was like a suburb of Melbourne. Now growing up it was said that PHOEBE was zoned to be a free spirit, a wild child. She had a really active imagination. She loved being active herself, like going outside in nature or going to the ocean. She was also an avid climber and a marshal artist. I know she's doing a lot on top of all of this. She was artistically gifted and very creative in school.


She was very popular. She loved socializing, she liked being around her peers and people just overall really seemed to like her. She played on like a basketball team with some of her friends and she was very competitive. She was really good too. She would like zip from one side of the court to the other and like she was unstoppable on the court. It was also said that PHOEBE was quite cheeky and playful and she had like a really funny sense of humor. But on the other hand, she could be extremely sensitive, compassionate and also quick tempered. PHOEBE was known to like feel things pretty deeply. I was trying to think like, what do you call that? I think an empath, right?


I think she would like feel deeply. Okay. And I think a lot of the times when you are a person like that who just feels a lot, it can lead to depression, you know? So PHOEBE, she really struggled with that too. It just seemed like PHOEBE had a lot of emotions as we all do. But you know, she felt a lot, well when PHOEBE became a teenager, things got a little funky as they do with like, you know, a lot of teenagers, they go through that phase. She started experimenting with drugs and alcohol at 15 and you know, to her parents it, it was very troubling. She was acting out. It wasn't good. At one point I guess she had like run away from home and she went to go live with this guy, unsure how they met and stuff.


So it doesn't matter. But she went to go live with this guy. He was like an ex-convict and he was living with his kid and she went to go live with him for like eight weeks teenagers. Again, not sure how she met this guy, but like that happened. And just eventually PHOEBE had, she came home and then she got onto some antidepressants in hopes just to get her back on track and whatnot. And she did. She like, she seemed to get back on track. But then not long after she met another guy, this guy was like twice her age and worked as a teacher and I guess they started dating for a while, but still regardless.


I mean she was very protective of her family. She loved her brothers and she had a very special and close relationship with her grandmother. And I guess like she would confide in her grandmother pretty often. Well, despite like these rocky years, PHOEBE, you know, she still had like bigger plans for her future goals in life. Like one of her goals was to travel and go to India and like do aid work. So life carried on, you know. And PHOEBE, when she was 23 years old, she got a job working as a receptionist at Linley Godfrey Hair Salon in South Yara. While she was there, she was working there, you know, and like that's where she met.


39-year-old Anthony Hampel. Everyone called him ANT for Short. So I'm gonna call him ANT. He worked as like an events promoter and he worked with like a lot of celebrity clientele. People who had money, you know what I'm saying? He could like, well he would come into the hair salon and get his hair done and that's how we met PHOEBE. Many people said or thought that ANT was quite handsome and he had come from like a really good family. His dad was a Supreme Court judge. Oh yes. His name was George Hampel and his stepmom was a county court judge. Not good but we'll get into it.


Anyways, she was named Felicity Hampel. Well PHOEBE and aunt, they, you know, they meet each other, they hit it off and they decide to start dating and the two of them end up dating for like five months and then they decide to move together. PHOEBE moves into his place, his apartment, it's on St. Gilda Road and they move in together in October of 2009. So again, this was in that like luxury apartment. It was on the 12th floor luxury apartment building called Valencia. It's a nice apartment building. Big windows, beautiful views, lots of fancy amenities. It was Ma Nay. So just like this, like on the surface seemed like this glamorous, cute couple.


It's like beauty and business just living this fancy life. But you and I both know that it's never like that is it, huh? Appearances are always deceiving. So it was said that especially during this time, but PHOEBE had an on again off again relationship with alcohol and at this time she was drinking a lot. I guess Aunt and PHOEBE had a pretty rocky relationship. They would break up, they would get back together, break up, repeat, you know, she started seeing a psychiatrist or she was seeing a psychiatrist. But PHOEBE would tell her psychiatrist lots of things about her relationship with aunt, like that he was verbally abusive, that he was aggressive and mainly that she was upset in the relationship.


It was said that her psychiatrist, her psychiatrist later like kind of testified or whatever. But she said that like she was working with PHOEBE to like get out of this relationship or help her see that she needed to get out of this relationship. Like it wasn't good for her. But PHOEBE would always end up kind of going back. PHOEBE had left ANT like four different times in the six weeks before her death. And Phoebe's boss at the hair salon said that ANT always managed to lure PHOEBE back in one of those, you know? Mm. Unfortunately Phoebe's fourth return to aunt would be her last.


Everyone at the office is talking about this new True Crime documentary and everyone's like, Bailey, you gotta watch it, it's so good. And I'm like kind of rolling my eyes 'cause I'm like, yeah girl, like you're a little late to that party. I already knew about that, you know? But I love that for them. But because I wanna play along, it's like, okay, yeah, I'll watch this like True Crime documentary and what's it on, what's it streaming honor? And it's like something that I don't have now I gotta sign up for this so I can watch it, you know, free trial, binge that documentary really quick and then hopefully I remember to cancel. But a lot of the times I forget to cancel. And then next thing you know, you're paying, you're paying months and months worth of fees for something that you don't even use. But never again because I've got Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills So you can grow your savings with Rocket Money. You can see all of your subscriptions in one place so you know exactly what you're paying for. You know exactly where your money is going and If you wanna cancel one of your subscriptions, rocket Money can help you do that too. I personally appreciate the alerts Rocket Money sends you, If you input your bills, you can get an alert if any. There's like a price increase, if there's any unusual spending activity or if you're close to going over a personal like budget, you set Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/makeup today. That's rocket money.com/makeup rocket money.com/makeup.


So December 1st, 2010, this was the day before her death. PHOEBE had sent a really strange text message to her brothers, her parents and her grandmother. Oh and her boss. And the text message said quote, hi family, I'm in bed and about to sleep and when I wake I will transform into the most incredible human being you've ever seen. Not I will go into hospital. It's safer there. And I hear the special tonight is tomato soup. Delicious, nutritious, nutritious nutrition, nutritious. There we go. I love you all very much but not enough to send an individual text.


Sorry about that, but time of sleep and I must be on my way. Mely merrily, merrily life is but a dream xo. I know if you got that text message, what would you do? I'd be like, Kay, send. I don't know, you know, I don't know what I would say to that but obviously it was concerning, right? Phoebe's mother, Natalie, she received the, the text message like as she was boarding onto an airplane. So she knew she wasn't gonna get a response. So she reaches out to like her mom who is Phoebe's grandma and she asked her, Jeanette is her name Phoebe's grandma's name is Jeanette. So she asked Jeanette like, Hey can you, can you check on PHOEBE?


'cause she kind of lived close by. Well Jeanette tried to call PHOEBE, no answer. So she calls aunt no answer. So the next day on December 2nd at like 10 35 in the morning, Jeanette Phoebe's grandma, she reaches out again to see if she can get an answer right. But this time she's able to reach ANT and the first thing she asked ANT was like, is PHOEBE okay? And I guess ANT was confused a little bit because he didn't know about Phoebe's bizarre text message. Allegedly, we don't know. He told Jeanette that he had left PHOEBE sleeping peacefully that morning, but that he would swing by the apartment and like check on her since his office wasn't that far.


So on this day PHOEBE was, you know, just back at the apartment at 11:44 AM there was CCTV footage of her leaving the apartment because there was a fire alarm. Like I guess the fire alarm inside the building had accidentally been set off so everyone had to get out. So you can see PHOEBE on camera leaving with her dog and then she takes him for a little walk and then it's not even that long, she's caught back on camera returning to the apartment complex and then she goes to the 12th floor residence. Now nobody knows WHAT HAPPENED in the hours that followed. It's very bizarre. What we do know for sure is that PHOEBE was drinking heavily.


And that sounds kind of douchey to say, but like she was, she had a lot of alcohol in her system. So at some point PHOEBE had left her apartment before 7:00 PM because she leaves the apartment and she like somehow plunged down the garbage chute. It's so weird. The garbage chute was like right outside of the apartment, you know, on the wall. You know you go to it, you open it and then you drop garbage into it. I hope you know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about. It's like with that thing that you open up when you drop off mail trying to explain this I, and I think you get it but I sure, but it's pretty small. Like it measured just 14.5 by 8.6 inches.


So not huge, but somehow she got in there and she fell nearly 40 meters or 131 feet down from the 12th floor. She gets in there and falls now she survived the fall and I guess she was in the garbage room place. She was like desperately trying to get out. She's trying to get out the garbage bin that she fell in because she fell feet first. The garbage compactor at the bottom of the bin had essentially severed her right foot. Oy, I know sadly PHOEBE bled out in the dark alone and when she was found her jeans were below her, her knees kind of closer to her ankles, they were undone at the waist and her belt was only threaded through the first two of like five belt loops.


So just a very odd, weird WHAT HAPPENED kind of scene. Okay, So let me tell you the days leading up to Phoebe's death. So things leading up to her death, I mean they seemed really off that Monday morning PHOEBE had an appointment with her psychologist who would later say that her mood was like very low. She seemed to be distressed regarding her relationship. And on that same Monday night, PHOEBE and aunt I guess had gone out with some friends to get dinner but things didn't go so well. It was said that PHOEBE was just like trying to open up and have a conversation with her friend, you know, fucking talk. And when she spoke aunt kept like shutting her down, preventing her from sharing her thoughts or emotions, anything.


The friends from dinner that night said that their evening had ended abruptly. PHOEBE and aunt had left. Things were kind of tense I guess. But when PHOEBE and aunt had left, they drove back to the apartment and then they got into like a heated argument in the car park. It was said that PHOEBE had like left the car park and tears. Then she called up an old party friend asking if they would meet with her for a drink at a bar nearby. So this friend agrees, I guess they go to like a bar or whatever, they have a few drinks and they stayed for like about an hour. The friend had noted that her phone was ringing nonstop. Call after call after call and later phone records revealed that PHOEBE had missed 27 missed calls from ANT.


During that hour she was at the bar. The friend from the dinner said like the nonstop calls from ANT had made her like really upset obviously, you know, so when they were leaving the bar, I guess PHOEBE was so annoyed that she like just threw her phone across the street and it broke. It was said that PHOEBE had two phones. She had the iPhone, which she threw whatever and the iPhone, it technically belonged to aunt like it was his phone but she was using it, I guess it's like a girlfriend perk, like you can have my old phone. Like that was kind of the vibe I was getting. And then she had her old Nokia phone, I think that was like her main phone, whatever.


But her Nokia phone has actually never been found. No one knows where that went. It was said that PHOEBE didn't return to the apartment that night. She was really angry, you know, which is probably for the better. She ended up driving out to her mom's house. Her mom was outta town, but she hung out with her mom's partner and stayed up talking just about her crappy relationship and how unhappy she was. Then based off of phone records, PHOEBE had returned to her apartment by Tuesday morning after aunt had left her work. So PHOEBE must have been feeling some type of way the next morning because on Tuesday she had made a couple of phone calls to a crisis line at Alfred Hospital. Then she called her psychiatrist.


Her psychiatrist later testified that PHOEBE told her on the phone that she was extremely distressed about her relationship issues, that she was drinking heavily and that she felt unsafe. This is what the psychiatrist said and I was like, damn, like shouldn't the psychiatrist have helped a little bit more I guess. I don't know. I don't know, maybe I'm expecting too much. Just feels like if a client of yours says like I don't feel safe, that would be a red flag but I don't know, it doesn't matter. So she makes these phone calls I guess nothing really comes of it. Then before 4:00 PM PHOEBE sent out a text to her grandmother Jeanette telling her that she would call her the next day.


In the later interview, aunt said that he, when he got home Tuesday, he had taken Phoebe's iPhone and took it to like a repair shop that was close by because she had broken it from throwing it. But that's why she wasn't returning anyone's phone calls and stuff. That's what he said. So December 2nd in the morning it was like 8 39 o'clock, aunt had left the apartment for work. This is the day she passed away. This day she had plans to have dinner with her father. It was his birthday like a couple days ago and she wanted to have dinner with him and they were gonna meet up at some restaurant and have dinner together. It was noted that around 8 45 in the morning she had sent out an email and used the computer inside the apartment a couple of times and then again at 1143 in the morning, that's when the fire alarm went off.


So she had left the building, you know she had returned to the building at like 1150 and once returning she went back to the 12th floor apartment again. She used the computer and they were able to like track like computer movement and stuff. Then between the hours of 12:00 PM to 7:00 PM again, nobody knows what the hell was going on. It's very unclear. ANT had come home to the apartment at 6:00 PM he was driving a Range Rover, he pulled it into the building's basement garage. ANT then took the elevator and like let himself into the apartment. Now when he gets to the apartment, he couldn't remember if the front door was locked when he arrived or unlocked, but what he did remember was walking into the apartment and his dog Yoshi greeted him.


But then he looks around and he notices that the apartment was just a hot mess. There were shards of broken glass on the floor. He said it smelled like incense either were burning or like were just had just been burning the living room. Pillows were ripped. There were two wine glasses on the table. What was most concerning was that there was blood spattered across the keyboard and computer. So what then he said he peeked into the bathroom and that's when he saw that on the floor was Phoebe's hair straightener and it was still plugged in. I know if the hair straightener is plugged in and it's on the ground, you know something went down.


So on the kitchen counter was Phoebe's purse wallet and her keys. But PHOEBE was nowhere to be found. Now according to aunt, everything is according to aunt, there were several like post-it notes with strange scribbles all over the kitchen counter. He knew that this stuff was the post-its were new because the house cleaner had combined like cleaned everything the day before. So they were recent and said he went into the bedroom and he found what he called a shrine on the bed. I don't know if I believe him on this one, there's no pics but sure he said there's a shrine. He said that on the bed there was like a photo of himself and PHOEBE and a photo of her cat.


And what he later described as rambled notes that the notes she writes when she's smashed, they don't make a lot of sense. That's what he said. So the apartment was concerning and PHOEBE was gone but and he carried on with his night like everything was normal. Listen, he got some beer, he made a couple phone calls like friends and coworkers and then he ordered some food delivery, you know, which is so weird, right? Like even if everything was totally fine, let's say nothing bad even happened when you get home wouldn't like the first thing you do If you see broken glass on the floor, you would clean up the broken glass, right?


You got a dog, your dog might walk in it, spread it around everywhere it's gonna get in your feet. Ugh, that's the worst when you get some glass in your foot. He didn't, he just like leave everything as is and went on with his night. I think it was intentional, but I don't know. Then at 6:51 PM it was like 40 minutes had gone by, okay, since aunt had come home. So Phoebe's father is calling Phoebe's iPhone. Len and ANT have different memories as to WHAT HAPPENED next. So according to Len, Phoebe's father ANT answered his call on Phoebe's iPhone. Len said that he was calling Phoebe's phone to let her know that he was running late for dinner, but it went to voicemail within one minute of her dad's call aunt for the first time ever called Phoebe's dad.


So aunt tells Len that Phoebe's phone was not in the apartment, but he just so happened to call her dad the same minute he called her. Does that make sense? Aunt said like it was just like an odd coincidence. It's a weird one though. So on the other hand, aunt said that he called Len from his own phone a minute later because he thought PHOEBE might have like gone to meet Len and that he didn't know it was a minute later because he didn't have the phone. It was just a weird coincidence. That's crazy. Wow. The universe is so weird, right? Everyone, regardless of who called who, when the both of them talked on the phone, Len had explained that he was trying to call PHOEBE because you know, they made plans to have dinner to celebrate his birthday and they were supposed to meet at one of Phoebe's favorite restaurants.


It was called the Golden Triangle. And Len was calling to say again that he was running late, but ANT told Len over the phone, she's not here. And then he goes on to say her bag and her keys are here. So like she can't be too far away. So Len was worried when ANT said PHOEBE wasn't in the apartment and Len tells an that maybe he should report her missing and aunt again on the phone. And he's like, he tells Len no I'm not gonna report her missing. Like it's not necessary. They don't listen until 48 hours have passed and she'll be back by then. Everyone seems to always believe, I don't even know if that's true anymore. The 48 hours sing anyways.


But he was like, no, no it's fine. Meanwhile, between 7 0 4 and 7:11 PM a concierge at the Valencia apartments downstairs main lobby were there. Concierge was like, I need a broom. They gotta do some cleaning duties. Okay? So they go looking for a broom and they try to open the door, the door that's gonna lead them to the broom. And this door was stuck, right? Stuck not moving. So then after a couple attempts to open the door, that's when this person comes across PHOEBE lying in a pool of her own blood besides the garbage bin. Oh, horrible.


Could you imagine? No, I was gonna say could. Could you imagine? No, I couldn't imagine. That'd be awful.


I'm going outta town, which means it's time to pack. And let's be honest, you know my old t-shirt from 2005 and like my jeans and stuff are the most comfortable, but sometimes I have to dress to impress people, not my specialty. Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service. So when you sign up for an account, you get assigned a stylist who learns all about your style and your budget and once they have all of that information, they go out to work figuring out personalized pieces for you in just the right size, your needs, your concerns, whatever. And they do all the shopping for you. I love that the stylist feature is such a huge help for me personally because they really go out of their way to find pieces that not only look great, but feel great for me. You know, plus Stitch Fix doesn't force a subscription service on you. You can order boxes when you want and how you want so there's no subscription required. You can keep what you love and then you send back the rest. I mean it's so easy. They even send you like outfit recommendations and styling tips and that helps me a lot. I'm a visual person. Sometimes I just need someone to tell me like what to wear. Now maybe you're like me a little, I know it's a rare thing to say, but I actually hate shopping. I hate shopping, okay? So that's why like I love Stitch Fix because no stores, no crowds, no bad dressing room lighting, ugh. You know, just personalized looks that you can try on at home and again, keep what you love. Send back the rest If you don't Personal styling for everyone, get started today at stitchfix.com/makeup. That's stitchfix.com/makeup.


Obviously the first thing they did was dial 0 0 0, which is equivalent to 9 1 1 0 0 0 makes way more sense. It's easy, it's right there. 0, 0, 0. I don't know why they make us do 9 1 1. Like it's not 0, 0, 0 makes more sense. Thank you. So the police end up showing up and they were given the keys to the garbage room where again it appears PHOEBE had just plummeted 40 meters to the ground floor. She must have like landed in the garbage compactor leaving her with several injuries and almost a severed foot. They came to the conclusion that like PHOEBE, when she landed, she was still alive because around the garbage bins there were blood smears where she must have like gotten her strength to get up and like crawl out of the bin.


And then she was bleeding to death while she struggled to find the exit. Poor thing. It was so sad. So an ambulance was called at 7:20 PM which was like 20 minutes after PHOEBE was initially found. So the paramedics arrived th it's like seven minutes later and the presence just seemed to add like chaos in this relatively small foyer and the corridor area that led to the garbage room. So one of the paramedics, her name was Christie and she was told by police the room was a crime scene and she was not like allowed to enter the area. Now this went against like all of Christy's training and instincts, but still like there was nothing she could do.


I mean the police were in charge and they wouldn't let her enter. Christy wasn't happy about being prevented from trying to help and it was said like, well she later said she lost a lot of sleep over it and that they were like no reports that anyone laid hands on PHOEBE to see if she was still warm or to check like if she was actually dead, which is fucked up. But the room was considered a crime scene. So police didn't allow anyone in until the crime scene specialist arrived, which was like hours later. So not long after one of the managers of the apartments shows up, his name was Eric. So it's Eric Guy. He goes up to police and he is like, Hey you know we have CCTV footage, you know, maybe you guys wanna get that or I can give that to you.


And it would help with like the situation. Eric also told the officers that they would have to act quickly because the camera footage operated on a two day loop, meaning that it would record over previous footage every two days. So Eric said in an interview I suggested to the police that if they needed any CCTV they should start downloading. He also said they didn't really respond to me suggesting this, thank you Eric. So the cameras kept running, police told Eric like we'll let you know if we need the footage, we'll we'll call you. Pretty much. So then two days go by and of course the police are like, Hey can we get that CCTV footage?


It's not funny, it's just stupid, right? Yeah. Obviously the tapes had filmed over, some of them had at this point. So they were able to get like three or four of the camera footage from like the 16 cameras. Yeah, the rest had been filmed over with like new footage. Meanwhile all this is going on downstairs and was just completely unaware living in his own little world, you know? So again, he ordered some takeout. He actually ordered takeout from the Golden Triangle, which was like the restaurant PHOEBE and her dad were supposed to go to that evening. Don't you think? That's a little weird. I thought that was a little weird. Like why wouldn't he just go with them or was he trying to make it seem like he did go with them?


I don't know, I might be overthinking it. I just thought that was weird. So he ordered delivery just for himself and the food arrived just after like 8:00 PM the food was delivered to his apartment. Knock, knock, knock your food's here. So ANT answers his door and the food delivery man ask ANT like hey what's going on here? And ANT was like, what are you talking about? Like what do you mean what's going on? And then delivery man was like out front, like the front of the building is swarming with cops. There are police cars, ambulance, like I had to prop my bike up on the street and then he left. It was like, I hope your food isn't cold. So ANT takes the food, he brings it inside, he puts it down. He had sat downstairs where he sees a bunch of police officers and stuff and he goes up to one of the detectives and he is like, what's going on?


So this is when the senior sergeant told ANT that a woman's body had been found in the trash compactor room. Apparently ANT had followed that with, oh no, my girlfriend is missing. Could it be her? My acting kind of sucks. Oh no. So aunt like starts to ramble. I think he's in a panic, you know because his girlfriend is missing. But he tells the sergeant like, oh my girlfriend's been missing all day. I've been at work. I was trying to call her every couple hours. I got no response. He also tells the sergeant like she's suffering from depression and taking medication and that she wasn't home. When I got home. I tried calling her no answer. Sometimes she disappears like, I don't know, maybe she'll turn up just list of things like okay.


He even tells the sergeant about the post-it notes. He's like, yeah. And then she left some post-it notes. I have no idea like where she went. Anthony goes back up to the apartment to grab like a recent photo of PHOEBE. So you know they could ID her. So when aunt shows the image to the sergeant, that's when they confirm like we think this is PHOEBE. So the sergeant and another detective, they go up to Ann and Phoebe's apartment to examine the area and the surrounding area. This is where the police completely flopped. The detectives noted that there were, there were several interesting factors. There were some broken glass and some blood on the floor. The post-it notes were strange, allegedly left by PHOEBE.


And it was also strange that the dog was in the process of ripping up another cushion. They were like noted, the two detectives also searched the entire 12th floor and found blood on the floor on the refuse room where the garbage chute was like located. They also found a mixture of DNA from at least like two people. It was in the bloodstains on the inside door of the ground floor refuse room. So they find all this like blood and stuff and like I, I don't know, they didn't test any of it. I dunno, none of it. So again, they also found blood around the apartment itself, like near the computer.


Now the police, they took some photos but for some reason they didn't take pictures of everything. They took like like three photos it seemed like. Also they didn't test for DNA on that blood. Either police didn't take any of Phoebe's or Ann's devices and none of the laptops or cell phones were examined. There were also large shoe prints that were leading away from the apartment. That was noted, pointed out. But no photos and no samples were taken. Okay. I mean it could have been hers but like based off what I was reading, it didn't seem like it was hers. It seemed like they were like questionable shoe prints. So again, it was noted that there were two glasses on the kitchen counter area.


One appeared to have wine in it, the other one looked like it was kind of empty, but there were two glasses. So a lot of people think there were two people. Honestly, when looking at the glasses, I was thinking one kind of looked like it would have hard liquor in it and the other one was like a chaser. That's what kind of what reminded me of. But like either way, none of the glasses were taken for like fingerprints or DNA. There was one person at the scene who said like inside the apartment on like a wall that was kind of near the, the kitchen. There was a large smudge on it and it was said to be like a dark substance, but again, no photos or samples taken. It kind of sounded like this dark substance was like, I'm jumping to conclusions here, but like a, like if when your skin comes in contact with the wall and it leaves behind like that, it kinda gets a greasy and dirty looking just me.


All right. But that's kind of like what it sounded like, you know, like someone had smudged up against it but they didn't get a photo. So like I said, many people believe like police really botched this investigation and I'm sure you can agree. I think they did. So when the time came Anthony or an he told the detectives that he was too upset to view Phoebe's body and Id her, so his, her parents ended up doing it. But once he was alone he called up his mom. Her name was Suzanne Owen and his stepfather, his name was Robert, he calls them up first. He then calls Phoebe's father Len to tell him that PHOEBE had had died. Then Len told like the rest of the family passed on the BAD NEWS.


So I guess when Phoebe's grandmother was called, like the first thing she said when she picked up the phone was like, is she okay? You know, wondering ABOUT PHOEBE. 'cause like I said earlier, Jeanette was super, super close to her granddaughter, PHOEBE and like probably not the whole family. It sounded like PHOEBE and her grandma had a super close relationship and was one of like her closest confidants. And in the days leading up to Phoebe's passing, I guess PHOEBE had actually gone and like visited her grandma and she told her that she was going to leave her boyfriend aunt and her grandma told her, gave her some advice and was like, you should go back to the apartment and like tell 'em that it's over face to face, you know, and make sure like you end on good terms.


That's what her grandma says to her. And like in interviews now, like to this day her grandma, I think we understand why regrets ever saying that Jeanette, she ended up showing, you know, Phoebe's grandma, she ended up showing texts that she got from aunt from that morning, the morning of Phoebe's death. Jeanette had texted aunt asking like how they both were and he had replied at like eight 30 in the morning. He wrote back, thanks Marm marm, she's sleeping beauty right now and not the beast. She was resting well and I've explained now is the time to heal. Then when she feels okay, we'll work out a plan. So Victoria police concluded that Phoebe's death was the result of a suicide and in the CORONER they ruled that her death was a freak accident.


According to the coroners, PHOEBE had a blood alcohol level of 0.16, which is like three times the legal limit. So they know like her final hours involved heavy drinking. PHOEBE also had still knocks in her system, which is a prescription sleeping pill. And the coroners believed she had taken like one or two of these sleeping pills. Now the coroner's opinion was that PHOEBE while inside her apartment had accidentally like broken a glass and she attempted to clean it up and while doing so she must have accidentally cut herself and that's why there was like blood in the apartment. She then carried a garbage bag to the garbage chute and because she was so intoxicated she made the decision to climb into the garbage chute on her own, which then led to her death.


They even went on to say that PHOEBE most likely was in a sleepwalking state after drinking the alcohol and like taking the sleeping pills and like okay sure, but to many this didn't add up. This didn't make sense. And I'll tell you why police during their investigation didn't look into the garbage and you're like, why would they do that? Because if PHOEBE didn't throw her trash away or whatever and like this is the story that they think happened, then maybe they could try and like, you know, tie a a garbage bag to Phoebe's apartment, kind of help with their story to make it make sense. And if they'd find like a bag belonging to her and like their apartment trash, it would make sense.


But you know, police failed to like make any connection there. So at the scene, Phoebe's sunglasses were found right next to her in the refuse room, which led to many people asking like why would she take her sunglasses with her while attempting to climb into a garbage chute like they were on her head or something. They believe also when she was found, her jeans were down to her like below her knees and her belt was only looped into two of the five belt loops. Now if she fell feet first into a narrow garbage chute, her jeans, they wouldn't slip down.


They would slip up or they'd be pushed upwards, you know, so like didn't make sense. And also her falling down a garbage shoot wouldn't undo her belt. Many people would have suggested like, oh it kind of seemed like she was in the middle of like looping her belt into her jeans and then she ended up there or something. Like nobody could make sense of the jeans or her sunglasses. It was just kinda like a weird, it's super weird. There's no answers there. Not even the corners or anyone could like make sense of it. So Phoebe's grandfather, this guy's so great, so great. I just feel bad 'cause like the circumstances are awful obviously.


But her grandfather, he's a retired police detective and he was not convinced. He was like PHOEBE was murdered. I think she was murdered and he wanted to prove that it would've been virtually impossible to climb into a garbage chute on your own because if these reports were true, like PHOEBE would have to climb into the chute feet first, which is tough, especially if you're in like a sleep like state. Like it's not on the ground or anything. Like this garbage suit thing is like a pie. The garbage suit had a 22 centimeter latch and the opening of this thing is like a little wider than a laptop. There were no handholds or like supporting structures on the wall near the garbage shoot. So getting into the thing alone would be super difficult.


On top of that, once something is inserted into the chute, the door automatically closes, which again would make it very hard to enter the shoot. There was like a retired detective, his name was Roland Leg. He would say like one of the major problems apart from the dimensions is that the door comes up against your lower back and jams you in. So trying to maneuver yourself is then not helped by the fact that there is nothing to grip onto. So this is where Phoebe's GRANDPA is like a badass because he's like, I'm gonna do my own experiment. He had a model who is the same size as PHOEBE. He brings them in and has them try to get into the shoot on their own, which turns out was just not possible.


There's footage of this 'cause they uploaded it on YouTube So you can actually watch it. But they tried numerous times with failed results every time. So then they tried it again. The model person had some assistance. It was like another person lifting her up and putting her into the shoot and that worked. But it required her to raise her arms above her head to successfully get in. And that's worth saying because the investigators who analyzed the crime scene said that Phoebe's arms were most likely by her side during the fall. 'cause she had a bunch of injuries on her arms and they're like, that means like her arms were probably down by her side. Now this part is where it just screams like, like I don't even know what the screams, it's just annoying because like they saw that she had bruises 'cause PHOEBE had several bruises on her arms, neck and wrists.


And they were like hand marks like come on. Like someone was grabbing. And they even say like in the reports, it could be from someone like being aggressive and grabbing, but it also could be from something else. It's just like, okay. But there was some on her arms and there was one on her neck too. Come the fuck on the CORONER and the police were like, Nope, those are from the fall itself. And they were like set on this. They still are. So then when the CORONER came out and ruled Phoebe's death as like suicide slash freak accident, whatever the hell they said aunt applied for Phoebe's superannuation fund.


I'm sure I said that right, Australia. But it's like, it's kind of like a retirement or savings plan that's used in Australia. In other words, he was trying to receive a death benefit payment and like this was just not even long after they came out with the report. I wonder if he had debts. Aunt's father. Remember he was a, a judge, big judge, his name's George Hampel. He signed a statutory declaration, which is like a legal statement. So an Ann's declaration, George Hampel exaggerated the length of ANT and Phoebe's living situation. He said, or he like assigned, signed a thing that said that PHOEBE and an were living together for six months longer than they actually were in order for ANT to receive Phoebe's payment.


No, no. Now ANT ended up receiving a payment of $113,000. So that's a lot. Damn, you guys got some good benefits out there, huh? So he receives the, the payment and then there were like several disputes. Obviously the family was very upset by this and they were trying to fight him on it and eventually and kind of gives in and he gives some money to Phoebe's brothers. But the fact that he did that in the first place, huh? Wow. Oh that's not all. So then aunt and his family, they hold a funeral for PHOEBE at some fancy yacht club. It was said that like some of Phoebe's closest friends weren't even invited.


I think it was just for show. And then Phoebe's family, they had their own funeral, which was more modest. It was by the river and ANT did not attend. So just weeks after Phoebe's death, Anne actually sold his apartment at the Valencia. Many thought. Hmm, weird. So Phoebe's family was really pushing for like the police and investigators and the courts to like investigate this death. 'cause it was, it's strange, it's bizarre, right? But of course like Anne and his family strongly opposed into looking into Phoebe's death. Further, the CORONER had ruled that the combination of sleeping pills and alcohol had affected Phoebe's mental state, which led to her entering the garbage shoot and losing her life.


The coroners had like an assisting counsel. They disagreed. They were saying that this evidence left the possibility of third party involvement, which possibly included ANT, but what the CORONER ruled. Ruled. So it didn't matter what other people said to soda, I wonder who's paying them off. So Phoebe's family had to actually try to challenge the coroner's findings like multiple times. But nothing ever really seemed to come from it. They kept getting denied Phoebe's parents were straight up told like that it would be challenging trying to find a lawyer that would go against aunt's parents. Again, one was a Supreme Court judge. His dad and his stepmom was a county court judge.


So yeah, then in August, 2013 a coroner's inquest into Phoebe's death was launched. They finally decided, okay fine, we will look into this. So obviously like Anthony's attorney objected to the notion that PHOEBE was murdered. He's like, no, look at what everyone else said. And during the inquest CORONER Peter White had testified once again that PHOEBE slave walked herself right into that shoe. But there's a detective, his name's Detective O'Brien. He was actually with ANT the Night of Phoebe's death. And he testified saying that Anthony's demeanor at the time was strange.


I was like, go on. Yes. What about it? What in a statement to the court, detective O'Brien said that he remembered ANT cried, but that there were no tears running down his face. Nor did it appear that there had been any at all. He added that ANT was sniffling, yet there was no sign of mucus or snot coming from his nose. He also said that his eyes were not bloodshot or red and his face appeared quite normal again that night. Like police officers went to ANT and they were like, Hey, we need to like get your statement. And ANT Tripp told the officer, oh I can type the statement up myself. He told the officer like, I'm a really fast typist, I could just type it for you really quick.


And the officer was like, okay. And he said, the officer said that as soon as ANT started typing his statement, he immediately stopped crying and appeared calm and composed. There was someone else who like came forward and said Aunt was being weird. One of his longtime friends, her name was Vanessa Levin. She was shocked at his unusual behavior after Phoebe's death. She said that he appeared to enjoy all the people that were coming by his apartment saying that he was lapping up the attention. This friend also said that while she was visiting aunt, he would be totally fine, normal, everything was great. He was scrolling on Facebook, answering emails.


But then as soon as like a visitor came by, he would go to the couch, grab a pillow, go into the fetal position and just cry. Do we? We expect him to be crying all day every day. No, but this friend was saying that it seemed like he was turning on and off his emotions. You know what I'm saying? It seemed like a performance a little bit. Now when Phoebe's grandmother Jeanette came over to the apartment, she said something was off. She looked around the apartment and she was like, there is nothing around this apartment that even belongs to PHOEBE. Or like shows Phoebe's personality, which you would assume there would be like traces of your existence in your apartment that you live in, right? She said there was nothing around the apartment that was a Phoebe's except for carefully arranged photographs of ANT and PHOEBE that were like laid out on the table.


She was like, this is weird. 'cause PHOEBE liked to paint, she was a colorful person. Like, you know. So she was just like, this is weird. So there was another friend, this one's weird, it was aunt's friend, his name was Christo, I guess they were, they were like work colleagues and it was said that their relationship was only professional, but many disagree that it was only professional. They seemed extra friendly. Like there was many photos of them on Facebook that made them seem like they were really good personal friends. Like there's photos of them on a yacht in Europe and the two of them would like engage in some banter in the comment section. People were like, mm, okay, but that's not the point.


The point is that Christo would go to aunt's apartment concierge office and go speak with the lady who initially found Phoebe's body. Why? Well, Christo had showed up with like a bottle of wine and some chocolate for, for the woman and then started talking with her about Phoebe's death and how she struggled with depression and then aunt tried to help her but that PHOEBE didn't want to be saved. Like going on and on about it. Yes, this guy, this random ass guy. Huh? This friend was telling the concierge lady like all of this now I guess it was said that Christo had visited the concierge like every second or third day for about two weeks and was like having the same conversation.


Weird, right? So after so many visits, I get the concierge pretty much told him like, don't come back because you're upsetting, you're upsetting me. Like I don't wanna talk about this with you. So they told him not to come back. Isn't that weird though, right? Like what was that about? What was that? I mean, it's not illegal to do that, but like, you know when ANT was like asked directly whether he had any involvement with Phoebe's death, he said absolutely not. Just had to throw that out there. He did deny it. He told everyone that PHOEBE was depressed, she was drinking a lot, she was borrowing money from him and like maybe it was suicide. Like maybe she was over it.


Like aunt mentioned though, that before her death he had bought tickets for them, for him and PHOEBE to go to Paris together. Like the next month it was like three weeks. And that it was something that she was looking forward to and like this was confirmed by fem Phoebe's family, that aunt had purchased tickets to go to Paris with her. So she had told one of her family members that she wanted out of the relationship, but she was gonna like suck it up until after the trip. I say that only 'cause it was kind of like part of their defense. Like see she didn't, she didn't have killed herself. She was making plans, you know, I don't know because Phoebe's death was initially listed as a suicide. This prevented further investigation or investigations like trying to access and analyze Phoebe's computer and emails.


And Phoebe's parents were finally able to like access her Gmail account only to find out that all of Phoebe's sent emails had been wiped out and deleted. So aunt had a sister, her name was Chrissy, but apparently she had a pretty close bond with PHOEBE. Like they're close. So Christy is a handful, meaning she has powerful parents. But Christy was like a bad aunt. She would sell drugs, she would get into trouble, you know, but she would sell like her drugs to aunt's friends and like some, some people in Australia's high society. And PHOEBE was aware of this, you know, I think everyone maybe was.


But after Phoebe's death, Chrissy, she got arrested and was facing drug trafficking charges. But because of her family they had a lot of power and a lot of influence and they were able to evade a conviction. So she was let go. But then in 2016, Chrissy went on Facebook. I love when people go on Facebook and just say wild shit. But she went on Facebook and she posted a picture of herself and PHOEBE and then she wrote in the caption, like in loving memory, I stumbled across my favorite pick of beautiful PHOEBE, I miss you darling.


You were a, a fragile little flower that no one watered you and your family were let down by the justice system. And those who represented, I only hope that one day the truth will come out so that they will have some peace. Ooh, the truth. The truth will come out. Interesting. So you know, after a year and a half into like their investigation called an inquest, they came to the same conclusion that PHOEBE had either committed suicide or as a freak accident. And like Anthony was off the hook. So nothing came of it. Anthony was never charged or even considered a suspect to this day.


Like the case remains unsolved, the courts and all that will say it's solved. They'll say, yeah, it's, it was a suicide or whatever. But to many like it's unsolved and to her family as well, they continue to search for answers. 'cause it's also weird, right? But then it leads us into one other little situation. So there's this girl named Bailey, she's 25 years old. She's lives in Melbourne, Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia. There's some similarities to Phoebe's story. Bailey was known for like being outgoing, fun, beautiful. She was a model. She did, she did stuff. So then this leads us into our, like our little other mini story we got going on right now.


25-year-old Bailey Schneider. She was kind of similar to PHOEBE in some ways. She had an active social life, she was very popular, she was gorgeous and people seemed to really love her. And then on June 24th, 2018, she was at home with her parents. She was like on her phone and her parents are like, okay we, we are gonna go out to like the supermarket or something. And she's like, okay. Like she stays behind. I guess Bailey had like a bad day before her and her boyfriend had gotten into a fight at like a barbecue. So she's kind of just like bumming out over it, right?


So parents take off, go to the grocery store and when they come back, that's when they find Bailey. They return home and they find Bailey's lifeless body slumped against the baseboards by a cupboard in the kitchen. She had a gold cord tied around her neck as if she had hanged herself, but she didn't hang herself. It was odd. It was odd because one, there was no place in the kitchen where the 178 centimeter tall Bailey could have hanged herself. Despite this, like police concluded that her death was a suicide, her parents strongly disagreed. Over a year later, an investigation was opened regarding her death, and at this point police obtained her two mobile phones, searched them, and they came to the conclusion that like it was self-inflicted.


The connection here is that Bailey also dated Anthony Hampel. Now what are the odds of that a guy has two girlfriends who killed themselves like, Hmm, that's weird man, that's random. He's got a lot of weird coincidences going on, doesn't he? So I guess like Bailey, it was on again, off again. It was very toxic. This is just based off of what I read. There's like not that much information out there about her. I'm gonna make an assumption here. I don't really know too much, but I think because her background was a little, she's like a party girl. She, I think she worked at a strip club and stuff.


So it's like they didn't really report just about her and like her relationship or anything like that couldn't find anything really except for surface stuff. And the fact that like she was a stripper and whatnot, it's like, okay. But like there's more to her than that. What was I even getting at? I don't remember, but they both dated aunt at the time. What's her name? Bailey was 25 and ANT was like 49 or some shit. And like in his fifties maybe, I can't even remember. But it was something massive. But both PHOEBE and Bailey were kind of similar. Like a lot of people said after dating ANT both of them became socially withdrawn, secretive, and reserved. I mean that's it really. The end. Yeah. I wish I could have found out more about Bailey Schneider.


There were so many like conflicting stories, but we do know that she dated ANT like come on. I didn't do like a, where is he now? With ANT? I did come across. I know, why didn't I? I don't know. It was like, I don't wanna know where this guy's at. It's a piece of shit. But I do, I did read that He's like married and whatnot. Does the wife know? How do you marry someone? And they're like, oh yeah, I had two girlfriends who died. Wouldn't you be like, eh, I'm, I'm okay. I think I'm okay. Like that's kind of weird. Any who? That is the case of PHOEBE Uck and Bailey Snyder a little bit there. You know, for Phoebe's family moving on from like, their loss remains pretty much a, a lifelong struggle with these stories.


You always hope for the best. I guess. Like some closure, some answers maybe they'll find like a diary that belonged to an or something. It just like, I don't know. What do you think? You think ANT did it or he just has really bad luck, huh? I don't know. There's so many things that like point to ANT. I don't know how he did it though. That's the thing because there's many people who say like he was at work all day when PHOEBE had died, that he was at work all day. Like a lot of eyewitnesses and stuff. So if he was at work all day, how'd he do it? You know? Maybe it wasn't him. Maybe it was like one of the construction workers who was working at the building. I don't know. Well, thank you for hanging out with me today.


Today was a little long, wasn't it? I hope you have a good day. You make good choices and I'll be talking to you later. Goodbye.