
On October 15th, we had a Murder Mystery, a makeup live digital premiere. What an experience. We talked about the Klein Acts attacks. And it. I mean, I did it all live. It was so fun engaging with you guys. Like it was so fun. There were tons of like incredible comments and questions and I hope to do it again. I just cannot Thank you all enough. It was so much fun and it's all thanks to you, my audience. The story itself was crazy. I already wasn't a big fan of camping or biking, but now, you know, just really solidified that.


But here's the thing, maybe you didn't get a chance to attend. Maybe you forgot to get tickets or you were busy or I don't know. you know, you got life going on. That's okay. I got you. From now until November 12th. You can still buy a ticket and experience the entire event from start to finish as If. You were there with us. If this sounds like something you want to do, head on over to moment.co/mm to buy tickets to the replay of the big event. This is the last chance to see what Murder Mystery Makeup Live was all about. Limited edition. And if you're thinking, Hey, why would I buy a ticket to a live event that is no longer live? I think that's a great question. This episode of MURDER MYSTERY and Makeup lives only on Moment by Patreon. It will not be on YouTube after November 12th. this story, you know, all the the makeup tips I gave the chitchat POOF gone forever. So come see how a brand new story was created from the foundation up and experienced some special surprises along the way. Come experience Murder Mystery Makeup Live of Digital Premier. While you still can, you can get your tickets to the 28 day replay over at moment.co/mm. That's moment.co/mm.


Now let's get into today's episode of MURDER MYSTERY and Makeup Hi. friends, how are you today, I? hope you are having a wonderful day so far. My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday, which means it's murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. If you're new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I sit down and I talk about true crime story that s been heavy on my login and I do my MAKEUP at the same time, if you're interested in true crime and you like makeup, I would say subscribe. If you want, you know, that's up to you. Today's story I came across randomly the other day, And, it just like engulfed me.


Is that the word engulfed? Saturated. It took over my brain. Okay, because I had never heard this story before at all. And. it was just like, oh my god. So it takes place in New York with this woman. Her name is Alice Crimmins, and she was like labeled a quote unquote tramp who was responsible for the murder of her two young children. But hold it there 'cause there's a but and it's a big, but Alice was seen as a victim of like trial by innuendo. She was seen as a woman being persecuted for her defiant anger at a justice system who was like more concerned with her social life than solving the murder of her children.


this story is weird, it's wild, and I, it's kind of, it's deeply upsetting because you'll see, so listen, Alice was born March 9th, 1939 in the Bronx, New York. Her parents were said to be devout like Irish Catholic and very strict, you know, you know Alice would go to school at St. Raymond's Convent, like it was a Catholic school, but it seemed like Alice was a free spirit. She wanted to grow and like be her own person. She wanted independence, you know, and the older she got, the more she like kept her eye on the price, meaning independence.


So sometimes the fastest way to get independence or just out of your parents' house back then was to get married, right? So in 1959, 19-year-old Alice goes on to marry her high school sweetheart, Edmond Crimin. So with Edmond, there wasn't much said about this guy other than like he was handsome, he was six foot tall, had sandy hair and like some considered him a catch, you know? But other than that we really couldn't find anything about the guy's background and that seems to be the one thing that is consistent in this whole damn story.


So the two would go on to get married and that same year they would have their first son, Eddie Junior. Then the following year they would have Alice Marie, she was born. So they're a cute little family and they moved to the Regal Gardens apartments in Q Gardens. New York Q Gardens is in a neighborhood in the central area of the New York City, borough of Queens. So it was said their marriage was good as they usually are in the beginning, not to sound like an old witch or something, you know, but the early years of marriage is good and their marriage was good.


26-year-old Alice, she was a homemaker. So she would be at home, take care of the kids, clean the house, look presentable, make sure dinner's made, lunch, breakfast, all the above. Alice was said to be the type of person who cared about her outer appearance. I know that sounds shady, whatever, but like this is, you know, she always had full glam on, she dressed nice, her hair was done, nails done, she cared. It was said when she was a teenager, she had struggled with really bad acne. So that's when she first started wearing like a lot of makeup to cover that and cover up the acne scars.


And then over time she just kind of continued it, you know, she just continued wearing makeup moving forward. But like to us it's kinda like no big deal, right? But this was back in whatever year I just said, I already forgot, but I know it was a year that like things were different. Women were supposed to be more like naturally beautiful and like, or like you didn't wear a lot of makeup or it wasn't noticeable, you were wearing makeup. But for Alice, like it was obvious she was made up, hair done, nails done, outfit fit, like just fitted. Ugh. She was just, she cared, right? Any who her husband ed admin at this time was working as an airline mechanic.


Over time he started to spend like little time at home and to Alice it really seemed that he preferred working overtime and drinking with the boys rather than be home with the family. There came a point where Alice was just feeling lonely and quite neglected in this marriage. So she started to wonder like what else was out there. And by her own account, she had only slept with one man in her entire life. And she was kind of at the point where she was feeling curious about maybe what she was missing out there. You know, she wanted to explore the swingers lifestyle a little bit.


Allegedly it got to a point where just the couple was not working out anymore. And Edmond actually moves out of the family apartment. They're still married, just separated at this point. But he gets real weird before moving out. He gets real weird, okay? He wasn't happy about the separation at all actually. He was freaking pissed. He didn't wanna think about his wife being with somebody else and she was honest. She wanted to be with other people, you know? So you know what his ass did Well Edmond wanted like proof that she was sleeping with other men. So he decided to install a wiretap on her phone and another wiretap from the basement to her bedroom.


Oh yeah. So he could sneak into the house and like listen to her making love to other men. He was just like a psycho jealous con just ugh. So Alice was working as a cocktail waitress, which was like, what? Back then again, wild times. It was seen as like taboo for a wife to get a job. She's supposed to be at home with the kids, goddammit taking care of the house. But Alice needed money and she wanted independence. She didn't, she didn't need a man. So she got herself a job regardless of what others thought. But for her, right? There would even be regulars who would come in and like she would date, quote unquote date them.


And she was just really feeling it. you know,


Sometimes I give myself way too much credit. Like every time I sign up for a free trial of a subscription service, I always think Future me will remember to cancel before I get charged once a month for the rest of my life. And let me tell you, I always let myself down, okay, listen, I don't need to rely on Future Me anymore because I have Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. They make it super easy to see all of my subscriptions in one place and when they're all lined up, it's pretty obvious what I use and like what I don't. Then when I decide to cancel one, it only takes a few taps and Rocket Money can do it for me. Plus their dashboard helps me track my spending. I can see what I spent compared to last month. So I know where my money is going. you know, if any bills increase, I get an alert so I can adjust my budget accordingly. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel, your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/makeup. That's rocket money.com/makeup. Rocket money.com/makeup.


It was said that Alice was a quote Blue-eyed redhead who was both slim and bso eye roll of course through like she's slim and bso every single woman is supposed to be. But listen, there were other sources that said she had brown eyes, so I don't know here, but either way she had eyes, we know that she had reddish hair 'cause she was good looking And, it was said it was easy for her to get attention again. When Edmond found this out, it enraged him. He hated this. Okay? So he was again, a little creep about it.


Later on, Edmond admitted to sneaking into her place on numerous occasions just to be around her stuff and touch her personal things. End quote. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In my mind I'm thinking underwear specifically. He was probab probably being weird with, because usually when guys break into a house and wanna touch things, it's always the fucking underwear, right? Ugh. Anyways, but that's just my imagination. All he said was he would break in and touch her quote personal things. There was actually one night when Edmond was in the basement listening in while Alice had a lover upstairs in her bedroom.


He obviously was livid and stormed into her room chasing the, the guy, whoever it was out of the house completely naked. And I think he kicked the shit out of him. But I can't confirm nor deny because I read it in one place. Like the little details seem to be a little off here, but either way, gross. This guy, it was just inappropriate. Oh, but get this, 'cause this makes it even like what? Yeah, it's a side note, but Edmund also admitted to Alice at after sneaking in, he would go to a nearby park and expose himself to young girls, huh?


Yeah, he was just doing that. That was his hobby, I guess he loved it. Live, laugh, love. He was trying his best. Later on when he was questioned about it, he would say that he made that part up to make Alice feel better for being a shitty person. I'm not kidding. He's like, yeah, I made that up because Alice is shitty. And so I just wanted to make her feel better. Like, no, actually I'm worse. But sure, I don't know about you, but I'm pretty sure most dudes that wouldn't be their go-to answer. So I think it's safe to say that Edmond ain't right in the fricking head. What do I know? I know nothing. Okay, well tensions are building and mind you, there really isn't much mention about the kids or like the parent relationship with them at this point.


It's just all about like Alice, very bizarre. But anytime Alice did leave the house, she always had a babysitter in place, or Edmond would have the kids. Edmond seemed to badmouth Alice in front of the kids a lot. you know, just doing what you shouldn't do as a parent. There was mention of one night where Edmond was sitting with his son, Eddie Junior. He was telling his dad that quote Mom would invite cousins over who would walk around in their undershirts and would spend the night end quote, Edmond hears his son say this and he was growing more angry with Alice and how she was like mothering the children.


So the night that really sent him over the edge was when one evening Alice decided to leave the kids with the babysitter while she went out to a party with a boyfriend of hers. So Alice was 26, 27 at this time and she was seeing 52-year-old Anthony Grace. It's like such a kind of pretty name though. Anthony Grays. Anthony was like a wealthy building contractor. Like he had money, okay? He was a a fancy man who wore silk suits and a diamond pinky ring. It was said that he had many prominent friends with a New York City's politicians.


but it was also said that he had many friends within the quote hoodlums end quote. In other words, he had mob ties is what was rumored. Alice and Anthony, they attend a party together, And, it was on a boat that was docked and then the boat was gonna take off to The Bahamas. It was a Bon wait Bonia Bon Vage party. Am I saying that right? Oh, I hate me. Anyways, so it was a party on a fucking boat, okay? And then the boat was going to The Bahamas once the party was over. So the couple, you know, Alice and Anthony, they're gonna go together, they're gonna go have some fun on this boat, but while on the boat you see what happened was that Anthony and some other men at this boat party, quote unquote playfully locked some women in a bathroom on the boat.


So they're like, we're we should lock them. And then they locked them in there And. It's like, okay, cute. I think this was totally planned, but whatever. Lock them in there. Ha ha ha. It's so funny. Ha ha ha. And then guess what? The boat took off and set sail to The Bahamas. Hello sweetie. You have children at home, what are you doing? you know, like stupid, just really stupid. But they were like LOL, whoops. And like I guess the boat was set at sea for like quite some time, I think a week maybe. Yeah, she fucked up. And to be fair, Edmond was pissed. Do you blame 'em? No, no, not at all. With this one.


Well back at Alice's home, you know the babysitters watching her damn kids wondering where the hell Alice was at. So she ends up calling Edmond the baby, the babysitter, and she tells him like, Hey, Alice isn't home yet, okay, it's late. And she, the babysitter, she needed to leave like, hello, Thank you. So this pissed Edmond, obviously all the weight wolf. So he immediately goes to pick up the kids, takes them back to his mother-in-law's house, AKA Alice's mom's house, and decided that he was going to file a suit for full custody of the kids, which he did in June of 1965.


So Alice Carman's own mother even sided with him saying like he was a good man who would take care of the children. And Alice's mom, she was honestly not really fond of of Alice's behavior either, and she was all for him having custody of the kids. Honestly though, I think we can all agree this is, this was very stupid behavior on Alice's part. Swore it was an accident, but whatever, you know, it was just that one time. So a week before the custody hearing on July 14th, 1965, Alice went to wake her kids and found that little 5-year-old Eddie, Eddie Junior and 4-year-old Missy were not in their room.


What? Yeah, listen. So she kept the kids' door locked from the outside, which is kind of weird. I know I was thinking of too, she said it was to prevent chubby Eddie from coming out of his room at night and raiding the fridge. If, you look at a photo of little Eddie, he doesn't look chubby at all. Like what? But then again, I don't know what I'm, I don't know, what do I know? I know nothing. Anyways, but that's why she locked it from the outside because I guess Eddie Junior would wake up in the middle of the night and raid the fridge and she didn't want that anymore. But when she opened the kids' bedroom door that morning, she noticed obviously the kids were missing, but also that the beds had been slept in.


So like they were there and the casement window, you know the window and then like the beds, right? Casement window was cranked open about 75 degrees window open. Now remember that, okay, Alice remembered closing it the night before because there was a hole in the window screen and she wanted to keep the bugs out. So she's like, I know I closed it. So other than that, I mean her kids were missing and she didn't know what the hell to do. So she's in a panic. She picks up the phone calls admin and starts accusing him of taking them on the phone. She's just yelling at him like, don't play games with me, Eddie.


Like, don't fool around. Do you have them? They're missing freaking out as I'm sure any of us would do right? On the other end, Edmond was like, no, no, it wasn't me. Like he was just strongly denying taking the kids. But he was furious at her for neglecting the children quotes because the kids going missing was her fault. According to Edmond, after the two hung up, Edmond called the police, then headed over to the home. So then detectives show up, well, police and all them show up and let me tell you what a shit show this was. So a man named Detective Gerard Peering and his partner George Martin, met both parents at Alice's house.


Detective Peering decided this was gonna be his case. I mean he, at the time, he was up for a promotion and really had something to prove. So like this case was gonna be it. Okay? So when he gets there, like to the scene, there were already police at the, at the situation and one of the officers filled the detective peering in on like the little backstory that they got that the couple was separated in the, in the middle of like a custody fight. But that's all they really knew. Now it only took one glance at Alice for detective peering to know that something was up with her, okay? She did not look like a mother who just found out that her kids were missing.


Mind you, no note about Edmond's behavior. But okay, so when they got there, they took a look around the apartment And, it confirmed to the detective, you know, just the unfavorable impression he had of Alice around the apartment. They noticed that it was modestly furnished but neatly kept in the kitchen. A mental note was made of the bottles of alcohol that were in the trash can along with a box of macaroni. Now that's important. Remember the macaroni Thank you then Detective Peering saw in Alice's bedroom a few things that really caught his attention.


He's looking around. Hmm? He sees empty liquor bottle birth control pills and brass, not brass. Brass. I know. Oh, how dare she. Along with that, they found her address book, which was filled with contact information for numerous men. And this all stuck with Detective Peering who was said to be a straight laced Roman Catholic again, who just got a really bad feeling about this Alice lady. So they keep looking underneath her bed, they find like an overnight bag, which was kind of like her memory box.


It had dinner programs, little trinkets in it, just memories that documented her relationship with the Anthony Grace Guy, the boyfriend. you know, it was kind of that box that you keep in your house. Maybe you don't, maybe you do, but I know I have one, I have all my photos in there. Maybe letters, dinner menus, like, oh this was from our first date or something like, you know, stuff like that. you know what I'm saying? I know you know Thank you. So when Detective Peering saw this, it was said that these items disgusted him. How dare she have reser's birth control, like the birth control pills Probably really got him. Hello? The Brasier though seemed to really bother him and I don't know why.


Maybe he's never seen one before. No, he was like married with like six kids. So he had to take one off at some point or maybe he didn't. Again, this was just not helping her. Detective peering seemed to focus again on Alice and Alice only. It was noted that she was neither sobbing nor hysterical, but instead she was heavily made up and her hair was perfectly style. These are the notes that they're taking. I take better notes. The detectives also noted that Alice was sharply dressed looking chic in her outfit and high heeled white shoes. Again, no notes on how Edmond looked, but okay.


By his own recollection, detective Peering disliked Alice. The moment he saw her saying to his partner that quote, she looks like a cold bitch to me. End quote, detective Peering told his partner to interview the guy. End quote, I'll take the bitch. Yeah, if you haven't noticed, this guy's a real douche. Alice told detectives what took place the day before. She said in the afternoon she and the kids went for a picnic in the park, then returned home around 4:30 PM After that she made a phone call to her lawyer to go through some of the upcoming custody hearing stuff. And also she had other issues to, to discuss with him.


He had like another call or something. So he was like, Hey, I'll have to call you back. And then they hung up. So Alice went to the store to pick up dinner for that night, bringing home soda feel and beans. After dinner around 7:30 PM she called her lawyer again. After this, she took the kids for an evening drive. They drove by Edmond's home to see if he was there. I came across like mixed reasons as to why she did this. One reason said that Alice wanted to see if Edmond was home, because if he was then that meant he wasn't following her that evening and her anxiety could relax. Then I read another reason why she did this was to see if Edmond had like a lover at the house, she would do little drive by and be like, oh fuck that guy.


They had this like very just toxic love hate situation going on. But either way, she and the kids went for a drive when returning home, which was like within the hour. She then bathed the kids, got them ready for bed, and then at around eight 30 the kids set their prayers and went to sleep. Alice told detectives that once the kids were asleep, she called her boyfriend Anthony Grace. And this conversation didn't last long because he was going to the bar to have some drinks and she offered to come meet him, but he told her not to because he wasn't gonna be there. Long after hanging up the phone with Anthony, Alice said she got a phone call from another friend slash lover.


His name was Joseph Rourke. Now Joseph was a successful businessman who happened to be married with seven kids. Holy Toledo, I know these people will be having babies. Joseph called to ask Alice to come and have a drink with him and I guess she declined because at this time he was drinking too much and was just going downhill. He was getting sloppy. It just wasn't cute. It wasn't cute at all. Plus, on top of that, he was married. So I think that's a good reason why he just shouldn't, you know, Alice said around midnight she took Eddie Junior to the bathroom, then helped him back into his bed and then after that she couldn't remember if she locked the kid's door or not, you know?


But after this, Alice took the dog out for a walk and let her pee the dog. Alice said she had fallen asleep for a short while afterwards and then woke up around 2:45 AM She heard some kind of like loud noise. She said it wasn't concerning. So she didn't like check on the the children, but she heard the loud noise. So she hears this noise and now she's up and it's around like 3:00 AM She gets a phone call at 3:00 AM from Edmond who wanted to talk about the custody hearing. Yeah, at 3:00 AM make it make sense, I don't know, but she said the phone call didn't last long, but now like when they were done, she was up.


Okay? So she took the dog out for another walk, ran herself a bath afterwards, telling the detectives that she finally went to bed around 3:30 AM So that was Alice's version about like what she did that night.


When I'm hungry, I have a tendency to grab whatever is salty and near me, you know what I'm saying? But then I'm hungry again a few minutes later and my fingers are covered in orange cheese, dust. I'm licking them. I'm crusty and I feel like a mess. But that was before I found David. David is a protein bar with 28 grams of protein, zero sugar, and only 150 calories. I know, I know. I was like, what's the catch here? Because when you hear the word protein bar, usually our minds immediately go to like gym guys or like cardboard bars, you know? But David isn't just for post workout. Listen, hello, protein is for everyone. It's one of those nutrients that keeps you full. It keeps your energy steady and helps you avoid the crash and burn from sugary snacks. Most protein bars taste like cardboard, okay? But David comes in delicious flavor options. So, you can still feel like you're having a little afternoon treat. Listen, they got chocolate chip cookie dough, cake batter, double fudge brownie and blueberry pie. Ooh, they are so good. Chocolate chip cookie dough. Mm, delicious. I personally like to just throw them in my bag. That way if I'm ever tempted to grab some junk food, instead I grab a David protein bar. So if you're curious, head over to david protein.com and check it out for yourself. David protein.com.


Edmond was interviewed about his whereabouts that day. He told detectives that he had played golf that day. Then after he was done playing golf, he went to the the golf club area, the clubhouse thing and had a few drinks once he left the country club. What are they called? Golf club. You get it? Like where they have the bar and all that stuff at the golf course. Once he left that area, he drove past Joseph Roach's home to snoop around and see if Alice was there. He was aware of their situation. Remember he was listening in to their conversations. He knew anyways, she wasn't there that night.


So he decides to go to one of his local bars, which was said that he normally drank beer. But like on this night he was ordering gin and tonics and was said to be very loud. It was very unlike him. He normally wasn't loud. He normally wasn't drinking gin and tonics. Many speculated that perhaps he was trying to create an alibi by being super loud. Like, Hey everyone, pay attention to me because I'm gonna need you tomorrow when the police come. Yeah. Then around 3:00 AM he left the bar and went to Alice's apartment and there were some witnesses who said they actually saw Edmund watching the apartment from his car.


Hmm. A little creep, huh? But then there were others who said they saw him by the children's window. These things were mentioned that they were eyewitnesses, but like the detectives never went and like interviewed them, I don't know, considered them as eyewitnesses. He just took his his statement and they were like Thank you. And they did nothing with it. It was bizarre. But some people say they saw him outside by the children's window and the police were just like, okay, sounds, sounds like something he would do great. Thank you. He said he saw the lights on inside and decided to go home and call her to talk about the hearing.


Like, bro, it's past 3:00 AM Who calls someone to talk about a custody hearing at this time? 3:00 AM just the whole, okay, whatever. You two, get it together. So while they were being questioned, their home was being processed by forensics, which they did an awful freaking job. There were only a few pictures taken of the crime scene, like four. It seemed like you could probably count it on one hand how many pictures they took and they said it was because of the lack of instruction they got from officers. And also there were no fingerprints taken from the window sill. Remember the window in the kids' room was open 75 degree angle or whatever the hell, 75 degrees, it was open.


So most likely if they are missing, they probably, I don't know, just this is my amateur opinion, if the window's open, maybe they went out it, oh, I don't know, I'm no professional here. But they didn't take fingerprints or anything from that section that most likely if they were to go out the window, they would use their hand. you know what I'm saying? Dumb asses. I swear. Oh, get this, get this. So outside of the children's window there was a stroller with an empty box sitting in it. This wasn't processed or even considered as evidence either. It was said that there was one fingerprint collected that did not match either of the parents.


Now this didn't matter though. Nobody gave a shit because Detective Peering said that he was convinced that Alice, she had done something to her children. He just needed to prove it. Fuck that fingerprint. He said, fuck that fingerprint. Alice did it. So he gives her a test. So while at the scene, poor little Missy Crimmons body was discovered in a vacant lot. She'd been strangled to death. Yes, I'm sorry, awful. Detective Peering was told that the body of a little girl matching Missy's description happened found, but nobody told the parents.


I mean the detective was literally with Edmond and Alice at their apartment and they didn't say anything. They're like, oh, ten four, you know? Now instead this detective thought it would be a good opportunity to try and test Alice, see if she knew more than like she was leading on. So he puts her to the test and this is one sick test. So the detectives take Alice in the car with them and they drive to the vacant lot where Missy's body was found. Mind you, they did not tell Alice where they were going or that they even found a body. So imagine that. Instead they drove her to the scene where she was escorted directly to her 4-year-old daughter's body.


No warning, no heads up. The fuck Alice sees her daughter Missy lying on her side, dressed in her pj still with the pajama top wound and nodded around her neck. When Alice finally realizes what she is looking at, she says something along the lines of like, like it's, it's Missy. And then she fucking passes out. Also, there were police officers all around and also the press. So she found out her daughter had been murdered and and and had to Id her, her daughter in front of a bunch of strangers with no heads up.


Now the detective wanted to do this to see if she got like antsy or reacted in some kind of way. When they went to the vacant lot, that was what like the test was and no reaction besides when they took her to the body. So I hope that sick man is happy or so, I don't know, just like so shitty. Just so shitty. Who does that? That should be illegal. Maybe it is. I didn't look it up. I only know like in this story. So she passes out, the detective thinks she's just kind of being overdramatic and playing for the press who was nearby. So he's the whole time he is like this bitch. Any who. So after Alice IDs her daughter's body, they put her in the car and they drive her back to her apartment complex.


The detective noted that on the drive Alice did not cry Again, very odd behavior to them And. It is very odd behavior, but maybe she was fucking shocked to her core. I don't know either way it was very odd behavior to them. It was like this mother just suffered a major loss and she wasn't shedding a tear on the drive home. Like it just to them any normal mother would be devastated. I don't know. Have you ever cried so much that you just can't cry? Well, I don't know. I don't know what, I don't have children. I don't know how I would react. I don't think any of us know how it would, we would react really until you're in that position.


I don't know. It is weird that she didn't cry. Well again, there was like press at the vacant lot area, but the media had gotten word in general about what was going on. So there was a bunch of press lined up at Alice's apartment waiting for them to arrive at her place. Cameras in hand. So Alice like gets out of the car and she's photographed walking back to her apartment and she has tears in her eyes. But the detectives believed she was crying and acting up for the cameras and that it was all calculated like, oh, she knew exactly what she was doing.


Don't believe those crocodile tears. Wait, is that what it's called? Crocodile tears or alligator tears. But you know one of those guys who lives in like creeks and moats and shit. So they really were like, she's faking it. Don't believe her. She's faking it. Well now what? you know, shit. So they leave Alice for the night. I don't know if Edmond stays the night or not. I'm so sorry, I forgot to look that up. But either way, the next morning the detectives come back to question Alice some more and when they showed up, she had asked for a few more minutes to finish getting ready while they waited in the living room area for her, not a good look. This did not help her case at all because the detectives again were thinking, how could this woman be putting on makeup and getting ready when instead she should be grieving.


Plus at this time her son was still missing. And to them it appeared that Alice was just continuing on with her normal life. Like nothing ever happened. They just kept complaining about how she was acting. It's unfortunate because like this does not help. Oh, Alice? No. Okay, so there was an autopsy performed on Missy and the results raised even more suspicion. The contents of Missy's stomach showed that she hadn't eaten veal that night, but instead she had been fed macaroni. You remember earlier I said there was macaroni in the box, I mean in the trash can. Yeah, so there was macaroni in her stomach along with that, in her stomach there were carrots, beans, potato, and chewing gum in her stomach.


But remember how the macaroni box was found in the trash? Well, there were no photos taken of the freaking crime scene. So when Alice was like, yeah, we had macaroni that night because she kind of flip flopped in one interview. Well, in the original interview she said they had veal and in another interview she said that they had macaroni. But if someone would've taken a picture of the trash bin, I don't know, it could have like helped solidify the truth. But no, nobody wanted to do their job that day. Truly unfortunate, Missy had been strangled. There were no signs of sexual assault, but the medical examiner could not give an exact time of death. But speculated she had been dead between six to 18 hours and to investigators.


This meant that most likely she had been murdered between the hours of 10:00 PM and 4:00 AM It would be five days later that Eddie Junior's body was found. Now here's the sad part, like I could not find information like where his body was found or how anyone even found it. It was just like there was nothing. There was nothing I, I don't know. But he was found five days later. Now, poor little Eddie's body was so badly decomposed that they could not determine like a time of death and a cause of death could not be determined. Investigators believed he had most likely been killed around the same time as Missy.


Now both of the parents, Alice and Edmond were questioned a lot. The detectives tried to get something out of them even offering a lighter sentence. If one of them wanted to confess, they never did because they said there was nothing to admit. Alice and Edmond had ended up moving back in together to comfort each other through like their grieving. But Alice continued to date other men. The detectives decided it would be best to tap Alice's phone and have police follow her in hopes to like get evidence for their case. They believed Alice would have to have accomplices because the locations and times which the bodies were found meant that like someone else had to transport them at least one of the bodies.


So they believed like there had to be someone else who helped. So they're listening in, hoping to hear a conversation about payment or maybe a conversation about the crime. Just anything related. Instead, they got an earful of like sexually related conversations. I guess they heard many conversations with Alice in different men that were pretty spicy and this seemed to piss the investigators off even more. Of course it did. Although they used this against her, they went to her place of work and informed them that their employee, Alice Crimmins was a promiscuous woman who was suspected of murdering her two young children.


What do you think happens when a detective goes to your work and says that you're probably gonna get fired? And guess what? Alice got fired. Hey, thanks. Well, you know, then they went to Edmond and they let him know that Alice was entertaining other men in the bedroom. They felt it was their duty to inform him. Yes, their duty, duty. I don't know, I don't know. Sick. The fact that they went to her place of work blew me away. Like what? It's not like she's actually been like tried for it or anything. No, these assholes just wanted to ruin her life and they sure did.


For now, Alice had lost her children, lost her job. She's not doing well. She's actively trying to find work, which was hard because her name and fricking face were everywhere, newspapers everywhere. Plus the police were just straight up ruining her life. It was said Alice began drinking a lot. I don't blame her, but she began drinking a lot and started to like put shit together. She's realizing that these detectives are not trying to help her find out what happened to her children, but instead trying to pin these murders on her. She's like, wait a minute, wait a minute. She's realizing some shit On top of that, this is when she found out that her phone had been wire tapped.


I couldn't get clarification last you exactly how she freaking this out, but she did. When she realized this, every time she picked up the phone, she would speak to whoever was listening on the other end by saying something along the lines of like, hi boys. Dropped dead. Very polite. But she knew they were listening and they knew that. She knew that. They knew that she was listening.


The other day, I was on the website, Murderpedia, have you heard of it? Yeah. And here's something crazy I never realized. Over 4% of Murderpedia entries are related to life insurance. That's over 600 murders in the United States each year, okay? And the motive behind those murders was life insurance. Wild. Finding good life insurance at a low cost is a Mystery for most of us. Where do we even start? you know, what is life insurance? Well, thanks to select quote this Mystery is solved with select quote, you can protect your family's financial future with life insurance. Select quote is one of America's leading insurance brokers. With nearly 40 years of experience, they've helped over 2 million customers find over $700 billion in coverage since 1985. Other life insurance brokers offer one size fits all policies that may cost you more and cover you less while select quote can help you find the right policy for you. And look, everything is expensive these days with select quote, you'll find life insurance is more affordable than you think. With some policies costing less than a dollar a day. Head to select quote.com and a licensed insurance agent will call you right away with your right policy for your life and your budget. Select quote, they shop you save, get the right life insurance for you for less@selectquote.com slash makeup. Go to select quote.com/makeup today to get started. That's select quote.com/makeup.


Now they also notice because they're following Alice everywhere and listening to all of her freaking phone conversations and they did a little following when it came to Edmond. You see, Edmond had been acting pretty odd himself. Now his behavior always seemed like they had an excuse or something, or they just kind of, I don't know, let it go. It was bizarre. I don't, I don't know what their deal is. So Edmond, he was constantly asking police about their findings and what the medical examiner had to say. He was very interested in the investigation and because of this, it was weird. I'm giggling a little bit 'cause it's like he might just wanna know what happened to his kids.


I don't know, maybe they both just wanna know. But what do we know? Eventually the investigators asked Edmond to take a polygraph test, which he was like, oh yeah, no problem. I'll totally do that for you guys. But the day before it was supposed to take place, he was spotted at a local library reading many, many books about polygraph tests. Yeah, odd. Hmm. The next day he literally took the polygraph test and passed with flying colors, which is nice, like, okay, but what was that about and why didn't they ask him about it? I don't know. Because they didn't want Edmond to be the bad guy. I guess Alice told investigators that she was receiving anonymous phone calls from a man who's like making threats towards her.


And remember the police are listening in. So they, they even noted that the man on the phone sounded like Edmond. But Alice was still their focus time kept on going by. There were no suspects other than Alice and the case seemed to go cold. Maybe because they were focusing on the wrong person. But I don't know. What do we know? We don't know nothing. We stupid. Then the detectives receive an anonymous letter, which they believe was their break in the case. The letter was dated November 30th, 1966 And. it was from someone who claimed to be an eyewitness.


The night of the children's murder. The letter said quote, the night was very hot and I could not sleep. I went into the living room and was looking out the window getting some air. This was at 2:00 AM A short while later, a man and woman were walking down the street. This was like around Alice's apartment. The woman was about five feet and back of the man. She was holding what appeared to be a bundle of blankets that were white under her left arm and was holding a little child walking with her right hand. He hollered at her to hurry up. She told him to be quiet or someone will see us. At that moment, I closed my window, which squeaks and they looked up but did not see me.


The man took the white bundle and heaved it into the backseat of the car. The woman picked up the little baby and sat with him in the backseat of the car. This woman was then with dark hair. The man was tall, not heavy with dark hair and a large nose. This took place under a streetlight. So I was able to see it quite plainly. PS about one hour later I thought I saw the man getting into a late model white car. End quote. The first thing the detectives wanted to do was figure out who the hell sent this letter. They wanted to question this person. you know, they need some like actual eyewitnesses. It's like, please give us something. So within the letter they did find clues. I only read you a little snippet like I left out the other parts that were boring.


Boring 'cause there was just a bunch of street names and whatnot. But within the letter there were street names and different clues. So they used these clues to track down or locate like what apartment complex or whatever. What building this letter may have came from And. it led them to a, a woman named Sophie Raki. So Sophie was a middle aged woman who suffered from insomnia. She was known by her friends to be quite the exaggerator and an intention seeker. Yeah. When investigators interviewed her, her story seemed to change a little bit. Sophie told them that the woman that she saw that night said something along the lines of like, my God, don't throw her like that.


But the woman she saw, and she said this with confidence, she was like, it was Alice Crimmins, you know, And. It was like, okay, bitch. But like, why didn't you say this in the letter originally? if you If, you felt so confidently about it. Sophie had seen Alice around the neighborhood, but they didn't have much of a relationship besides that. I mean, investigators were like, Hmm. It's kind of weird that originally in the letter you described seeing a woman with dark hair, you know, Alice had lighter, reddish hair. But regardless, this was the break they were looking for. At the same time, they were trying to track down Sophie investigators were also trying to track down one of Alice's boyfriend's leathers.


Joseph Rourke, remember him? Joseph Police had heard some spicy phone conversations between the two and they wanted more information. When looking into Joseph's background, they saw that his business was going downhill. It was going downhill real quick, and he was drowning in a lot of debt. He had also written a handful of bad checks and was in some serious legal trouble. Plus, on top of that, he was having an affair with Alice and he was also married. So it was just like not a great look. When Joseph was interviewed, he recalled having a conversation with Alice where she was talking about her custody battle with her husband. And during this conversation, Alice said to Joe, this is according to Joe.


I'd rather see them dead than with Edmond is a quote. but it was just something she said stupidly. I think it's called a hyperbole. Anyways, you know the thing you just kind of say, you just say it, but you don't actually mean it. That's what he's told investigators. And then other than that, she had never said anything like directly incriminating to him according to Joseph. But detectives and whatnot, they wanted more. They weren't happy with this, this answer he just gave them. They felt like, we can get more from you, Joseph. So investigators brought up his criminal history and offered him immunity from his crimes.


Only if maybe, you know, he gave them some more information that would incriminate Alice. Now remember Joseph was in trouble from some serious crimes. So immunity, maybe I know a little something. I'm not sure. Let me think about it. Well, listen, bitch, all of a sudden he recalled, he was like, oh my God, it's crazy. I just had this like, that's a raven moment. He recalled that she had told him something that was quite damning with Joseph and Sophie's accounts investigators put together what they think or what they thought had happened.


They believe that night Alice was receiving help from a man with mob ties. They theorized that Alice strangled Missy because maybe Missy was in the way of Alice and one of her boyfriends getting hot and heavy that night, which must have just enraged her leading to her lover making a quick exit and never being heard from again. Then Alice made a phone call to her other boyfriend, Anthony Grace, and they decided that the call must have been about like Missy's killing Anthony according to them. Then made some phone calls to his mob friends for help. He told the quote unquote hoodlum to go over to Alice's place and silence Little Eddie.


And that's when Sophie spotted them leaving, believing that Missy was dead, being carried in a blanket and her older brother was walking behind. Where's the evidence? Where's the evidence? Did they even find a blanket at the scene? I don't even remember them finding a blanket at the scene. Oh, whatever. Listen to this. So on September 11th, 1967, it's been two years and two months after the death of her children, Alice Crimmins was arrested for first degree murder of her daughter. I know what, yeah, she was not being charged in her son's death because of how badly decomposed his body was.


It could not be medically proven that he had been murdered. Of course, bitch, the press was LA being this case. Oh, it had everything. Sex, murder, more sex. I don't know what else it had, but you know, they focused of course on Alice's looks, her tight fitting outfits and the fact that she worked. Again, this was a time when women should be homemakers and not moneymakers. Mm. She was branded as a manhunter and a lowly cocktail waitress who smacked gum loudly. Yeah, they were coming for her for how she's, she chewed her gum.


Isn't that wild? On top of that, of course, the media loved to focus mainly on her love life, which was causing moral outrage with the Raiders. One of the papers labeled her as sex pot on trial and described her as a quote, a misbehaving wife, a cce, an amoral woman whose many affairs appear symptomatic of America's sex revolution. End quote. So as you can see, nobody is actually coming through with evidence, you know, they're all just talking shit and rubbing her to treads and people following the story we buying into it, everyone was outraged by Alice Crimmins behavior and wanted her locked up.


It got to the point where Alice could not escape from the rumors and gossip that was all around her poor thing. The trial started in May of 1968, And. it was sensational to the extreme, partly because of the sex related testimony and partly due to Alice, her emotional outburst during the trial. Now get this, 'cause this was my favorite part. The jury was made up of 12 white conservative men. There wasn't a single woman on that jury, so I'm sure this is gonna go well. It's like what the fuck?


They're setting her up to fail. Nobody wanted to actually solve any murders and see like, who the hell killed these, these poor children. Nobody like, what the hell? Anyhow, when the physician who first inspected Missy's body testified, he started describing to the courtroom what he saw then going into detail about what Missy was wearing at the time. Alice out of nowhere, she like stood up and shouted, no. Yeah, and then she started to to cry. It was pretty loud. So the judge was like, girl, you better shut the fuck up and let this man finish his testimony.


So he went on and described the tie that was around Missy's neck and how it appeared to him. And again, Alice was crying uncontrollably and this caused a scene. Of course. So the the judge put the court in recess telling Alice to get the fuck together. Then Joseph Rourke took the stand. Oh yeah. Now this was deeply upsetting to Alice. He told the pact court that prior to the murders, Alice had discussed the custody suit with him and speculated that she might simply take off with the children if she thought she might legally lose them.


He also repeated her statement that she would rather see them dead than with Edmond. Later he said that the two lovers had been talking about the children and that's when Alice with tears in her eyes had sadly said, Joseph, please forgive me. I killed her. End quote. This was the additional information he gave to investigators when offered immunity for his crimes. So, I mean, if you wanna believe him, you can, but do you, you do. Get the fuck outta here. I'm just kidding. Look, a lot of people like did believe him. So when Alice heard this in the courtroom, she stood up and she screamed like, Joseph, how could you do this?


This is not true, Joseph, you of all people, oh my God. Like she was just going off. Nobody could calm Alice down And. it was not a good look to the jury. I guess it was said that literally the day before he testified, he asked Alice to marry him. So maybe this was retaliation for her saying, no, just a thought though. I don't know anything. Then Miss Sophie was brought in to take the stand. And, it was said. Her testimony was one of the most dramatic of all of them. Sophie said she had seen a woman carrying a bundle, a man and a little boy that night at her window.


He took the bundle, he swung it under his arm, and then he walked very quickly to the car. When she was testifying, it was said that the courtroom was sh sh sh shut. The flap was like shushing each other because like they were listening in anticipation, like leaning in like, what was this bitch gonna say? She was just a really good like storyteller. Whoever this guy was, took this bundle and threw it into the back of the backseat of the car. She ran over to him and she said, my God, don't do that to her. And then he looked at her and said, oh, now you're sorry. And she said, please, please, please don't, don't say that. So this was like a new little spin to her story.


It was like, okay, cool. When asked if she recognized the woman in the courtroom, Sophie instantly pointed her finger just like, boom, Alice. She said, that woman Alice Crimmins, Alice once again deeply offended. She jumped to her feet screaming like, you liar, you liar. I guess she said this like 10 times. The judge demanded that Alice once again get a freaking grip. I don't blame her though. Like, I don't know if you've ever watched someone lie about you to your like about in front of you. I don't know. It'd be hard not to like wanna fucking fight. I don't know.


I would beat this bitch. Sorry. Sophie's testimony was very popular with the courtroom and most of the people there were strongly convinced that Alice was indeed guilty. Alice's attorney has tried to point out inconsistencies between Sophie's story from what she told an investigators to the one she now told or was telling in the courtroom, but it wasn't looking good for them because people were like, we believe Sophie like her. She's not lying. We believe this woman. She is older and we trust her. And like, damn, that sucks. Then Alice took the witness stand in her own defense. Oh yeah, this could go really bad or really good, but most of the times it never goes well.


But look, she takes a stand. They took her through like her background and the troubles in her marriage. When the questions had turned to her children, it was said that Crimmins began to shake uncontrollably and tears began streaming down her heavily made up face end quote. Yeah, that's what they said. Again, nobody seems to be reporting on like, I don't know, like evidence and stuff. Like where was it? So after that, the judge declared a recess, but the trial actually had to be postponed until the next day because Alice on the stand had, I guess when she was done, she had fainted.


And I know this totally sounds like a soap opera or something, but she fucking fainted. Well, the next day she repeated the story. She had told the police about like the night of her children's disappearance. Alice strongly denied that she ever confessed to Joseph that she killed her daughter, Missy. It was everyone's word against hers And. it was, it was rough. Her boat was sink. Look, it didn't get better when she was cross-examined. They didn't have anything on her, you know? So the prosecutor just brought out every possible detail of Alice's sex life, knowing it was going to make her look bad. People were outraged by non-marital sex, especially done by a woman.


What was the point of even bringing up all this? I know, I don't know. That's all they had. As if that proved she killed her. Chil I, this whole story just like had me so livid because who killed the kids? Doesn't anyone wanna fucking know? Sounds like the detectives don't. When Alice left the stand, she knew she, she made herself look bad to the conservative old fashioned men who made up the jury. And indeed one of the jurors commented to another juror. A tramp like that is capable of anything. I know what you're thinking. They should get a mistrial over this.


Juror's comments and Allison's team tried to get a mistrial over these, these comments, but the judge denied that idea. After 13 days in court, the jury came back with a verdict of guilty of first degree manslaughter. Oh, what with what evidence? Just with Sophie's and Joseph. I guess the shock of the verdict caused Alice to lapse into a coma. I'm not kidding. She went to a full blown coma. She ended up in the jail hospital for two weeks after her conviction, then was transferred to prison when she, you know, got better.


When she arrived at the prison, it was said that she became like briefly hysterical. Then eventually she calmed down and she settled into the prison routine behind bars. Alice hired a new lawyer who was well known and well respected in New York City. Many people were confused that this guy like took the case because first of all, he's expensive as hell. And second of all, she was just a quote tramp, you know, you don't know. But now I'm telling you, that's what they, isn't that fucked up? That's just what they were calling her. But it turns out that the attorney was convinced of her innocence and offered their services free of charge.


The first thing the new attorney did was go to Queens County Supreme Court judge for bail on the grounds that there was a good chance the conviction would not stand. It was granted. And after 24 days in prison, Alice Crimmins was free, but it's not over yet. Okay? The second trial began in March, 1971, And. it was six years after the deaths of the Crimmins children. I mean, this time the stakes were even higher than they had been in the first trial, because now Alice was being charged with both murders, first degree murder of her son Eddie, and first degree manslaughter in the death of Missy.


Over the last couple of years though, here's the the kicker. The public had evolves. Women having sexual relations was no longer as shocking as it once had been. The woman's liberation movement was all the rage in 1971. And some early feminists, as well as many others, believed that Alice was being tried for her sex life and not for murder. Facts. Come on, Edmund Crimmins now divorced from Alice testified in this trial. He did in the first one too, but like nothing was like, there was nothing really said. And like, same with the second round.


Like there was nothing that implicated Alice. He stated that he had no feelings for her And. it was like that was it. He was like, what about you like taking your pants off and showing like you're dingling the kids at the park? You wanna talk about that? No, they didn't ask. Ain't that something, huh? It's literally the only thing I could find about like Edmond be besides that. It was kind of a joke. Detective Peering testified where he added something new. He added some spice to his statement. He said that Alice had told them during their drive, the children were acting up in the back of the car and she swung and hit the girl end quote.


That sucks, man. That fucking sucks. Everyone's against you. What If you? She didn't kill her kids, you guys, you ever think about that? Guess who else took the stand? Anthony Grace, the boyfriend and the prosecutor repeatedly asked him if she had requested any help that night and if he had sent anybody over to that apartment, he denied that he had anything to do with the children's deaths. Once again, Sophie came back for a dramatic testimony. you know, she gave her testimony about the people she had seen from her window again. She was asked to identify the woman in the courtroom and she replied, Alice Crimmins, ugh, like pointed like a psychopath.


But Alice Crimmins stood and shouted saying like, it's not, you're a liar and God's name tell the truth. The judge like used his gavel. Oh, it was loud, sorry, brush the judge Gaveled for order, but she continued screaming. She was like, you're a liar. You swore to tell the truth. Do you know what the truth is? Again? The judge asked Alice to get a grip on herself and then declared a recess. And when they came back, Alice's attorneys attempted to poke holes in Sophie's statements by raising doubts about her mental health. I guess at one point Sophie had overdosed on tranquilizers and she like had to go to the hospital, get her stomach pumped.


It was very dramatic. She denied it was a suicide attempt, but he tried to get the jury to see that, you know, maybe she wasn't mentally well. Then he questioned her about the dialogue she had heard that night from Sophie's window to like where she saw the people talking was a pretty far distance. So the attorney asked her like, were they speaking loud or were they yelling? And Sophie had responded like, no, they were talking in normal tones. And then Alice's attorney was like, So, you heard their conversation from like 200 feet away. You must have magic ears. Wow. And Sophie told them that like she could hear conversations from her window all the time, because the acoustics carry differently in the area.


The acoustics carry differently in the area. Oh, is that what it is? I dunno, it was a little suspicious, but okay girl, I don't know, but like people weren't riding that hard for Sophie this round, which is nice. Once again, Joseph took the stand and said that Alice said quote, forgive me Joseph, I killed her. Alice stood up again yelling, you're miserable lying worm. I like that worm. But you know, she's, it's like, girl, you gotta stop. Stop. So a surprise witness appeared. What? Yeah, surprise. Witness, a short and petite housewife named Tina Devita.


I know. Good name, good name. Tina Devita. I'm Tina Devita and I'm here to testify. I swear to tell the whole truth, nothing but the truth and whatever else I need to say. Thank you. She testified that she had seen a group consisting of a man carrying a bundle, a woman, a dog, and a boy walking in the area of the Regal Gardens apartment that night. But like, nobody knew who she was. Like nobody knew where she came from. It was like, okay, and you are, you know, bizarre. During a recess and a moment of desperation, Alice went to the, the reporters that were all hanging out to make a plea to the public.


She was like, you know, on the verge of tears. Her voice was all like shaky and sad and she pretty much just spoke directly to the public. She was like, I've come here to make an appeal. I'd like anybody that lived in my neighborhood to come forward, anybody that lived in my neighborhood who might know something about what happened on the night of July 13th or the morning of July 14th. Anybody that saw something or didn't see something, but I'm asking for help. I didn't kill my children. I swear I didn't kill them. End quote. That was a direct quote, I know, but she was like pleading Alice had been ordered to not do any press interviews. The judge warned her that if she did that again, her bail would be revoked and she would go right back to jail.


So she needed to shut the fuck up, is what he keeps telling her over and over again. It sucks. Then the next day, another surprise witness appeared this time it was the prosecution's side that was worried by this testimony. The witness was a man named Marvin Weinstein. He worked as a travel agency manager. He told the court that he had been walking on 150 third street in like the wee hours. The night the of the murders. That specific night he had been visiting a friend and he was with his wife, son, daughter, and dog.


Oh, what? Yes. He went on to say that at the time, if son was three and a half and his daughter was two years old, and that he had carried his little girl and his arms wrapped in a blanket and had his wife and the dog walking, and it's like, could this be the people that Sophie and Tina Davida, whatever the hell her name is, could have seen that night. Are these the people? I'm just saying, I mean that he wa yeah, he was like, yeah, I was there. That was me. Alice's attorneys were torn, like if she should take the stand in her own defense again. I mean they knew that usually juries held it against defendants when they remained silent. But the last time that she was on the stand, they just focused on her sex life and they would probably do it again.


So her attorneys went to the judge and asked that she not be questioned about her sexual history because it had nothing to do with the murders and the judge denied this request. I know. Fuck this judge. So they decide it would be best if Alice did not take the stand. They're like, girl, you sit with this one out, you've, you've dealt with a lot. Instead, Alice's team wanted to focus on discrediting Sophie and Joseph's statements. So they asked the jury to question Sophie's claims, pointing out that her story had changed dramatically from her original letter to detectives. Then they pointed out a doctor's report that said Sophie had neurotic tendencies to subconscious exaggeration.


If I were on the jury, I'd be like, what the fuck does that mean? But really they asked the jury to like really think about the statement that Sophie could hear people talking in normal tones from 200 feet away, you know, saying that they don't need a doctor to explain what kind of hearing it would take for someone to actually be able to hear the conversation clearly as she did, it had been 60 years of torture, all because of that letter that Sophie had sent. Prosecutors came back and told the jury she doesn't have the courage to stand up here and tell the world she killed her daughter.


It was very dramatic. Alice stood up, she was crying and yelled back like, because I didn't kill my daughter. Then Sherry came back with a verdict and baby girl, it was harsh. Alice Crimmins was found guilty of first degree murder in Eddie Jr's death and first degree manslaughter when it came to Missy's death. When the verdict came out, the courtroom absolutely lost it. Lots of tears and upset. And of course poor Alice, when she heard the verdict, she just tapped out. She was crying, yelling like, dear God, no, please.


Like why? The second trial of Alice Crimmins had ended and she went to prison for what everyone assumed would be the rest of her life. She had served more than two years. When she was released in 1973, the Supreme Court in Brooklyn reversed her conviction in Eddie Junior's case ruling that there was no evidence of murder in the first place. They also reversed the manslaughter conviction. In Missy's case. Remember the prosecutor's claim? They said she didn't have the courage to stand up there to tell the world as she killed her daughter. Now this was suggesting that Alice was admitting guilt and they were like, because of this comment like this, she, they got her out of it, is what I'm saying.


And mind you, you have the right to not testify. You don't have to testify And. it shouldn't be used against you. Just when she thought like things were okay. February, 1975, the court of appeals upheld the reversal of the murder conviction, great, but reinstated the manslaughter conviction and sent her back to prison. Yes, back to prison. She goes, that was not the end of the saga. This is like such, so much drama. How exhausting. In 1997, a New York tabloid broke the story that Alice was participating in a work release program.


And I mean, there are other inmates who do the program as well, but you know, she's gonna be the one who is reported on. She was allowed every other weekend free. She was also given permission to marry her boyfriend, Anthony Grace. It was said that he would visit her at least once a week in prison, but the two they got married and newspapers showed photos of the newlywed with her husband on a beautiful yacht. And they're like the newlyweds and like how dare she? She still couldn't like avoid the public eye and their disapproval of everything she was doing. Even some New York politicians stepped in and made comments to the media that she should not be paroled is gross always by men.


In November, 1977, after being in prison for more than three years, Alice was released on parole. What? Yeah. Well Alice, she's, she's angry. She wants vindication, but her appeal for a new trial was denied. And the courts rule that she could appeal no more, no more appealing for you. They're like, end it. Look, Alice was convicted of murder. Yes, but many had the question why? Regardless, Alice was labeled as Alice Crimmins, the child killer, never labeled as someone who maybe was innocent as a mom, as a person.


She was always like a fucking tramp. It was like, just like so lame. She had been found guilty by the press and public way before she ever went to trial. Many believed that she was on trial for again, her sex life rather than murder. And there was never any evidence that actually tied her to the crimes. And unfortunately nobody actually tried to solve the murders. There were no other suspects considered. No. The detective work was laughable, the witnesses were unreliable. There was so many unanswered questions when it comes to this case. Like it's, huh? Like why wasn't Edmond investigated more?


Why didn't he at least get arrested for taking his pants off and showing kids his dingling? It's not funny, but you know, what the fuck was that about? Like this dude was creepy and he obviously was up to something reading about polygraph tests before you take a polygraph test. I mean, you could say you wanna do like a little bit of research, but why didn't they try to find the owner of that one fingerprint they found at the scene? Ah, so many questions, no answers. Alice tried to spend her life staying out of the public eye with her husband Anthony, but the deaths of like little Eddie and Missy remained a puzzle, a complete Mystery and technically is unsolved to this day.


Look, here are my closing thoughts here. I just was interested in this story because it was obvious from the very beginning. I mean, even the detective said like, I don't like her, I don't like her, you know, and he went right after her. And I just feel like, I don't know, like what's more sad is that it was never about the children. You just heard how it went. It was all about hating on Alice and like, what about the kids? Didn't anyone wanna solve that Mystery? Oh my gosh, it's sickening. It's so sickening. And where was the evidence that linked Alice to the crimes? Like what the fuck was wrong with these people? I don't know what happened to Edmond afterwards because no reporting was like done on that guy.


No one cared. I hope like Alice Crimmins found peace and closure and honestly fuck these people. I'm sorry she had to go through that. It's just crazy. I mean, do the show Dark History and it's kind of similar, like there's a lot of little witch hunts throughout history and this is another example of that where it's just like, oh woman, pretty bad, sex bad. Like it's just stupid. It's so dumb. We're over it. So stop. Anyways, I love you guys. let me know who you want me to talk about next time. But other than that, I, hope you have a good, good rest of your day. You make good choices.


Please be safe out there and I'll be seeing you guys later. Goodbye.