(0s):
How's your car looking showing its age faded? Paint dents, dings. Don't worry. Mako is here to help. They're the experts in affordable paint jobs and light collision repairs, helping you keep your car looking its best without breaking the bag. With Makos National Reach and Community Focus, you're not just getting top-notch service, you're actually getting a partner you can trust. Visit your local Mako today and see how they can refresh your ride. Go in, get the free estimate and the expert technicians will handle the rest. Uhoh better, get Mako

(31s):
At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive, the hatchback that took you cross country and back, and the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust. Amica Auto Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.

(1m 0s):
Hi friends, how are you today? I hope you are having a wonderful day so far. My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday. So you know what that means. It's Murder Mystery and Makeup Monday. Welcome. Hi, how are you? I hope you're having a good day Today We're talking about the Candyman. Yeah, you know the Candyman. Sheesh. Let's get into it. Horror, horror movies. You know who Horror? Not horror. Horror. Okay, great movies. That's where today's episode is. Is gonna take us. And like, you know, If you pay attention, you know how the drill, the drill of horror movies go, it's like always a creepy building.

(1m 41s):
There's like a killer lurking around. There's always a helpless woman. She's like, oh my god, no. And then there's always some kind of like terrifying plot twist when you think about it. It's the formula that made the movie The Candyman an instant cult favorite. When it came out in 1992, it was about like a, a creepy serial killer who was like haunting the Chicago tenement area and he was being summoned via the bathroom mirror. Which is funny when you think about it. It's not funny. It's just like how come growing up like, well with the Candyman specifically, it was like If you go into the bathroom and you said his name five times, like Candyman Candyman, like he would come through the bathroom mirror like what's her name?

(2m 25s):
What's her name? Bloody Mary. Remember her. Anyways, what I'm getting at is that, you know, we all did that shit, but what was even more horrifying is that the Candyman, it turns out like mimics a true case that happened in the Chicago projects back in April of 1987. So April 22nd, 1987. So on that day, that's when Ruthie Mae McCoy had dialed 9 1 1 to report that someone was coming through literally through her bathroom medicine cabinet. What?

(3m 5s):
Yeah, so police would often get phone calls from Ruthie May's neighborhood, which was on the west side back then, like they were always getting phone calls. The crack epidemic had, you know, crime rates were just going through the roof and there were tons of different gangs out there who were controlling the drug trade from Chicago's worst public housing projects. Most of the households there were headed by single black mothers. But Ruthie, she was 52 years old and she lived alone and she lived on like, on like the 11th floor apartment in a complex called Abbott Homes. Abbott was actually a cluster of like seven high rises in a sprawling mass of housing projects that locals called the Village or they would just call it the V.

(3m 55s):
There was like nothing cozy about this area and there were thousands of people who lived there. And sadly violence was like an everyday occurrence here. So compared to the rest of Chicago in this area, like your chances of being mugged, assaulted, robbed, raped, murdered or anything, it like more than doubled once you set foot in this area called the village. And in fact the number of violent crimes alone hit 4,228 in the CHA projects that year. Like holy shit, right? So it was said that like Ruthie may, she never ventured outside without something for protection.

(4m 34s):
Like usually a stick, not that really being inside was any safer really. So Abbott's 15 story towers were among the first that the Chicago Housing authority CHA had built when it began developing like huge public housing projects back in the 1940s and the fifties. Originally, CHA proposed housing impoverished families in like little pocket developments scattered throughout safer middle class white neighborhoods. But you know the big guys in charge, they didn't like that idea. Of course they didn't. So they squashed that real quick and they're like, hey, let's like clump cheap ginormous eyesore in like the bleakest parts of town and give minority applicants no other option.

(5m 25s):
So this choice like would later lead to a landmark federal lawsuit that held the CHA accountable for racial segregation and discrimination.

(5m 39s):
Last year Save more Money was the most popular New Year's resolution in America. I mean, yeah, always right? In today's world it feels like everything costs so much between groceries, bills, tips on freaking self-checkout machines, it feels like money just doesn't go as far and I think we can can all agree on that good thing. There's Acorns, the sponsor of today's episode. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing so your money has a chance to grow for you, your kids and your retirement. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that fits you and your money goals and you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you invest with the spare money you've got right now. So you can start with $5 or even just your spare change. I feel like there's always this pressure to financially invest in our future, but most of us, by the time the bills are paid, I mean there isn't much left over so it kind of feels pointless to try. But that's why I like Acorns. You can create your Acorns account and start investing in just five minutes. With the money you have now you can create your Acorns account and start investing in just five minutes with the money you have now with Acorns, you don't need to feel like financial wellness is impossible. Head to acorns.com/makeup or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future. Today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier one compensation provided investing involves risk. Acorns advisors LLC and SEC registered investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash makeup.

(7m 29s):
So, but Ruthie may, she had moved to Abbott after getting flooded out of her basement apartment in a different project area. So she moved into this Abbott area and it was such, she hated it from the get go. You know, it was rough. There were like gang bangers there and they would like roam the halls at all hours. There would be loud music playing, there'd be partying in vacant apartments and a lot of the vacant apartments were turned into like drug dens I guess break-ins were very common and CHA was really slow to replace locks. So it's like even when you asked for help you couldn't even, you couldn't get help. So part of this like original village concept meant that there were no through streets around Abbott.

(8m 14s):
I guess this was supposed to create a nice space for kids to like run around and parents to socialize. But at the end of the day, like that pedestrian plaza only made it harder for police to reach the towers and like get you If you need help. And it also made it easier for people to jump you. Abbott was controlled by a gang called the pay masters and any tenant that the pay masters thought needed like a reminder of who was in charge would get their front door doused with gasoline and then set on fire. Yeah, the char doors made people think twice before reporting like any crime they happen to witness or like suspect and people were just like, you know, scared of retaliation so they wouldn't report anything.

(9m 2s):
So on Ruthie May's floor there were only four of the 10 apartments that were legally occupied. The rest were boarded up or they were taken over by the pay masters. So it wasn't just like, you know, the drugs and gangs that made life in the projects pretty hellish. The CHA had stacks of complaints from residents. I mean literally stacks like the sewage would back up in broken toilets. The boiler systems didn't work for for weeks in the dead of winter. So they're like freezing your ass off. People got exposed to mold and to lead from the paint that peeled off the walls. Chunks of plaster sometimes would just like fall from the ceilings.

(9m 45s):
Trash would pile up in building basements because the chutes on each floor were like too narrow to handle the debris of so many people crammed into a single building. So one of the most like upsetting problems for residents was I guess the elevators. I mean they were always outta service and CHA logged over 1500 elevator repairs one year and just a single building, let's rebuild shall we? Great. So at Abbott, like taking the stairs was, well that was like one your only option two, it was very dangerous because I guess the stairwells were really dark and they were enclosed and with Ruthie May she had high blood pressure and she also had heart problems and she lived on the 11th floor.

(10m 30s):
So like going up and down 11 flights of stairs was not something she could easily handle. I guess she had like repeatedly banked CHA to move her to a lower floor, but the answer was always no. Even though Abbott had a 30% vacancy rate, so it's like what the fuck? Right, right. Ruthie's subsidized rent was $46 a month and I mean she couldn't find like a decent place on the private market for that price. There's no way. So she was just feeling really stuck and it wasn't just her physical health at Ruthie struggled with, she also had a mild form of schizophrenia. She wasn't psychotic or hallucinating, but people who knew her said that she could, sometimes she would get paranoid and agitated, especially if she wasn't taking her medications.

(11m 18s):
And you know, the teenagers in the area, they weren't very nice, especially like the rowdy ones. They were known to harass her and then they would just call her crazy old lady. According to Steve Bora in the Chicago reader, he was like the only reporter to cover the story when it happened. I guess the local police, they weren't unfamiliar with Ruthie, they had come over like on occasion when she would get into fights with like the young kids who were fucking assholes to her. So Ruthie like wasn't afraid to stand up for herself is really what I'm getting at. So it's Wednesday night, it's like 8:45 PM Ruthie, you know, she's home alone. So she gets startled because she hears some noises coming from her bathroom.

(12m 2s):
She thinks someone's like breaking in. So she dials 9 1 1, she states her address and then she immediately asks for Chicago police. So Ruthie ends up telling the dispatcher that the people next door had pulled their cabinets out. So the operators is on the phone like I don't get, I'm not understanding like what you're saying, I don't get it. Ruthie explains that she lives in the projects and they were trying or someone was trying to break into her apartment through the bathroom. The dispatcher asked for her address and like Ruthie ends up repeating it and this time she makes a point to say that the elevator's working. So take the elevator 'cause you know normally it's not.

(12m 42s):
So she provides her name when asked and the dispatcher promises to send a police officer like right away. So then at 8 47 then the dispatcher assigns a patrol car to go out to Ruthie's address. It isn't given the high priority it would've gotten if the call had been correctly logged as like a break in in progress. So they ended up like taking their time. So at 9:02 PM another woman calls 9 1 1 and reports hearing gunshots from Ruthie's apartment. Two minutes later there's another neighbor who calls 9 1 1 and also reports like the same thing at 9, 10, 25 minutes after Ruthie Mae McCoy called for help, four officers arrive at her apartment.

(13m 25s):
So they're at her door and they're shouting like police and like they're pounding on her door but no one's answering. So then they, the police, they radio dispatch and they ask the operator to call Ruthie Maybach because they quote think somebody might be inside holding somebody. So dispatch dials ruthie's number and the four cops, they listen like they can hear the phone inside just ring and ring and ring but nobody picks up. By this 0.2 more officers had rolled up and they head over to the management office, the management office of like the, the building and this office is like a block away and they try and get a key for the apartment 1, 1 0 9.

(14m 12s):
So they get the key, they go back and I guess the key doesn't fit the lock gotta be frustrating. So officers they end up knocking on nearby doors like the neighbors and whatnot but that doesn't lead anywhere. The neighbors down the hall, they say they didn't see or like hear anything, they have no idea what's going on. So then someone else tells the officers that there is an elderly woman who lives in 1 1 0 9 and that you know, she always answers her door. So it's kind of weird that she wasn't one of the officers relays this back to dispatch and adds quote, I don't know if maybe she answered to the wrong person or what. So then the police on the scene, they contact the building janitor to see if like maybe they have a key but no, so of course they don't.

(14m 57s):
So then at 9:48 PM the police, they leave. They're like, all right, guess we're going like, I don't know, shouldn't they bust down the door or something? You would think no, I don't know. I don't know how that works but like you would think. So the next evening a neighbor named Deborah who Ruthie was friendly with, she calls police to say that she's worried about Ruthie. 'cause normally every day Ruthie would like stop by every morning on her way out. And then again when she got home in the afternoon every day. But on April 23rd, I guess Ruthie hadn't stopped by at all and like this was concerning enough that she called police.

(15m 38s):
Okay, so the police show up at Ruthie's and this time like half a dozen officers come by and they're at Ruthie's house with four or five CHA security guards. So they knock on Ruthie's door and they're calling her number, her phone number, ring, ring, ring, no response. So reports show that most of the police officers agreed at this point that they should break down Ruthie's door, but the douche bags at CHA security. Well the security guards, they were like, no, they argued against it. They don't want like the liability if the tenant sues.

(16m 18s):
And technically since the police they didn't have a warrant and they weren't in an active pursuit of like a criminal, which gives like the justification for breaking in. Police kind of were like, okay, all right. And then they left again, they left again. I just feel like they should have broke down the door. And at this point you would think, I don't know, you would think anyways, the next day you know that same neighbor Deborah, she's still concerned. So she notifies the project office that you know she's really worried about Ruthie May's welfare and someone needs to check on her. So around 1:00 PM a project official brings a carpenter around to drill through Ruthie's lock.

(17m 6s):
So they're getting in, okay, so they're able to get in, they open up the door and inside they see Ruthie may sprawl dead on her bedroom floor in a pool of blood. So there was an autopsy done and it showed that she had been shot four times. One bullet had passed through her left shoulder, another through her left thigh and there was a third bullet that had pierced her liver on its way through her ab her abdomen. Abdomen, side note, I hate that word. Abdomen. I don't know why it's so hard for me to say. Abdomen. Abdomen. There was an a fourth shot that went through her right arm and into her chest where it like severed a major vein to the lung.

(17m 48s):
Her lung and like I, I guess that was the fatal shock. So the official cause of death was internal bleeding. But like she was shot to death. You know the medical examiner concluded that Ruthie may probably, sadly, unfortunately she didn't die like immediately poor thing. But like she wouldn't have stayed alive for long after she was shot. And it was unlikely that she, she would've made it even if she had gotten, you know, swift medical attention. 41 hours after she called 9 1 1 after more than a dozen officers and half as many CHA employees stood outside her door and then walked away. Ruthie May's body was already beginning to decompose by the time they reached her.

(18m 35s):
Do you guys remember wearing Waldo? You know the books from grade school? Ah, so much fun. I spy. Do you remember I Spy? Ah, I loved those games but recently, not even recently, a couple years ago I found this game that it it, it's giving Wares Waldo but better. It's called June's Journey. So it's all about using our observational skills to find hidden clues. Okay And then uncover Dark Secrets. June's journey, it's a journey. It really is the main character of the game. June is on a mission to unravel the truth behind her sister's mysterious death. So you'll step into her shoes as you uncover family secrets at her sister's estate. The game is set in the 1920s. So you're essentially looking for hidden objects in in these like gorgeous scenes in New York and Paris. And every clue brings you closer to the truth. Plus each chapter reveals captivating mysteries and new characters. You can collect scraps of information to fill your photo album and learn about like each character as you try to solve the Mystery. Lemme just tell you it's really fun just looking for shit in this game because it's really visually pretty. That is all. Plus there's also a whole community around the game. Oh yeah, there is. Look, join a detective club to chat and play with others or you can even compete in the detective league to test your skills against fellow sleuth. Discover your inner detective when you download June s Journey for free today on iOS and Android.

(20m 15s):
So who was Ruthie may Lemme tell you. So Ruthie Mae McCoy, she had been born in Arkansas but she ended up moving to Chicago as a child. She was one of nine in her family and she dropped out of high school in 10th grade and started showing signs of mental illness in her twenties. I guess she was like talking to herself, she'd be cursing at strangers, she was having like angry outbursts and yeah, it was just sad it was going untreated as well. When Ruthie was 27 she ended up having a daughter named Venita. But I guess like the father didn't stick around because of Ruthie's illness, you know, so Venita was mostly raised by her family, her relatives.

(20m 58s):
Sometimes Ruthie would work a month or so as a housekeeper or she would work like as a laundromat attendant, but that never lasted. I guess they wouldn't last long and most of her adult life she would be on public assistance, which she would receive a freaking measly $154 a month. Like thanks, what's that gonna do? So she and her daughter Venita, they managed to like maintain a good relationship despite you know, everything. And then eventually I guess Venita, you know she grows up, she gets older Venita her boyfriend and their two children, they end up sharing Ruthie's two bedroom apartment at Abbott.

(21m 38s):
But I guess the friction between Ruthie and Nita's boyfriend, it was just too much and they ended up moving out friends and neighbors. They would say that like after that Ruthie just kind of was going downhill. She was spiraling really. She seemed really depressed or upset all of the time. Her neighbors noticed that she was like losing a lot of weight. She'd be out on the street or in the hallways like shaking her stick and just cussing at people and it was clear that she wasn't taking care of herself. I guess there was one neighbor who started to notice her. Her behavior was a little bizarre, a little odd. Like one neighbor had spotted her outside making snow angels.

(22m 21s):
It was like below freezing outside, okay. And she spotted Ruthie outside making snow angels, you know, and it was like, oh and then on hot summer days they would see Ruthie outside bundled up in like layers of heavy winter clothes and it was kind of clear that like her mental health was going downhill. It was getting worse and worse and Ruthie was becoming just more and more vulnerable. So I guess like Ruthie was su just paranoid about locks. She would always like jiggle doors. She would go up to all of her neighbor's doors and just jiggle them. Just jiggle random doorknobs. She would like go up to cars and you know, trying to open them up to see if they're locked or not.

(23m 5s):
And it would like set off the, the car alarms and if like a door was unlocked she would go find the person and then lecture them that they need to lock their doors. Which fair but like it was a lot. She was just really paranoid is what I'm getting at. And she was like living in constant fear of being like mugged or burglar, burglarized burglarized. So Venita, remember Ruthie's daughter, she ended up telling journalist Steve Quiera that her mother had complained to CHA in like 1986 that someone had kicked through her medicine cabinet via the one next door and burglarized her. Which might sound confusing but I'll explain.

(23m 46s):
In August of 1986, Ruthie ended up in a state psych ward and her medication, she got on medications, they were adjusted and they kept her for about a month and then she was discharged and she was referred to like an outpatient daycare at the Mount Sinai Psychiatric Center which offered a free shuttle van like to and from the projects. So it was like this is like really good for her because Ruthie started going to the center like three times a week and it was making a huge difference in her life. She's on the proper medications, she's starting to trust that there's no one out there who wants to get her. Ruthie became just like now the community or the the center's like mother hen social workers told the Chicago reader that she liked working on arts and graphs and would participate in group therapy.

(24m 40s):
She would give advice to like the local younger girls. She was even studying to earn her GED and Ruthie had talked about like someday finding a job in the health field, like maybe even becoming a nurse herself. So when she first went to sign up for to take GED classes, I guess her teacher was like a little confused as to why Ruthie was there. She was like, why would you sign up three times a week for these classes? Like why would you start your academic career after 50? Like being judgmental thank is this woman serious? But the answer was yes. Like Ruthie surprised everyone with how fast she picked up everything. She took workbook home and she religiously completed like every assignment.

(25m 21s):
She was on track to earn her degree before Thanksgiving but sadly she was murdered that spring. It was so sad. So there was a social worker who was working with Ruthie, you know how confusing the whole government system can be, it's confusing as hell. They make it super difficult. But there's a social worker who was like helping Ruthie collect supplemental social security SSI is for people with like physical or mental handicaps and the additional assistance would help out. Like it would more than double Ruthie's income to $340 a month. Ruthie cashed her first check just two months before she was killed.

(26m 4s):
So with this extra money, which I'm sure we can all agree is is not a lot, but with this extra money, like Ruthie was able to buy some new clothes, like a plain winter coat, nothing fancy. She also got a few like cheap little odds and ends for her apartment and I guess like her neighbors had noticed and she even seemed more confident and upbeat, you know, nice. She just seemed, she seemed better, like she was doing a lot better. So Venita her daughter remember So Venita told Steve Orge at the time her mother was keeping like any of the extra money that extra cash at home and she was like stacking it hoping to add a little bit more each month because you know she was talking, Ruthie was talking about putting the projects behind her and like hopefully moving to a better place.

(26m 51s):
Okay, so back to the crime scene. The only things that were missing at Ruthie's house was her cane backed rocking chair, her 19 inch color TV and her phone, well and her medicine cabinet, a detective went out there and interviewed the people next door in apartment 1 1 0 8. Now next door these were actually squatters living there. So he goes in and he checks the medicine cabinet in their bathroom and it was like super secure. There was no evidence that was taken from this place. I don't know, he didn't know what he was looking for. Well I mean the detective said like he knew he wasn't gonna find anything because they knew the people next door that they knew like police were going to investigate sooner or later and they had a two day head start to, to get rid of anything incriminating.

(27m 40s):
Like plenty of time to clean up a crime scene if there was one. Here's how the bathroom situation worked 'cause it's kind of, it was confusing at first but so at the end of each corridor in the Abbott Towers, the two end apartments had bathrooms that like butted up to each each other. So If you unscrewed a handful of screws and you took down your medicine cabinet, you could see the back of your neighbor's cabinet through the hole. There was like I guess this narrow two and a half foot long crawl space in between. It was supposedly designed this way so like plumbers could, you know, access the pipes more easily if they needed to be repaired. It definitely made it easier for unfortunately home invasions 'cause they could like get into this crawl space and like get out.

(28m 22s):
When pressed by that reporter Steve Bora, a CHA official admitted that they had reports of quote, fewer than 10 and probably around seven medicine cabinet break-ins over a span of 18 months. Could you imagine though like you're just like in your room minding your own business and someone is crawling through your medicine cabinet. There was no cash that was found in Ruthie's apartment except for like some spare change that I guess was scattered on the floor beside her body. Ruthie was found with one shoe off and the other on, and her right hand was like laying across her bloody chest. Poor Ruthie, she was like getting her life together.

(29m 3s):
Finally getting a, a chance was taken from her. You know, Ruthie wasn't like a frail woman, she was five foot 11 and she was around 250 pounds and everyone knew like she wasn't afraid of confrontation but there wasn't like when they observed her body and whatnot, there wasn't any mention of defensive wounds. And the autopsy found that there were no signs of sexual assault. So police are canvassing the Abbott area, right, for possible witnesses. And they learned that there were several people who had spotted two guys who were like carrying around a rocking chair and a TV around to different apartments and even like a different building.

(29m 43s):
And they saw this like right after the murder and even in the early hours the next morning they're like, okay, tell us more. There was a scrawny guy, sorry to call him scrawny, but he was, he was on probation for drug charges and he stepped forward and said that he had been in apartment 1 1 0 8, which was like the apartment right next door to Ruthie's the night of the murder. His name was Tim Brown and he said that he knew the woman who had like moved out of the apartment and I guess like she had given him the key, so that's why he was there. He said that like him and his friends would sometimes crash there, I don't know, but that's why he was there.

(30m 23s):
So Tim Brown was telling this to the police and they're like, Hey can you come downtown and like, like write down your account and sign it. So then several hours go by and Tim Brown, he ended up telling a grand jury that the statement that he was giving was true and accurate and that no one had threatened him or promised him anything for his cooperation period. I guess the statement was like six pages long. But here's like the summary of what Tim Brown swore happened that night. So Tim Brown said that him and his friend Corey had spent the afternoon of the 22nd hanging out in 1 1 0 8 and they were like lifting weights.

(31m 8s):
There were three friends with him, John Res, Edward Turner and Ronald Coleman. But Ronald goes by Bo, so I'm just gonna call him Bo, okay John, Edward and Bo. So I guess they came by at around 8:00 PM and everyone was there and they were like hanging out and listening to music around 11:30 PM John and Bo went to the bathroom. Bo I guess was like telling John like, Hey look, it's possible to break into like the neighbor's apartment through the medicine cabinet. Like let me show you how to do it. So then Bo and Corey, they left, I guess they left shortly after this and then John and Edward, they ended up heading back to the bathroom.

(31m 52s):
So John, who just now realized how to break through to the neighbors through the medicine cabinet, he does. So once everyone leaves, he pulls out the medicine cabinet and then the two, the two of them John and Edward, they were able to see straight into Ruthie May's bathroom. Now they could see through her bathroom because her medicine cabinet was already missing. So it was just like an open hole. So John made the assumption that the apartment was probably empty, but Tim told him that he heard that there was actually an, an old lady who lived there, her name was Ms. May, so he didn't think he was empty, but John believed like no one was home and he, he climbed through that hole space and climbed onto the sink and like crawled through the hole into the bathroom of 1 1 0 9.

(32m 39s):
And at that point Tim said that he heard a woman's voice call out who's there. So then he watched John run out of the bathroom and like deeper into her apartment, he runs more into wherever she's at. Then he heard a knock on his front door and it was John, I guess he wanted to borrow Tim's jacket. So I know I was like, what? I don't know. But he did. Okay. So John tossed the jacket over his head and then went back inside of Ruthie's apartment. So Tim then goes to the bathroom and saw now Edward go through the bathroom hole. So then Edward I guess had yelled get down, which was then followed by the sound of four gunshots.

(33m 23s):
So then five or 10 minutes later, Tim saw John and Edward carrying a rocking chair and TV through his front door. So two or three hours later, which would now be like two in the morning, this is again Tim, his account, right? John and Edward returned to retrieve the shell casings from Ruthie's apartment. They entered through the front door and then when they came out a few minutes later, John said that he scooped up the three shells.

(33m 56s):
The best part about building a new business is the idea, right? It's so excited. It's like, yay idea, I have it now what? You know, I know so many of you have side hustles, online shops, so you know where I'm coming from, especially if you're in a retail, there's just so many moving parts. Creating really great retail experience can be tough, especially If you have multiple stores, teams of staff, fulfillment centers, separate workflows, what is going on? You know, it's overwhelming. But with Shopify point of sale, you can do it all without complexity. Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. It brings together in store and online operations across 1000 locations. So there's features like endless aisle shipped to customer and buy online, pick up in store. And this is all available and it's made simpler so your customers can shop how they want and then your staff will have the tools to close the sale every time. And let's face it, acquiring new customers, I freaking, I guess can get expensive. So with Shopify POS, you can keep shoppers coming back with personalized experiences and first party data that give marketing teams a competitive edge. Based on a report from EY businesses on Shopify POS see Real Results, users saw 22% better total cost of ownership. Want more? We'll check out at SHOPIFY DOT COM SLASH makeup. The makeup part is all lowercase and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. SHOPIFY DOT COM SLASH makeup

(35m 42s):
Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop, because members get cash back at over 3,500 stores across every category, including fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining and more. Your favorite stores like Walmart, Lenovo, and wine.com, pay RAs in a commission for sending them shoppers and Rakuten shares the commission with its members. And that could be you. Cashback is deposited directly into your PayPal account. Or If you prefer Rakuten can send you a check. The choice is yours. You can even maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. You're already shopping at your favorite stores. Why not save while you're doing it? Membership is free and it's easy to sign up. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cash. Back rates change daily. See rakuten.com. Poor details, that's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.

(36m 42s):
How's your car looking showing its age faded? Paint dents, dings, don't worry, Mako is here to help. They're the experts in affordable paint jobs and light collision repairs, helping you keep your car looking its best without breaking the bag. Most cars on the road could use a little bit of love. And keep in mind with Americans keeping their vehicles longer, protecting your investment has never been more important. At Mako, they make it really easy. You come in free estimate and the expert technicians will handle the rest. With Makos national reach and community focus, you're not just getting top-notch service, you're actually getting a partner you can trust. Don't let those little imperfections add up. You wanna keep your car on the road, you wanna give it a little bit of love and you can do so with the great folks at Mako. Visit your local Mako today and see how they can refresh your ride. Go in, get the free estimate and the expert technicians will take care of everything after them. Oh, better get Mako.

(37m 45s):
So because of this account police arrested Edward Turner the day after interviewing Tim Brown. When they arrested him, it was Edward's 19th birthday, Edward Turner. He had been raised in the projects and even lived in Ruthie's building for a while. Edward, he didn't have any convictions as an adult, but he was free on bond for unlawful use of a weapon. Two weeks later, police had found like John hiding, they couldn't find him, they couldn't locate him, but they found him hiding under a bed in one of like the Abbott Towers. He was 21 and he had three felonies on his record. One was robbery and then two grand theft auto. So both of these guys were charged with murder, home invasion, armed robbery, armed violence and residential burglary.

(38m 34s):
There was a bond set, it was like like $10 million for John and there was no bond set for Edward. Now the prosecutors believed he was the gunman and I guess they had heard that he was boasting about it. So they were actually seeking the death penalty. So unfortunately then, like there was absolutely no physical evidence, it was completely non-existent. There were no fingerprints that were lifted. I guess investigators, they found like a damp sheet and a blouse that was in a plastic bag, which was put underneath Ruthie's mattress. And I guess investigators had assumed that this was used to like wipe down the apartment.

(39m 15s):
So at this time, I guess like DNA evidence was literally just taking off as a forensic tool, but it wasn't like applied here, okay, because in like 1986 was the first year that DNA led to a conviction in a homicide case. But there was no mention at the trial of this trial that there was like any DNA samples being taken from like the sheet, the blouse, the bag, nothing. There was no gun that was ever found and there was only one bullet and one cartridge that was collected. So remember when police were like standing outside, Ruthie May's locked door and they asked the dispatcher to try and like call her and they heard her phone ringing and ringing and ringing and they could hear it inside, but then when they got in there they noticed that the phone was gone.

(40m 6s):
Well the detective admitted to the Chicago reader afterwards that it was possible that the killer or killers were like still hiding out somewhere on the 11th floor while police were on Ruthie's doorstep or it was possible they were probably even inside her place just like being really quiet. So now what? Well it took three years before like the case would be brought to trial. So by this point there was a second court case involving Ruthie May's murder was also underway. Her daughter Venita was suing the Chicago Housing Authority and its security company for negligence in the wrongful death of her mother.

(40m 49s):
Good for her, right? And she was demanding like 1.5 million damages as she should. So the murder trial actually started on March 27th, 1990 and inside the courtroom they had like the rocking chair and the television set was on display and it was like right next to the prosecution table. So Edward Turner had opted for a jury trial, but John RAs, he didn't, the judge would decide his case period. So the case against the two defendants really depended on the testimony of the, the prosecution's star witness, that guy Tim Brown. Now something was kind of off though because his signed statement, the timeline, it didn't align with the time of the 9 1 1 calls or the police arriving at Ruthie's door.

(41m 42s):
But you know, that was really all they had and they were just like counting on this Tim Brown guy. But people like brought up that even Tim Brown himself, he like had some red flags. You know, he had some or yellow flags like he was a convicted drug dealer and he was currently in prison for possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver. He had been on probation for a similar offense when police first interviewed him about the murder that took place and he had spent some time in county jail housed in the same unit as Edward Turner. So people were like, well, like what's in this for him?

(42m 22s):
What's in this for him? Well it, it didn't matter. So he, he's brought in right now under oath on the witness stand, Tim Brown, his freaking story changed. Oh yeah, his story changed. So he said yes, I saw John and Bo go into the bathroom together, but this time Tim said that those two never came back out and that while they were gone he had heard three or four shots coming from next door. Tim, Tim Brown said, checked his bathroom, saw a hole in the wall and figured John and Bo had gone through to the next door apartment. Tim said that he and everyone else in his apartment 1 1 0 8, they ran downstairs to the lobby when they heard the gunfire.

(43m 9s):
Then he was asked, well where was Edward when you know the, you heard the gunshots and Tim said that Edward was sitting on a couch in the living room. What? So the prosecutors were like, we're stunned. They're like, did Tim Brown not remember signing a six page statement like he gave you to the police, you know what is going like, why is this story changing? So then they asked him, they asked Tim on the stand like, don't you remember signing that statement? So like, are you lying now? And like Tim was like, yeah, I remember signing it. But the only reason he signed it was because a detective had sexually harassed him or like got aggressive with him.

(43m 50s):
Tim was claiming that the detective who was questioning him grabbed his balls and squeezed them while he was handcuffed to like he was handcuffed to like the wall. So Tim Brown testified that the only reason he said John and Edward were the killers was because police like told him that they were the killers and that's what they wanted to hear and he was being harassed and that's why he said it. But the truth Tim Brown like now swore was that John and Bo, they did it. So Tim was now saying that the truth was under oath that John and Bo were the ones who did it and he insisted he had told cops this like back in 1987 when they first interviewed him.

(44m 35s):
While on the stand Tim denied knowing Ruthie McCoy and he denied like even knowing that anyone lived next door. And he also said that he had no idea that you could creep from apartment to apartment in the building using the medicine cabinet. And he didn't know this until the murder. Now the judge during this trial was taking notes and at some point during Tim Brown's testimony the judge had scribbled a few words like on his paper it was like turned in and he wrote like this is a total liar. So I was like, what do you even believe? Like what's the truth here? There were various women that John and Edward allegedly asked to like stash the rocking chair and TV and they were like brought in to testify.

(45m 18s):
There was one who finally agreed to take the stuff and it was like three 30 in the morning and this was John's girlfriend at the time, the Theola. And she testified that neither John nor Edward would say like where they got the things, but when they showed up they had it and they plugged in the TV and it didn't work. Then Sonya Moore, she went by the name sweetie, she also invited Edward into her home just hours after the murder took place. Edward was said to be, he had like a crush on sweetie and she showed up in the courtroom and it was said that they like were smiling at each other and stuff, but Sonia was like entertaining her sister and her sister's boyfriend and her apartment, which was like five floors below Ruthie's when Edward knocked on her door around like 10 30 that night.

(46m 11s):
So she invited him in and everyone's like hanging out in the living room and like during the conversation, this is according to Sonia's testimony, she said that Edward announced that he had shot someone. Like he said it out loud to everyone who was there. So she was like asking for details like what you shot someone like who? And Edward was like kind of bragging that he had shot a lady who had a daughter who was around Sonya's age. So I guess she just was not impressed or whatever, but I guess some time goes by and then he like takes it back. He was like, oh I was just kidding. I wasn't serious. I didn't really shoot anyone. Kind of weird thing to say, why would you say that? But okay, so then after a few hours go by Edward ends up leaving and he then returns later after Sonya had gone to bed.

(47m 1s):
Now she had testified that she heard him pounding on the door and like calling her name but she didn't get up. She was like, I'm sleeping, I'm not getting up for him. Edward Turner's attorney played the stupid card in his defense, like yes he carried Ruthie McCoy's television to another apartment the night of the murder. But John had asked him to and he was just helping a friend and of course like yeah, yeah he had, he said he shot someone but he was just lying to impress Sonya. He just wanted to impress this woman when the evidence was before them. The defense attorney suggested that jurors might be convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that Edward was very stupid but not a murderer.

(47m 44s):
He did not murder Ruthie McCoy Edward's defense attorney Ian said, was saying that the killers were not Edward, they were John and Howard Govin. I know. So you're probably thinking, who's this Howard guy I know, I was like same. So this Howard guy, he didn't know like the finger was gonna be pointed at him. He actually appeared on the witness stand as a defense witness for Edward Turner. He had come from jail where he was serving time for drug dealing and also jumping bail. He admitted that he had been at a party within the apartment of 1 1 0 8 and this party had taken place on April 22nd.

(48m 24s):
But he said that there was more than a dozen men and women who were at this party. Howard's story was that John took him into a bedroom, showed him like a bunch of guns that were hidden beneath a a bed mattress and then led him over to the bathroom and showed him the whole medicine cabinet situation. Howard said that like okay, they took the medicine cabinet off, he looked through the hole to the neighboring apartment, then left and went down to the building's lobby. He said he was still in the building about a half hour later when people who had been at that party came running down the stairs. Like he wasn't sure whether Edward Turner was in that group, but he was certain that John was not because he saw him come down later.

(49m 10s):
Well then finally Edward ends up taking the stand in his own defense. Edward had denied that he shot Ruthie McCoy or that he was even in her apartment when she was killed. He admitted that he knew like an older lady named Ms. May had lived next door in the apartment, but Edward insisted that he had been sitting on the couch in the apartment and like left with everyone else in the living room after they heard the gunfire. He then said that John came down to the lobby like by himself. About 30 minutes later Edward, like he said, he did tell Sonya about the whole like I shot someone's story. He said he wanted to be her boyfriend.

(49m 51s):
So he told her that he shot a woman just to like brag and that he ended up taking it back when he saw that Sonia was not impressed and that's why he was like, oh just kidding. I didn't do that though. I was just kidding. Edward said that he ended up leaving Sonia's apartment around 2:00 AM and then turned around and went back up to 1 1 0 8 when he noticed a light on in the window. So he testified that he spotted a TV set sitting in the hall and a guy he knew carrying like a rocking chair out of this apartment on 1 0 8. This guy supposedly asked Edward if he would give him a hand and carry the TV and Edward was like, sure I'll help.

(50m 32s):
You know, I guess at this point Edward noticed that the neighbor's door was open a little and he told the court that he kicked it open even more and like went a few feet inside and saw a body on the bedroom floor. So I guess he sees the body, he runs out of there, he goes back to the hallway, he picks up the TV and like carries on. So Edward notices John then a few minute like seconds minutes later like comes out of the apartment where he sees the body and like starts helping move the rocker and the tv. So I don't know, that's what he said happened. So who's the killer?

(51m 13s):
I don't even remember names. I don't even remember at this point. Ed Edward was essentially saying that he didn't do it, okay period. He didn't do it. They everyone thinks it was John. They think John did it. So the prosecutor of course like wanted to focus on the fact that like he went to this lady's apartment and he saw her dead body and like didn't do anything and Edward said that he saw the body and saw the blood but didn't get close enough to tell whether she was alive or dead. So then they're giving him him a hard time like why didn't you call police? Why didn't you inform the CHA people like something? And Edward didn't really have a response, he didn't do anything. Instead he walked back to the hallway and picked up the tvy.

(51m 55s):
You know? So it was just not a great look. In closing arguments, the defense suggested that John and Howard likely went through the medicine cabinet together or maybe it was John and Bo or John was by himself, but there was no evidence proving that Edward did anything. As for keeping quiet after seeing like Ruthie McCoy's bloody body, I mean that was really the way a young black man survived within this area. The jury had deliberated less than four hours before finding Edward not guilty on all counts. So that all but made John RA's verdict a foregone conclusion and his defense team didn't even bother calling additional witnesses before resting.

(52m 40s):
So the judge, his name is Michael Getty, he acquitted John RAs as well. The whole case the judge said hung on the dubious stories of Tim Brown. But the judge would say like Ruthie McCoy's brutal murder wasn't the only tragedy in this case. It was because the incompetence of Chicago police was what really cost Ruthie McCoy her chance at justice. I mean look after the fact. It's unclear when, or even if any attempts were made to like seal off this like network of medicine cabinet passageways after Ruthie Mae McCoy died. So no one got like charged with her murder. So we did like a little investigating of our own here at Murder Mystery Makeup.

(53m 24s):
Thank you so much. We found out that CHA quietly settled the lawsuit that Venita filed over her mother's death. There's one public document and it doesn't reveal how much she got. I don't think it matters, but at least she got something right? It's not her mom, but it's some accountability as for like the both of the guys who were acquitted. A deep dive into court records reveals that both unfortunately like racked up some felony charges since walking out the courtroom in 1990. I say unfortunately because it's just sad, like once you're in the system it's hard to get out of it. So that's just facts and it's just sad. John, he would be like 58 now and seems to be settled in Kansas after the whole court stuff.

(54m 10s):
He spent some time behind bars after pleading guilty to second degree robbery and also he got charged for like occasional drug possession charges and I guess he owes like thousands of dollars from civil suits over several evictions and unpaid child support. John had bounced around treatment facilities and halfway houses for a while and was like the subject of a missing person search in Kansas a few years ago. Police described him as a schizophrenic who could be at risk if he's off his medications. They found him safe like five days later and that's what we know about him now. So Edward Turner now apparently is living in Florida.

(54m 52s):
He's like 56. He actually admitted on the record to the Chicago reader after the murder that he was in fact a member of the pay masters gang. But then he said he would probably leave the west side of Chicago and hopefully like get his high school degree. But unfortunately again he got into some more trouble and Edward ended up doing two years in Illinois state prison for felony drug manufacturing and possession with intent to sell. There was like a bunch of drug charges as well as ones for burglary and disorderly conduct, but the court docket just knows like they were disposed of. So no idea how they got resolved.

(55m 34s):
In 2010, he had pled guilty to possession of burglary tools and property damage in Cook County, but I guess he's got disposed of as well. There was a couple of marijuana charges and then nothing for the past decade. So hopefully he's out of this and like moving. I have hope for these people. Okay, and I'm gonna up going on a along tangent, but it is just hard to get out of this, this system for when you're born into this. So I hope he's doing well. Okay, I hope, I just hope everyone's doing well. So I guess like the Chicago Police Department is currently revamping its gang database, but it as recently as 2020, the police superintendent confirmed to reporters that there were over 117,000 known gang members active in the city.

(56m 21s):
So that's the murder of Ruthie Mae McCoy. Sadly, like technically not really, not really solved, right? And also very creepy and unfortunate. And the fact that like all of her complaints were brushed off could have been prevented if actually people tried to help. Not people, but like the people in charge. It's just sad. It's a sad story really, and there's no closure. Anyways, let me know your thoughts. I don't know what you can say to that. I kind of believe that Tim guy. I mean there's gotta be some truth in this story, right? I don't know. Doubt my friends is a story of like the real life candyman, whoever the hell that person is, right?

(57m 3s):
But other than that, I hope you have a good day, you make good choices, you be safe out there, okay? Lock your doors and stuff and I'll be seeing you guys later. Bye.

(57m 28s):
Every day our world gets a little more connected, but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't worry, we'll get you taken care Of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica. Empathy is our best policy.