
Disconnected data, unpredictable ai. Your CRM might not be living up to its potential with Einstein one from Salesforce. You can combine unified data with trusted AI on one platform, connect customer searches with social media trends to predict product demand, that you just discover the theory of customer satisfaction. Publish it now. Everyone's at Einstein with Salesforce, the number one A-I-C-R-M.


This summer Excitement starts behind the wheel of an all electric BMW experience, the BMWI four that's confident, quick and unmistakably BMW, or feel the thrill of the electric BMW IX with its elevated design and unrelenting performance. This season's excitement starts at the electric BMW Summer Sales Event BMW, the ultimate electric driving machine. Exceptional offers won't last. So hurry in to get your BMW through September 3rd


Hi. friends, how are you today? I hope you're having a wonderful day so far. My name is Bailey Darien and today is Monday, which means it's murder Mystery MAKEUP Monday If you're new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I like to sit down. I talk about true crime story that's been heavy on my login and I do my Makeup at the same time. So today's story is actually like a pretty famous one and it might be like even one of the most famous, if you're from California. During the late 1970s and the 1980s, there was like a massive crime wave that was happening in almost every major city in the us.


Like in New York you had the infamous killer like son of Sam. Los Angeles was always thriving with killers. There's like the Hillside strangler, the Night stalker. The list really goes on forever. It was just a time of murder it across the country there were just serial killers, just everywhere according to LA Weekly. So during this timeframe there were over 50 black women found dead in South Los Angeles alone. And yet the police effort to catch the person or persons responsible seemed lacking.


Several of these victims even had like the same wounds or were abandoned in very similar ways to one another. And many of these cases were not even being connected in the first place. So if you wanna talk about frustration, it's like, babe, listen, here we go. Because they didn't even wanna solve this. It felt like, but I mean it didn't take long before people like started asking questions about how much the police actually cared about protecting this part of town. you know? And also if you're a dark history listener, you might also remember like this was a very complicated time, specifically in Los Angeles because the appearance of crack cocaine had just hit the streets.


Industry jobs that once held the area together were drying up. It was so bad. I'm laughing 'cause I'm, it was just really bad. And when you look at the picture, the whole picture, it's like no wonder killers were on the loose during this time. This was Los Angeles specifically was really a place to thrive. The police were booked and busy. Like sadly to this day there are dozens of women who still remain unidentified and whose murders have never been solved and probably won't be solved. And I'm saying all of this as kind of like just setting you up to maybe kind of understand what everything was looking like.


'cause this story's fucking rough. It was this timeframe, the seventies and eighties when Los Angeles was absolute chaos. It was during this time that Lonnie Franklin Jr. Better known as The Grim Sleeper made his appearance during a 25 year long killing spree. So there isn't too much information about his upbringing, but I found little like tidbits. Okay. Like when Lonnie was a kid, he suffered from migraines and didn't do well in school. And when Lonnie was seven years old, his dad actually taught him how to drive, drive his first car.


And this is when like Lonnie had found a new passion in life, which was cars. He also became really good at like taking apart the cars and fixing them. And then he would later on like find work as a mechanic who's really good with his hands. On top of that, Lonnie was kind of like quite the charmer really. People just really liked him. He knew how to talk to the ladies, he was friendly, he was nice, seems like he had a lot of friends. But when he was 16 years old, he was arrested for grand theft auto. And then shortly after he was arrested for burglary, burglary, like such a weird word for my mouth, burglary.


He's making bad choices. So his dad actually took notice of his son's behavior and wanted to like step in, which he did. His dad had suggested to Lonnie that he should sign up for the army. And Lonnie actually did at the age of 21 in April of 1974, Lonnie was serving all the way out in Stu Guard Germany, which is like a mid-size manufacturing town. It's kind of north of the Swiss border and about three hours west of Munich for car people. It's where Mercedes and Porsche have their headquarters actually.


Wow. But the thing is like Lonnie wasn't even there very long. On April 17th, 19th 74, Lonnie was out driving with his army mates and he was going around town in Stuga when they noticed or they saw a young woman walking down the street. Mind you, it's really late, it's like 12:30 AM and they see this girl and she's walking towards the train station, but she's alone. Her name was Ingrid and she was just 17 years old and she had just left her boyfriend's house and was on her way home. So she's walking to the train station, right?


So Lonnie and the boys, they pulled up alongside the curb and they were calling out to her like, Hey, hey girl, you know, being annoying like that. So they're driving alongside her and they're asking her for directions. Once they got her like close to the car, they're like, Hey, can we, can we give you a ride home? And maybe she felt like they were trustworthy or I don't know what they said, but maybe she just, she was just afraid of what might happen if she didn't cooperate with these three men who were dressed for war, by the way. But either way, Ingrid agreed and she hopped into the car.


You know what's annoying about me? One week I'm like super into my skincare routine. I'm using a billion different products and I'm like, my skin looks so great. Like, oh my God, wow. And then the next week I'm like, ah, I don't even care. Like I completely fall off. And then of course I break out because I fell asleep with my cake face on again. And it's like, why do I do this? you know, skincare routines don't have to be complicated. That's why I'm always excited to partner with Apostrophe, the sponsor of today's episode. Apostrophe's goal is to help you feel confident in your own skin. So whether you're dealing with breakouts, signs of aging or acne scarring, dark spots, whatever, Apostrophe will help you love the skin you're in, baby. If you don't know, Apostrophe is an online platform that connects you with an expert dermatology team to get customized acne treatment for your unique skin. You can get access to oral and topical medications that use clinically proven ingredients to help with whatever your skin concerns are. Simply fill out an online consultation about your skin goals and your medical history and snap a few selfies. And a dermatology provider will create a customized treatment plan just for you. Apostrophe offers access to prescription treatments for all types of skin concerns. Right now my skincare goal is to reduce dark spots and improve my skin texture. I got new dark spots, but what I love about like my experience with Apostrophe is like how simple it is to sign up for my first visit or like a follow up visit. There's no need for like an in-person appointment, a trip to the dermatologist's office, or even like a trip to the pharmacy. Everything is handled online. Once I figure out what I need, like the items come right to my door, I received a retinoid cream. I definitely notice improvement in my skin's texture. As for the dark spots, we shall see Right. now we have a special deal for audience. You can get your first visit for only $5 at Apostrophe dot com slash Makeup when you use our code MAKEUP. Now that's a savings of $15 and this code is only available to our listeners. Just go to Apostrophe dot com slash Makeup and click get started. Then use our code Makeup at signup and you'll get your first visit for only $5. Big thank you to Apostrophe for sponsoring today's episode and give Apostrophe a try and start feeling confident in your skin today.


Well, pretty much as soon as she was in the car, okay, Lonnie and his two army buddies had her pinned to the seat and were speeding off. They drove out somewhere, somewhere they knew like no one would be looking and kept Ingrid in the car at knife point. So once they were sure, like no one would see them, they each took turns attacking and sexually assaulting her. Like just awful. Ingrid remembers that there were like flashes going off, like literal flashes as if someone were taking pictures with a Polaroid camera. She remembered that.


And I don't know how long they had her for, I don't, that wasn't mentioned. But what I do know is that after they were finished, they were driving Ingrid back to like the train station. Like they had no plans to kill her or anything like that. They were going to drive her back to the train station, which the logic was like, huh, okay, like milk it girl, right? Like, which she did because before they dropped Ingrid off, she was able to convince or like flirt with Lonnie and to make him believe that they could have another date. So she was able to get Lonnie to give her like his phone number.


No joke. Now this was a pretty smart move because she actually now had information to like identify these people. She knew that they were Americans, she knew that they were in the army. And now she had like one of their phone numbers, specifically Lonnie Franklin's phone number. So this is great for her, like finding these people who did this to her. So once Ingrid was free, pretty much she went straight to the hospital and then she even called the police and she had everything she needed to direct them directly to Lonnie and her attackers, which was like great. A few weeks later, Ingrid even helps the police in Germany capture Lonnie.


Oh yeah, she had called him. Remember she has the phone number, she calls him and she arranges like a date with him and she's asking for him to meet her at the train station on May 6th. It was like literally not even long after the attack happened. And he agrees, he thinks like she wants to meet up again. He's all flattered. He's like, oh yeah, she really liked me. So their decide to meet up and Ingrid is standing there on the train platform, she's all dressed up and she's waiting for Lonnie. And it was just like the perfect setup. He literally thought he was coming just to like meet up with this girl. He probably thought he was like the luckiest dude, you know?


He was like, well I can't believe she called me. Wow. But as soon as Ingrid saw Lonnie through the crowd, she signaled the police who were hiding nearby. She's like signaled them and they jumped out of like the bushes or whatever and they snatched him up. They, they caught him. I guess her signal, her signal to the police was like when Lonnie dropped a handkerchief on the floor. So police rushed in and guess what? They arrested him. Of course they did. Like what? Great plan. Smart. After the police had grabbed him, like they quickly found his friends who were with him the night that they attacked Ingrid.


And they ended up having to go to trial, which had only lasted like eight days. And during this trial, Ingrid actually testified against them. In the end, each of them were convicted for rape and kidnapping. Lonnie was sentenced to three years and four months in jail. But then it gets real fishy because he actually like didn't really serve his sentence, not the whole thing. At least he was released within the first year of his sentence. And nobody really knows why you guys like that's the part that nobody really knows. Nobody knows. Maybe good behavior, I don't know. But Darren Dupree was one of the detectives who investigated Lonnie's later crimes.


He said that he knew Lonnie's accomplices in this case both served there full time. But the LA PD couldn't find out why Lonnie himself didn't have to. So when obviously Lonnie got caught for doing this, he was discharged from the army, he was sent back to Los Angeles and he would move in back in with his parents. So his parents have lived in the same house like for all of Lonnie's life. And when Lonnie gets older it would become his house and so on. It's like been in the family forever, which I thought was cute. You don't really hear about that too often, you know?


I like that. So once Lonnie was back home, he was kind of lost like jumping from job to job. At one point he was actually working for the LAPD as like their garage attendant. But you know, it wasn't exciting for him. He didn't like it. So that's when he found a new job working still for the city. This time he was working for the sanitation department as a garbage man. So this time Juan, he was living in la. His reputation wasn't, his reputation wasn't bad or anything. I mean nobody really knew about his past. And Lonnie was just like well known in the neighborhood and just really well liked.


His neighbors had talked very highly about him, kind of like he was a linchpin of the community. He was always out on his driveway, either working in the yard or bent over the engine of like some car and people would just come up to him all the time and chat with him. You know, let's say someone on the block needed some money or needed their car fixed, Lonnie was there, you know, and there are dozens of stories from people all over their neighborhood who all say the same thing. That when they needed something or needed help in some kind of way, Monnie was the guy that you would go to and that's great. Like that's great, right?


It's like fuck. People described him as generous, kind and friendly. And if you approached him on his lawn, like he would definitely talk to you. you know, some of the people who lived in the same neighborhood as Lonnie felt like it was a safer place because of him. He heavily disliked crack users, sex workers and he would like yell at them or like chase them out of the neighborhood. So a lot of people were like, Ooh, like Lonnie's the best. He keeps our neighborhood safe. But it turns out this guy was super fucked. Surprised. Surprised. He reminds me of like John Wayne Gacy because it's like this.


Everyone loved him on the outside in the community, you know? And without any criminal record and with all of this public goodwill for him, people just never questioned any of Lonnie's quote unquote stranger behaviors or habits. Habits or behaviors. Meaning he would have like photos of naked women that he kept stashed in the glove compartment of his orange Ford Pinto. And many of these photos were women posed in very unique positions and many of them just naked butt cheeks spread. Like what?


Yes. Anyways, he would keep these like in his glove compartment and if somebody came across it they'd be like, oh that's just Lonnie. He's just a little crazy. He is just a little par that guy. Is that normal for dudes to do that? I don't know. 'cause I'm not a dude. That's not normal, right? I'm all like I mean I have pictures of dogs in my glove compartment, they're not my dogs. So I guess like I'm pretty creepy too in my own way. I don't know whose dogs they are. I mean little did these people know that there was just so much more going on under the surface.


It's summertime. Woo. I'm not excited. But you know, with summertime it means like it's barbecue time, BQ and you could stock up on all your grilling favorites and also earn cash back on every purchase when you use, I bought a, now you don't have to choose between burgers or hot talks because you can get both. I bought as a free app that lets you earn cash back every time you shop. You can earn on hundreds of items from groceries to beauty supplies and even toys. What kind of toys? I dunno. Did you know that the average I bought a user earns $256 per year? I mean that could cover the cost of an entire shopping trip or maybe even like that fancy dinner you've been craving. While other apps give you points that like don't amount to much Ibotta lets you earn cash back that you can withdraw to your bank account, PayPal, or even gift cards, simply add offers in the app, upload your receipt and voila the money is yours. You can save on over 2,400 brands and shop at over a thousand retailers, including your favorite grocery stores, Lowe's, Macy's, Sephora, best Buy, and so much more. It's time you join the over 50 million users who use Iboa to earn cash back every time they shop Right. now Ibotta is offering our listeners $5 just for trying Ibotta by using the code MAKEUP. when you register Just, go to the App Store or Google Play Store and download the FREE Ibotta app to start earning cash back and use the code MAKEUP. That's Ida I-B-O-T-T-A in the Google Play or app store and use code MAKEUP. So what are you waiting for? Start saving today with IBO a


so little did people know like, hey, maybe this was actually concerning behavior and not like, oh, just, just being a little weirdo. Okay, so like I had mentioned before in the 1980s, it was brute in Los Angeles in 1985 alone, there were over a dozen young black women found dead in south central Los Angeles. Like bodies were found down alleys in dumpsters or even many of them were just like dumped on the side of the street. And Lonnie, he was in the perfect place at the perfect time to repeat what he had done in Germany.


And he sure did. Yeah, wow. I can't tell you how many people Lonnie killed during the 1980s because the fact is that nobody really even knows what I can tell you is that there was a string of murder that happened between 1985 and 1988 and they were all linked to Lonnie, but it's believed that he has killed so many more that we'll never know about. But we'll get into that. Hold on. So the first known victim connected to Lonnie was Deborah Jackson. She was a 29-year-old woman who was found on August 10th, 1985.


She had been left in an alleyway, which was just like 10 minutes from Lonnie's house. She had been shot in the back three times and they realized it was with a 25 caliber gun. And whoever had done it tried to put like stuff on top of her to kind of hide the body, but they did a terrible job. Then there was Henrietta Wright, who was 35 in 1986 when Lonnie again used a 25 caliber weapon to murder her. And he left her in the alley hidden underneath a mattress on January 10th, 1987, 23-year-old Barbara Ware, she was found dead and she was only like 50, 15 minutes from Lonnie's house in Barbara's case.


Her body was found shortly after she was actually killed because an anonymous caller called 9 1 1 and this person saw someone dumping the body into an alleyway, either near a dumpster or in the dumpster. I'm pretty sure it was near. But then the caller is like, oh, they were trying to cover her up with whatever garbage they, they had found. Now get this, because this part annoyed me so much because whoever had called 9 1 1, they gave a a description of the van that this person was driving to bring the body there. And on top of that, they even gave them a license plate number.


Hello, license plate number. Doesn't that solve the Mystery? You would think, right? So they find out that the van had actually come from a church and I mean that's the south story goes the keys to the van were easily accessible to anyone who went to that church, but the police didn't interview anyone from the church. So it, I, you know, and then the police, they also didn't even take much evidence from the van either, nor is it believed that they looked at it. It's unclear. So I just feel like that could have probably been helpful.


Oh, but you have to also think sometimes, I forget this is before DNA and all that. So they'd probably look at the van and be like, okay, cool. It's a van. Noted. Lonnie went on to kill two more women in 1987, a woman by the name of Bernita Sparks and Mary Lowe. And both women were 26 years old and were killed by small caliber bullets. Sadly, both of them were just, well, all of Lonnie's victims were just like treated like garbage and left in trash cans or in alleyways near Lonnie's home. She's so sad. Both of them looked like they had their clothes just completely ripped off.


Some was just outright missing. And not only had he killed these women, but by the looks of it, it was clear that their killer was sexually assaulting them as well. So then in 1988, he killed two more women, Laika Jefferson, a 22-year-old who was found shot through the heart and underneath a mattress on January 30th. And then she also had a napkin covering her face with one word written on it, which just said aids. And given Lonnie's dislike for sex workers, it kind of seemed like he was trying to, I don't know, shame her, right?


Shame her. Just be a disgusting human. His final victim from the eighties was Alicia Alexander, who was an 18-year-old girl who also been shot and found naked under a fricking mattress. And the police aren't putting these together. They're like, that's crazy. They've all been found under a mattress, but they're not linked. There's no way, right? Yeah, there's no way. Like they're just so, hello. you know, the Los Angeles Times has a map of where all these women were found. And it's like when you look at it, it's like, oh, oh my God. All of them are, were found so close together.


And all of the locations were just so, they were just so close where the bodies were found. That's what I'm getting at. So not one of them was outside the area of a few square miles of each other. I mean all were found in alleys or trash bins, all with the same type of bullets and mattresses. And they're not putting it together, you know, you know, because Lonnie worked as a garbage man. It thought that he knew the streets of LA so well. All of the different alleyways, which trash can went to what landfill. And he used this knowledge to his advantage.


But it doesn't seem like he had a bigger plan with any of them really. He was just treating them like literal garbage. So other than Ingrid from in Germany, Anitra Washington was one of Lonnie's victims and one of his only victims to have survived that we know of. So Anitra was walking home late one night in the, in the year of 1988. And she's walking home from a friend's house and she's minding her own damn business, okay? Living her life. And then Lonnie happened to be driving in the neighborhood when he sees a nira walking by herself.


So he pulls over and he asked to give her a ride. He's like, you know, it's late, he gave you a ride, whatever. She tells him, no, you know, she's, and she believed that she was polite about it. She's like, no, I'm fine. But he keeps asking her, he keeps asking her over and over again and he's starting to get a little bit upset with her that she's not getting in the car. So he starts yelling at her from inside the car. And according to her, he yelled, quote, that's what's wrong with you black women. People can't be nice to you. End quote. And after that, Anitra said that she felt really guilty and sorry for Lonnie.


Like she's thinking to her herself like maybe she had been rude, you know? And she was like, oh my God, like I am the bad person. you know? you know that shit happens when like you're being gaslit like that and you're like, oh my God, like I'm the bitch. Oops. Like, I'm so sorry. That's how she's feeling. So she changes her mind and agrees to have Lonnie drive her to her house. Once she got in the car though, Lonnie was heading in the opposite direction, he said that before he could take her home, he was gonna drop by his uncle's house to pick up money. And according to her, he drove to a house on a nearby street, pulled over and left her in the car for about 10 minutes.


He just ran in, did something, and then came running out. And she said, when Lonnie had gotten back into the car, she instantly noticed something was kind of different about him. He seemed really agitated and angry, but she had no idea why I mean she just met the guy shit. you know, like, but she noticed that he was different. Anitra said at this point he accidentally called her by a different lady's name. Whoa. you know? And so she tells him, she's like, that's not my name. She's like, that's not my name. I don't know how she said it, but she said, that's not my name. Okay? And then at that moment, that's when things went sideways according to her.


Once she said like, that's not my name. Everything in Lonnie's car went quiet. I should say just quiet. And then a few moments later, Anitra said she looked down at her chest and she felt warmth and saw blood. She didn't even, like, she's not processing what? What? Now I'm not sure if Lonnie had a silenced weapon or if the shock of just being shot overwhelmed her. But the way Anitra tells it is she didn't even like realize she had been shot. Oh by the way, she had been shot. She had been shot. And she like wasn't processing it. She said once she did like realize she had been shot, it was even more confusing to her.


And she kept asking Lonnie like, why? Over and over again and demanding he take her to a hospital, but he refused, of course. So at this point, she's just like locked in the car, bleeding from her chest because of a bullet wound. And according to her, the next words out of her mouth were quote, if I die, I'm going to haunt you. You are going to have to take care of my kids. End quote. Hell yes, I love that she said this, if I die, I am going to haunt you. Yep. Good. I like that. I was like, hell yeah, you get him haunt his ass.


Now listen, I wear Makeup pretty much every day. Yes I do. Whether it's, you know, a fresh face, look for running errands or a full glam for no damn reason. My favorite part of the process experimenting with new colors and trying out new products. Now lately I've been feeling like my routine could use a little refresh. And that's when I discovered Thrive Cosmetics. We've probably seen Thrive Cosmetics, viral tubing, mascara in that iconic turquoise tube all over your socials. It's easy to see why their best sellers have thousands of five star reviews. And I'm here to tell you, you know, it's worth the hype. I love Thrive Cosmetics because their products are not only high performing, but they also leave out all the crap. All their products are certified, 100% vegan, cruelty free, and have zero parabens, sulfates or phthalates. Plus every purchase supports great causes, including those impacted by cancer, domestic abuse, veteran, and education organizations. So let's talk about my new favorite Thrive Cosmetic products. First up is their new Empower mat Precision Lipstick Cran. Now listen, this two in one lipstick and liner allows you to line, define, and fill in one step. It's waterproof, sweat proof, and lasts up to 12 hours, delivering rich opaque pigmentation with a bold nonsticky velvety. Finish my go-to shade Right. now it's called Joe, I love it. Now let's talk about the liquid lash extensions mascara. Now, whenever I wear this mascara, I get so many compliments. People are like, are you wearing lash extensions? And I'm like, no. But this tubing mascara instantly creates the look of lash extensions without clumping, flaking or smudging. It's super easy to remove. It just slides right off with warm water. And the nourishing ingredients support longer, stronger, and healthier looking lashes over time. Refresh your everyday look with Thrive Cosmetics Beauty that gives back Right. now you can get an exclusive 10% off your first order at thrive cosmetics.com/ Makeup. That's Thrive Cosmetics. C-A-U-S-E, M E TI s.com/ Makeup for 10% off your first order Beauty that gives back try Thrive Cosmetics today.


So after that she said she was fading in and out, in and out of consciousness from the blood loss. But she had remembered being woken up a few times by Lonnie who had at some point like gotten on top of her and was like sexually assaulting her. I know this dude is fucking sick. And Anitra said at some point she noticed flashing light, like real flashing light, like it came from a camera. Oh shit, I know The next thing she remembers happening was Lonnie's car, like had started up again and he was pushing her out of the passenger side door.


And then he drove off, Lonnie pushed her out of the car, drove off, leaves her there for dead, she gets up, she walks to a friend's house who then called 9 1 1 and got her to the hospital. Like incredible, incredible police are called in everything. And when she spoke to them about, you know, what had happened, she was able to give a super clear description of the vehicle that Lonnie was driving. And also she was able to give a very detailed description of what Lonnie looked like, his face. Like someone did one of those drawings, you know, what are they called? Whatever, you know, where they do the sketches? They did one of those.


But according to police, it was hard to really look out for him because he had very common features. Like this guy did not stand out in any way. There was nothing unique about him. He looked like every other dude. So it made it so much harder 'cause it's like, who, who is this guy? He could be anyone Like that must have been frustrating. But with word spreading that Henrietta survived, it's believed that this spooked Lonnie I mean, how could it not? He was almost caught, you know, it was a little too close for him. So he decided to lay low for a while, like hide out. Okay, listen to this though, because this part kind of blew my mind too.


I guess a year later Lonnie came and found en Marietta at her house. Not kidding, not kidding, not kidding. This part spooked me out After the attack, she and Marietta like had left her purse behind in the car, which like, yes, of course, right? She, that was the last thing I'm sure she was thinking about. So he had it and what's in her bag? Her id, her driver's license, everything. And this must have like led him straight back to her. Like a freaking creep, right? Like who does this? What a weirdo. Oh my God, so embarrassing.


Like he went back to her for what? Allegedly he came up to her while she was outside her house and he came up to her and he asked her, do you know who I am? And at the time, Henrietta said she didn't recognize him. So she responded by saying like, am I supposed to? And then after that, Lonnie turned around and like speed walked off. Later she would have that, you know, that moment of like, oh my God, was that the guy who attacked me that you know, she had a realization but after that, again, like she didn't know where he went and like how creepy is that?


God, I don't wanna imagine what would've happened if she said like, yeah, I actually do remember you, right? He's such a weirdo. Get a life. So all this was going on and the police seemed incapable of stopping it. Okay? So that's when the community started to take things into their own hand, okay? They were like, we're gonna stand up with so many women found dead. It was like, how the hell did this go on for so long? I mean Anitra survived her encounter with Lonnie in 1988. She met with police and told them the whole story, including all of the details she could remember about Lonnie, like the car, right?


And the description of him, the bullet wound, the bullet wound she survived was even a 25 caliber one. Like the same as the other 10 women who had been shot dead within the last three years. But police are like, we dunno man, we just dunno. This one's got us stumped. So according to Margaret Prescott who founded the Black Coalition fighting black serial killers back in the eighties, took notice that the police didn't care too much about what was going on. So she spoke to NPR back in like 2016. She said quote, we went down to what was the Parker Center police headquarters to find out about the murders, see what was being done about it and how the community was being informed.


We were told by the guy in charge, why are you concerned about it? He's only killing hookers. End quote. And I feel like that kind of tells us all the key reason as to why Lonnie had gotten away with killing for as long as he did. Because in the eyes of law enforcement, he wasn't, you know, he would've just, I think you get it. It's just nasty. It's just nasty. Why is it so hard for some people to just do their job like you got? That's all you gotta do is just do the job. Just do the job. That's all you gotta do.


Leave your personal shit at home, man. Do the job. So without any police support together with other members of the neighborhood, Margaret founded her organization. And not kidding, they were the ones who were actually tracking Lonnie's killings all the way back in the eighties. They had canvased the entire area with flyers. They talked to people on the street and they also put pressure on the police. I mean they were trying when nobody else was. And still even with the testimonies that they had, the similarities between the victims, like where they had all been found and how they all had been killed, nothing happened.


Oh my God. So as the decade sort of just petered out in the 1990s and early two thousands, most of like these cases just went completely, completely cold for 15 years. The police were honestly silent about this case. Anitra case was never even linked. I'm not kidding, you never even linked to the other murders that Lonnie had done. Time just kept on passing. They really didn't give a shit. They really didn't. And for over a decade these cases just sat on a shelf somewhere in the LAPD archives.


And as far as the people were concerned, if the killer was still out there, this person seemed to be long gone. They hadn't made any moves in quite some time, or at least that's what everyone thought. Okay? But then things started looking up because I'll tell you, I'll tell you, in the early two thousands, police got a brand new tool, DNA testing. Oh yeah. And that's when all things changed because hello DNA groundbreaking. And it was in 2000, at least in front Los Angeles, when they got the DNA testing because that's when they started using DNA testing to try and solve some of those dusty old case files.


And that's when police realize how dumb they've been. Literally because when the DNA from those old case files were examined, police discovered two things. One, many of the cold case murders were connected to one person. They were able to find and confirm DNA that was left behind on all of the victims that we've mentioned today. But they weren't able to link it to Lonnie yet because his DNA wasn't in the system, but they knew that all of the DNA connected. Does that make sense? Wow, I'm very, I just like really like went in on this one.


It's crazy. Thank God for DNA, right? Like again, I don't know how they were. So anyone was solving mysteries for fingerprints and DNA. The second thing they learned was even worse because the DNA attached to these cases from the 1980s matched that of DNA collected from crime scenes as recent as 2002 and 2003. So that's when police are realizing that Lonnie was still actively killing people. 15 years later I got the chills.


COVID-19 viruses like me change to fool your immune system and make you sick. But updated vaccines help protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and flu vaccinations sponsored by champions for vaccine education, equity and progress.


Get to Smoothie King today and try the new blueberry raspberry or watermelon lemonade smoothies. They're all made with real fruit, real juice and no bad stuff. Just check out the no-no list as smoothie king.com. Try the new lemonade smoothies at Smoothie King today.


That's so creepy. What a fucking weirdo. Oh my God. So they connected his DNA to the murder of 15-year-old princess and 30 5-year-old Valerie McCorvey. And both of them were found strangled and hidden the same way as his previous victims were. Then on New Year's Day 2007, dude, this guy's I know, he's just going forever. Are you paying attention? He's just going on New Year's Day 2007, the body of Janisha Peters a local 25-year-old, she was found in a dumpster. Like she was in a big black trash bag completely naked except for a necklace she had on.


She called her mother literally like the day before, super excited telling her that she had found a new place to live. And that was the last time anyone heard from her. It wasn't until a local news outlet broke the story about Janeisha Wass murdered and this for the first time, like on public TV or ever really this news station mentioned how it was connected to nine other murders that had happened in the area. 'cause police hadn't even done that. Like these, this news outlet did and like thank God for them. 'cause now people are like, holy shit, wait this is, this has been going on.


Like now people are starting to pay attention during this time is also how he was given the name The Grim Sleeper. Which is super spooky, right? I think that's the spookiest name of all. The Grim Sleeper. But he got this name because he had taken such a long break from killing. It's like he was asleep and now he's awoken. They got spooky with his name, right? The? Grim Sleeper, come on. That's spooky. I don't like that. Spooky. Now that the media was involved, you know, pressure was on the police to solve this. Finally in 2010 the state of California allowed for the use of something called a familial DNA search.


Essentially they wanted to see if the DNA they found on these women could be linked to anyone who was in their database. Like a relative, a son, a daughter, anyone. They're like, we will take anyone with similar DNA. They have that similar DNA that was found on all the victims and they can hopefully just find some kind of close match. And like today, nowadays this is pretty standard. But back then when this was going on it was pretty controversial at the time. Oh yeah. Because people didn't know like how factual it really was. So the police, you know, or whatever they do the DNA run to see if they get any hits and not even kidding.


It didn't even take that long because shortly after they had a DNA hit, I know a man by the name of Christopher Franklin. Who is this? It was Lonnie's son. What I know. Plot thickens. So he was in their system because of a weapons charge back in 2009. And during his arrest he was swabbed for DNA and put into, you know, the the little DNA system thing. Well they finally had a lead and a lead that took them to directly to Christopher's father Lonnie.


Ooh, Lonnie thought you can get away. I mean he got away for so long. Right? Okay, listen. Because the technique that they used to find him in the first place was very new and controversial at the time. The police had to be sure that they were right before they made any arrest. So they spent weeks tracking Lonnie around LA just watching him for like any type of suspicious activity. And they also wanted to collect some DNA, you know, and see if it matched the victims. But they were having a hard time having a very hard time. So there was one night in 2010? Yes. We're in 2010.


It's been a while, huh? Are they ever gonna solve this? 2010 they followed Lonnie to a pizza restaurant and they waited for him to finish eating. They thought this would be the perfect moment for them to get their DNA from his scraps. So they wait and they wait. Once Lonnie had thrown away his plate, his his food, whatever the detectives they swooped right in and they snatched that right outta the trash. They got some pizza crust, they got some napkins. There was one source that said a cup. Who cares? But they got his stuff and they were able to get DNA off of it. Is it ironic that the trash man got caught by his own trash?


I think it is. Is that ironic? I think that's the definition. Okay. So they used the DNA samples from those items to identify him. And guess what? It was a perfect match. Oh yeah, it was. It was a perfect match. It matched with the DNA on those victims. Two hours later, police go to his house, they lock off the street in front of Lonnie's home and they arrested him on suspicion of murder. It took them 25 years. Yeah, no biggie. Just 25 years. But finally, The Grim Sleeper was in police custody. This is a side comment and belongs nowhere in today's story, but I was watching the police footage of when they were arresting him and it was like outdoor footage of his house and stuff.


And I have to tell you, you guys, the house that he lived in, he painted it this ugly, horrible offensive pistachio color. Oh. Oh it's so ugly. I was reading in an article and it was like they picked him up in his cute family mint home, mint colored home. That was not mint. Oh, maybe it was actually either way it was horrible. Oh my god, I don't know who thought that was a good idea. Murderous house reviews next on the Disney channel. So after they searched his house, the police had found two key pieces of evidence, a 25 caliber handgun and hundreds.


Hundreds of Polaroids of women. And in these Polaroids they found the picture of Anitra Washington, the one that she had described to police in her interview years before. So this was only just more proof that one, she's not a fucking liar and two like hello, this is the guy, they never found his car. It's believed that it got junked or sold or something, you know, but they got the Polaroids. So now at this point they're thinking like, who are all these other women in the photos? Like are these all victims as well? Because most of them were completely unknown, which led to even more questions than answers.


And it got them thinking like, what did Lonnie do over the course of his 25 year career? I mean did he really stop killing from 1988 to 2002? Do you really think he stopped? I personally don't think he stopped, but no one was sure and no one had proof. But these photos were seen otherwise because I would bet you that he probably just got a little bit more strategic when he got caught. Well not when Anitra came out and said like what had happened to her. I bet you he laid low but he probably still killed and just went about it a different way. Plus the fact that he worked for the sanitation department to me says that like he knows how to dispose of a body if he wants to I mean.


I don't know, but and again, no one's even, no one even knows. So it doesn't matter 'cause no one knows the fact that he'd been linked to the murders of all 10 of these people combined with his collection of photos led many in the public and someone the in the police force to believe that The, Grim Sleeper hadn't really been sleeping at all. Really. Maybe he had just like gotten better at covering his tracks, but many believed they most likely ended up in landfills, many of his victims and would probably never be found, which is horrid. Even though Lonnie was arrested in 2010, he wasn't actually put on trial until 2016.


Yeah, part of the delay was because, well the fact that they had used the familial DNA testing to capture Lonnie again, it was very new, it was very controversial at the time and people were trying to fight it, saying that they shouldn't be allowed to use it in court. It and it just like pushed things back. It was really stupid and frustrating. Any who? So he sat in jail up until like 2014, when finally a California judge ruled that his half finished pizza was indeed acceptable as evidence. And then finally this would lead to his formal trial.


Yeah, they're trying to fight the The pizza, the pizza evidence. And listen, it was a hell of a trial, let me tell you that. It took three months and included testimony from Anitra who openly confronted Lonnie and the jury recounting everything he had done to her. They even asked Ingrid the girl he attacked in Germany. They asked her to fly out to Los Angeles and testify against him, which she did almost four decades later. And she was still like ready and willing to help put this guy away, which absolutely loved that. Same with a nitra. Like that's not easy to confront this fucking bozo weirdo who killed a lot of people.


you know, that's, I couldn't imagine being in that seat. In the end, Lonnie was convicted on 10 counts of murder. Then during the penalty phase, the prosecution connected him to at least 15 more. That meant that by the end of his trial he was connected to as many as 25 murders. 25. Oh dude, Lonnie, when he was arrested, he was 57 years old and at the time of his conviction he was 63. So it took six years from the time he was arrested to finally put him away forever.


And then, ugh, I hate this. He tapped out just four years later, Lonnie was found dead in his prison cell in San Quentin on March 28th, 2020. They don't know how he died. Maybe even covid, huh? 'cause that was like covid time. But that's so lame. According to the people in the prison, there were no signs of trauma, no signs of like suicide attempt just tapped out. Lonnie, not kidding you, he maintained his innocence all the way up to his death all the way through his trial, everything. It was obvious that the past had caught up with him, but, and they had hardcore proof, but he didn't want to accept it.


Some of his friends in his neighborhood thought it was madness to accuse Lonnie because he was such a nice guy. They believed that he was being targeted or framed. But once the DNA gets matched, it seems pretty open and shut. Like DNA right doesn't lie. And like the bullets all matched the gun that they found at his house. And of course even without the DNA or the gun or whatever, all the pictures he had, all the pictures like you can't not think he didn't do it. Wait, what am I saying? It's him. He swore he didn't though. But man, what a crazy life I mean.


He kept this such a big secret for so long that everybody was shook it to their core that he would do this. Like it didn't make sense. And like that's crazy, right? Well to you you're probably like, no, but the nice guy in your neighborhood like, that's so scary. I don't know what I'm getting at. Just this one spooked me. Okay, look, here's all we can say. Next time you're walking home and someone offers you a ride, don't take that ride call an Uber. Which is kind of stupid because calling an Uber is also hopping in a car with somebody you don't know. But at least it's a little safer. Or call a friend just don't. Wow. What a journey, huh?


I truly believe he has way more victims. And it's sad that those families will probably never get closure unfortunately because his bozo died. I hate when they don't confess. It's like, dude, you're locked up for life. Just confess and like give the families closure, right? That part drives me nuts. And really I hope his son is okay. I mean it's gotta be hard finding out your dad is a fucking serial killer. I would be like, what? I really didn't see that one coming. I'd be nuts. Anyways, I, hope you have a really good rest of your day. Please be safe out there, okay? Make good choices. But other than that, I, hope you have a wonderful day. You make good choices and I'll be seeing you guys later.


Goodbye


Hardy. Fiber cement, siding, handles conditions that can cause damage to vinyl. From fire to hail Hardy Siding stands tall through it all. Helping trade professionals look their best when they recommend Hardy Siding and Trim. See the proof@jameshardy.com.