
Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo Fish, big Mac Dent, fe's McNuggets, or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


Accelerate your zero trust journey with Wiz For Government. A comprehensive cloud security platform trusted by over 40% of the Fortune 100 companies. That empowers the government to secure everything they build and run in the cloud. Wiz is a unified cloud security solution that provides full visibility, effective risk reduction, automated compliance assessment, and AI security capabilities in the cloud. So public sector agencies can innovate in the cloud while staying secure. Learn more at wiz.io/gov. That's w z.io/gov.


Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday, which means it's Murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. Okay, so lemme tell you a little bit, a little introduction for you. Quiet City of Petersburg, Russia. Now police, they made a chilling discovery in 2015 that would shock the nation and earn one elderly woman, the infamous title of the Killer Granny. Oh yes. Oh yes. What was her name? You asked Tamara Sam Nova, an unassuming, soft-spoken senior known to her neighbors as a polite and gentle woman, but behind her kind face lurked a horrifying truth.


One that would eventually like reveal her as a suspected serial killer with a taste for murder, dismemberment, and dark ritual. I know. I mean, imagine like opening a decal diary and finding pages upon pages describing brutal killings written by the very grandmother who lived down the hall. Today we dive into the twisted mind and gruesome acts of Tamara Sam Nova. I mean, what drove her to commit these heinous crimes and how did she manage to go unnoticed for decades? So buckle in Kitty Kat because today's story is just like, what? What?


Grandma? Grandma? No. So Tamara was born on April 25th, 1947 in the city of Oju, I think is how you say oj, which is a government town in central Russia. Now, it wasn't like a super big place back then. From what I understood online was that like 20,000 people were living there at the time that she was living there. Tamara grows up there, but there's really not like much else that we know about her childhood, but it is Russia. So, you know, I'm sure it wasn't rainbows and lollipops, but that's just my assumption.


So Tamara, when she graduates high school, she ends up moving like 14 hours across the country to attend college in Moscow. So in Moscow, Tamara, she enrolls at Moscow State Linguistic University. So she's like learning languages, she's living the city life and she seems to be good at it, learning languages. I wish I could. And then once she graduates from college, she moves to line grad, which eventually turns into St. Petersburg. So we'll just call it St. Petersburg because that's what it is now. So at this time it's the early seventies and she's living in St.


Petersburg. It's a big city. There's like almost 4 million people who live there. And you know, amongst all these people out there, she meets a guy named Alexi. Not the one who invented Tetris. Do you know that story? Should I tell you the history of Tetris? 'cause it's actually really interesting, but I should focus. I am distracted. I had a Red Bull. So the two hit it off and she eventually marries, she marries Alexi. So the newly ones soon move into a newly built panel house in the Cochina area. Okay, shut up. I'm trying.


But panel houses were like these low cost buildings that popped up all over the Soviet Union after World War ii. They were cheap and like easy to build. So you know, when the city was growing, they built these quickly to accommodate the growing population. So she gets into one of those. After that, she ends up getting a job, working as a travel agent. She was putting her linguistics degree to good use. So she's working at, as a travel agent. She's like great with people. She's a sweet, nice lady who speaks again a lot of languages. So people just like her. Then she gets a job working at the Grand Hotel Europe, which was like this fancy hotel that got a lot of foreign visitors.


And it turns out Tamara was like really good at this fancy hotel job because she ended up working there for 16 years before retiring. So she retires and nobody really knows what she was up to at this time. But what we do know is that shortly after she retired, Tamara's husband Alexi, he just like goes missing. Now listen, him and Tamara had been together for like 30 years at this point, and then suddenly, poof, he's gone.


Do you guys remember that feeling when you were a kid and you were walking into the mall? Oh, it was so cool. It was like, well, you know, I mean, yeah, I only had like $8 in my pocket, but I could go to Claire's really quick and like get some barrettes. Just felt like the world was at my fingertips. Shopping was so fun and it's just so hard to replicate that online because of how hard it is to set up a great retail experience through a screen. You know, especially If you have multiple stores, big staff, fulfillment center, separate workflows, I mean what the, it's a lot. But with Shopify point of sale, you can do it all without the complications. Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. It brings together in-store and online operations across 1000 locations guaranteeing that shopping will always be convenient for your customers. Wow. With Shopify POS, you can keep shoppers coming back with personalized experiences and first party data that give marketing teams a competitive edge. In fact, it's proven based on a report from EY businesses on Shopify POS see real results, like 22% better total cost of ownership and benefits, equivalent to an 8.9% uplift in sales on average relative to the market set surveyed capture that just walked into the mall feeling with Shopify. Want more? Check out at shopify.com/makeup. All lowercase makeup is all lowercase and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. shopify.com/makeup, the makeup is all lowercase.


So tomorrow goes to authorities and she reports Alexi missing. She's like, my husband's missing. Like I don't know what to do. And then she tells him, I, I think he ran off with another woman. Yeah, she tells the police that Alexi ran off with some other lady. So there wasn't much urgency to go looking for him because like it, that sounds like a marital problem. You know, they don't really care. So now that Alexi is gone, Tamara, she decided to start renting out her room in her apartment, you know, extra income, that's great. But it turns out she had like a really hard time keeping them around. I wonder why it was said that Tamara was kind of difficult to live with.


Her neighbors actually would later say they remembered hearing a lot of like loud banging on the radiator. They would hear yelling and all sorts of just like loud noises coming from her, her apartment pretty often. So as soon as like a new roommate would come in, they would quickly move out as a neighbor. They're like, of course they're watching. They're like, this lady's crazy watch. I give him five days, he'll be out. But Tamara, she didn't just like let her feelings out on her roommates. No, she also kept like details of her life in her diaries. She was, she has had diaries for years, but she would write in her diaries in like Russian, English and sometimes German.


It was just like where she expressed her thoughts on life and you know, she'd like write down things like she slept badly, she drank coffee, took medicine, normal diary stuff. And Tamara, she had like a lot of interest. She like writing songs, music. Apparently she had lots of like books about black magic and astrology. Like she loved that shit. Okay, so a few years go by and it's like 2014. Tamara decides to renovate her apartment and it was great timing because she had just been introduced to 79-year-old Valentina Nicona.


Nailed that. Valentina, she's almost 80, right? So she was looking for someone to like move into her place who could help around with chores and around the, the house or whatever. Tamara at this point is 68 and Tamara tells Valentina she'll move in and like help her with the housework and whatever. So it's like great arrangement while Tamara's apartment's getting renovated, she can stay with this lady. Well it turns out like a, what's her name? Tamara, she like really loved this new little setup she had going on. She loved Valentina's place. Unfortunately the feeling was not mutual. I guess like over time the relationship between Tamara and Valentina started to just go south and Valentina like asked Tamara to move out and Tamara's like, no, I'm not moving out.


Actually that's crazy, crazy you bring that up 'cause that's not happening. Valentina told her that she was pretty much tired of her. It's like she wasn't really keeping up with housework or anything like that. She was just pretty much being a squatter. Okay, either way Valentina was like, please leave and Tamara just like kept refusing. Then in July of 2015 they got into a bad fight over unwashed dishes. I get it. No one likes doing the dishes. So apparently in neither of them wanted to clean the dirty, dirty dishes, which is fair, you know, except the whole reason that Tamara was living there was to help Valentina with her housework.


So it was, you know, annoying, right? Tamara couldn't keep up with the bargain and once again she was just being an inconvenience to Valentina. So instead of tomorrow moving out, like you know, she was asked, Tamara decides I need to get rid of Valentina, she's a problem. So she decides Tamara, she decides she's going to poison her. I know big, big jump here. I was like, okay, alright. She's about to get aqua. So Tamara, she later said that she panicked because she was scared to live at her home. Which I was like, okay, okay. And if she killed Valentina, she could live in peace for another five months 'cause that's when the renovation would be done.


So, okay, alright. So anyways, the two of them fight over unwashed cups and Tamara, you know, she's had enough. So she goes out and she buys some drugs for the poisoning. She drives to a nearby city and she somehow convinces a pharmacist to sell her a prescription drug called Zepa, which according to the internet is like a Xanax type of drug. It has a very calming effect. Make you knock you out. I guess this drug was actually developed in Russia to treat neurological disorders like insomnia and anxiety. So the pharmacist ends up handing over 50 pills to Tamara.


She's like, thank you. And she goes back to Valentina's. When she's back at Valentina's, Tamara, she ends up cooking one of Valentina's favorite meals and Olivier salad, which I guess is like a traditional Russian dish. I'm sorry if I butchered the name, but it's made with peas, potatoes, carrots, onions, pickles, eggs, and like some sort of meat. And they mix it all together with mayo. So it was like the perfect meal to sprinkle in some pills. And by sprinkle in, I mean Tamara literally put all 50 pills into the salad and then she served it to poor Valentina who had no clue what was going on.


So Tamara gives Valentina her food and then go, ends up like going to bed waiting for the pills to kick in. But around 2:00 AM Tamara, she wakes up and she goes down to the kitchen and that's where she finds Valentina's body just laying on the kitchen floor. Now this is where like reports get a little wonky, but some say that Valentina was still alive when Tamara found her. But either way it didn't stop Tamara from doing what she did. Next, dismember Valentina, Tamara later told police she did all of this in the kitchen because Valentina was too heavy to carry into the bathroom.


So it's unclear what Tamara did with the, the body parts and the organs. But we do know she wrapped the rest of the body parts in pieces of a, like a shower curtain. Yeah. And then she placed them in plastic bags before dumping them in a pond near her neighborhood. CCTV footage actually like caught Tamara dragging plastic bags to the pond seven different times. I mean, okay, all right, now it's about three days later. It's like July 26th, 2015 and there's a couple who's out walking their dog just minding their own business by the pond.


And this dog became very interested in a bag that had, you know, come ashore. So the couple, they decide to open the bag, what's in the box only to see a headless and limbless torso. Could you imagine? No. So of course they called the police right away and police actually the night of Tamara's murder, they got a phone call from someone who saw Tamara out by the pond dropping bags into the pond. So that person called the police. So now the police are like, oh shit, something's going on here, right?


Hoping that they're putting the pieces together. And then on top of that, talk about a bad day to murder someone because a social worker had stopped by to see Valentina to make sure everything's okay, you know? And Tamara had refused to let her into the apartment. So all the pieces are coming together very quickly.


The other day I hit a wall, I was invited to this party that I was super excited for, but as the party got closer and closer, I started getting more and more nervous. I had nothing to wear. Oh, I panic shopped online. And of course you know, you order it and it, it comes next day and then like it doesn't fit, doesn't, it doesn't look good on you. I always have to remind myself I'm not a five foot nine supermodel and that's why the dress looks different on me than it did on the website. Do you know what I'm saying? So for the party, I just wore what I always wear my black dress that If you ever see me out in public, I'm probably wearing it. I'm actually gonna wear it tonight 'cause I'm going to a party tonight. I have nothing to wear. I'm gonna wear that black dress, I wear it everywhere. I don't really give a shit anymore. I give up because you know why shopping sucks. Okay, I know a lot of you can relate, but thankfully there's a better way to shop online with Stitch Fix. Stitch Mix is an online personal styling service that makes shopping easy and hey, if you're like me and you really just dunno where to start, stitch Fix has your back. They pair you with a Stitch Fix stylist who curates pieces that they know will work for me. I just give my stylist my size, style and budget preferences and they send just for me pieces plus outfit recommendations and styling tips. They're like, girl, put this with this, wear it. And I'm like, oh, I would've never done that. The best part is I can keep what I love. And then If you know you don't love something else, you can send, send it back, send back the rest with Stitch Fix. They don't force you into, you know, a subscription service. Okay? You can order boxes when you want and how you want it. Okay? No stores, no crowds, no last minute panic ordering online, just personalized looks that you will love. Stitch Fix makes it all so easy. Personal styling for everyone. Get started today at stitch fix.com/makeup. That's stitch fix.com/makeup.


So the police come out, they start to question people in the neighborhood and realize that nobody had seen Valentina in days. So police, they also, they go out to the pond, they collect the bags, they do all that stuff. And one day after finding these body parts, police were able to link them to Valentina. So police, they head back to Valentina's house, they go to Valentina's house and then they knock on the door and guess who answers Tamara answers? Of course she does. She's like, this is my house. Now, apparently Tamara was very welcoming. She told the police officers to come on in, don't be shy, come on in.


So once the police get inside, you know police are looking around as they do and they find traces of blood in the kitchen and the bathroom. And then they realized, hey wait a minute, the shower curtain has been torn off. Hmm, that's a little odd ma'am. So the investigators, they confronted Tamara and they were like, look babe, listen, there's blood, there's blood, there's evidence. Plus no one has seen Valentina in days. And without hesitation, Tamara was like, okay, you got me. Like she didn't even try and deny, which is good because you know, they didn't have to like chase her down.


I guess the bright side here, she told the officers like, I murdered Valentina. It was I. So the police, you know, they obviously arrest her. They're like Okay great, thank you for confessing. So once she's arrested in in custody, she tells the police the whole fight over the dishes, which must have just sounded ridiculous, right? She tells 'em about buying the drugs at the, the pharmacy and putting like all 50 pills in her salad. And the police then, you know, they searched Valentina's apartment and that's where they ended up finding Tamara's diary. And let me tell you this lady, she told her diary everything, which is great for investigators, not great for her.


Not that I wanted to be great for her, you know, it was like, girl, come on. I mean even though her diary was written in three different languages, they were still able to decipher it and read everything. The investigators, they realized they were not just reading a diary full of songs and poetry. There was handwritten confessions to several other murders. Several other murders. Like she was a very, very busy lady. She really was. So remember how Tamara used to have roommates keyword used to? Yeah, well according to her diary, she killed some of them.


She was like, I dunno, they were annoying me including one of her earliest tenants. His name was Veia. Well she wrote in her diary that she caught him to pieces in the bathroom. She put pieces of him into plastic bags and then threw them away in different parts of, through different like district area. The name is real, real difficult. Okay, another diary entry described how she dismembered the body of a 44-year-old man named Serge. Both Navin, I'm so sorry, Serge or Sergei. Yeah, but she, she did that, okay, I guess Tamara and him had some kind of argument and murder was the answer.


She decided to kill him. She put his body parts in different plastic bags and dumped them around the neighborhood. And it turns out in 2003 a headless armless and legless man's body had been found on the same street that Tamara had mentioned in her diary. But it had gone unsolved. Damn. I know she also wrote in her diary about his tattoos. So it was connecting the, the dots for investigators. They didn't have to do much investigating, they just read the diary and they're like, oh okay, all the answers are here. After her arrest Serge's business card and traces of his blood were also found in her apartment.


So it just really solidified the situation. In her diary she wrote about how much she loved Valentina. So I don't know, but you know, that didn't work out. There were also things written in the diary that made it sound like Tamara had like eaten her, her victims allegedly she liked cutting out their lungs and eating them based on her diary. But they were never officially reported like in the media or I don't know, they were never like officially reported on. So it's like hard to know if that's true or not. But police also never released information about possible cannibalism because there was no physical evidence to prove that Tamara actually ate her victims because she ate the evidence.


You know? So they don't really know. But Tamara told the police that her diary entries were real. So she's like, yeah that happened and maybe she did. She seems like she tells her diary everything. So at this point, sure I'd believe it. So according to her she would eat parts of the lungs, legs and pieces of the head of her victims before disposing everything else. What was she making? Like some kind of soup or something? Was she giving it to other people? That's what I was like. Hmm, I don't know. Go over to grandma's house for dinner and she's giving you head. Oh sorry, not like that actual head, you know, sorry, flagged.


It's over for me. Grandma's not giving you head. Sorry, I am having a day. So on July 29th, 2015, Tamara is taken to the Frezy district court of St. Petersburg and they actually put her in a cage in the courtroom. She's like, I'm being treated like an animal. It's like, girl, you ate people, it's valid. I think you need to be in a cage. Even though Tamara tomorrow's in a cage, she's still able to talk to journalists. So she turns to the media and she's telling them kind of like, I knew this day would come. I don't know why she has a southern accent, but she does, in my mind she doesn't. She's a Russian, okay And that, you know, it's such a disgrace that the whole city will know what I did.


But she also told reporters that she was being haunted by a maniac upstairs who forced her to kill people were assuming she meant that like she was hearing vo voices in her head but not fully sure there, there was no clarification. Most of the time in court she was like behaving quite strangely. They said, I wonder why she either had her head in her hands and she'd be like hiding from the camera. I think she was more ashamed of being caught like, oh my god, everyone's gonna know. Like she was embarrassed of that. Or there were other times when she was crying, which again I just think like she was embarrassed to be caught and like have her name ruined.


Which is like, okay then why'd you do it girl. But then there were other times where she'd be sitting up proudly and even flirting with the court and the media. She's like blowing kisses hi and like fixing her hair for them trying to act all cute. And then there was another time where she acted like she didn't know where she was. So people were like, is she putting on an act or is she like what's going on? In one translation of what she told the judge, Tamara said all of the killings were deliberate that for the last 10 years she had been preparing for this day. And to quote close the chapter with the murder of Valentina, this is what she said, allegedly she wanted to to be known as a serial killer, which like goes against what how she was behaving, said damn girl, make up your mind.


So I guess when when she killed Valentina she realized she had nowhere to live and she was like, I should just live in prison. So I'll just confess. Which is weird 'cause I thought she was getting her place renovated, but maybe that was just all a lie. I don't know what to believe with this lady. So Tamara, she ended up telling the judge that she was indeed guilty And that she deserved the punishment. Good for her. The judge announced to the court that Tamara would be held in custody to which Tamara smiled and clapped her hands. So she gets put in jail while she's awaiting trial and also while the police like continue their investigation, even though she had confessed to all sorts of murders, it was kind of hard to take Tamara's word on things because she had told the police just lots of like mm, very colorful stories, you know?


And many of them were like contradicting each other. So it was like, I don't know, they didn't know what to believe. She also told police that she was an actress and a graduate of a very like well-known ooh la la type of school. VA nova, I think it's called Vaga, Nova Academy of Russian Ballet. And then she changed her story saying she worked at one of the city's most prestigious hotels. So police obviously had a hard time trying to like piece the story together on their own 'cause she was just talking saying shit, I don't know, maybe she was trying to come off like she didn't know what she was doing, you know, she's like, I'm dunno, I'm just like a little old lady, help me.


I dunno what I'm talking about. But you know, police, they reviewed all the CCTV footage they got of her dumping the bags into the pond and at least they had that and they also had CCTV footage of Tamara carrying like the sauce pan, which was believed to have the hands in the head, but they never found it. So I don't know where she put that. So now it's November of 2015 and Tamara tomorrow's been in custody for a few months again waiting for trial and the court has her undergo a psych exam. I mean this may not be surprising because the psych came back And that said like Tamara would is a danger to herself and society.


So yeah, that was the review. So a month later in December of 2015, she moved to a special psychiatric prison in Kaza until police finished the full investigation. At one point during the investigation they had talked to Tamara's family and neighbors and friends, you know, and according to a lot of them they said that Tamara would brag that one day she would be famous and popular. Yeah, Tamara was telling everyone that she would eventually cause a sensation. I don't know what sensation tingling, stabbing sensation.


I don't know. She never said like why or how but like that's what she always told people. And then Tamara's neighbor who like knew, knew Tamara for like 15 years said that Tamara was really interested in the serial killer Andre Chickillo, AKA, the red ripper, which I did an episode on him many moons ago, a long time ago. But she kind of was like really in interested in him, you know what I mean? This guy Andre, he and like killed an Eaton, at least 52 women in the late seventies and nineties. Yeah, he was very busy and according to the neighbor, Tamara had like lots of knowledge about this murderous Andre guy.


The neighbor said that back in the day Tamara would sit topless with her back to the window. He was like, yeah, I don't know how I know that, but I just know that she did that a lot And that tomorrow's body was quite attractive. He was like okay, you didn't have to give that much information but alright guy, I don't know what this has to do with anything, but that's what the neighbor said, that her body was very attractive and she was sit naked sometimes I wasn't looking but I noticed that she was doing that. But this neighbor actually did give a little information that may have been helpful. They said that Tamara asked to borrow their hacksaw years back and she never returned it rude.


But now that we know she murdered all these people and like cut 'em up, she probably was using it. It was also revealed in the investigation that Tamara had been in and out of mental institutions at least three times over the past 15 years. I guess the doctors thought that she had schizophrenia, you know, schizophrenia, you know schizo, you know her hallucinations, delusions, it's thought disorder, movement disorder. Honestly it sounds really scary and awful. But remember Tamara had said that she was haunted by like a maniac upstairs, which maybe it was in her head that doesn't excuse her behavior, but it's like, oh maybe it was it.


It was that. So investigators, they also talked to one of Tamma Tamara's school friends from back in the day. And this school friend told police that Tamara had apparently killed her own mother-in-law. I know. I was like, girl what? Why wouldn't you say anything? Well, Tamara had threatened this friend saying Look, If you say anything I'm gonna cut you up into pieces and throw you out to the dogs so don't make me angry or I'll do it. And so the friend was like, okay, guess I won't say anything. Alright, sounds good. So while the police are learning all this stuff from Tamara's friends and neighbors, Tamara is still in treatment at the special hospital there she gets officially diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and it's determined she is unfit to stand trial.


So the judge orders Tamara to spend the rest of her life in a mental institution where for years to come it showed that she continued to be a threat to those around her and herself And that she required special monitoring. So remember how I mentioned like there's possibly other victims that Tamara had written about in her diary? Well, many investigators believe like she killed a lot more people. Some reports say she killed like 11, there was 11 murders and then others say 14 different murders. But we know that some of them were like a handful of her tenants who just disappeared.


But it's hard to confirm because the police did not have solid evidence aside from her diary and her own confessions. So yeah, you know what they say, like without a body, like it's hard to prove anything. But her diary did reference both cannibalism and the occult. So people were like, well maybe that's why she had all those black magic books in her apartment trying to link it to like that. I don't know. Police also suspect that Tamara killed and dismembered her husband. Yeah, remember him? Yeah, in the very beginning, the guy who allegedly ran off with another woman. Well turns out police think that Tamara killed him.


I mean why wouldn't she at this point? Geez, you know, but again, they can't confirm because nobody knows where the bodies are. Now as for Tamara, guess what? She's still alive. I was kind of surprised. I don't know why, but I was. And she's is still continuing to live out her days in the high security psychiatric prison hospital and as one source to the investigation put it, we may never know the extent of the granny's killings. Maybe one day she will give a full confession. I doubt she will just because I think she would've done it by now. She's probably not. Well how about they just released the diary? I'd love to read that.


I mean I wouldn't love it, but like, you know, I'm just curious. I would read it if it were available. So that is the awful story of Tamara Sams Nova, she was a killer who killed for who knows why. 'cause she wasn't getting money for it. She was just like killing for fun. And you don't, to be fair, you don't really hear a lot of women murderers who just kill for fun. It's always like the man, sorry, but it's kind of like it's true, right? Women always kill passion. It's always impassionate killing. So the fact that she did and like nobody can figure out why it was pretty rare she wasn't gaining anything from it.


I don't know how, I don't know what was her motive? Why did you think she's just sick and she was just killing? Yeah, I guess so. I mean that's really it, Bailey. I think that's it. Could you imagine if one day you wake up and you find out your grandma had killed a bunch of people and was a serial killer and you're like, grandma, grandma, that must be wild. I hope you have a good day. You make good choices and I'll be seeing you guys later. Goodbye.