
How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover Today's actually Friday. So yes, happy fry. A random stranger in the elevator. Happy Fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


Come immerse yourself in the time as always. Now, artists reframed a black figure. An exhibition now on view through February 9th, making its US premier at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. The exhibition explores how 28 artists perceive the world pay homage to history and find new ways of exalting. Black life tickets are on sale now and members get free and unlimited access to the exhibition. Let us help you plan your visit@philmuseum.org.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday, but then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover today's actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Friday. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


If Recent temperatures are any indication it looks like we're in for another cold winter, make sure your residential or commercial heating system will keep you warm all season long by calling the five star heating experts at Crop Metcalf. A crop Metcalf five star technician has the training and tools to properly fix and maintain your system and can catch potential problems before you're left out in the cold. Call one 800 Go Crop or visit crop metcalf.com. And remember, crop Metcalf is the one with five stars Crop met Cap home of the five star technician.


Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday, which means it's Murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. Hi, if you are new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I like to sit down and talk about a true crime story that's been heavy on my nugget and I do my makeup at the same time. If you're interested in true crime and you like makeup, I would say subscribe. Let's talk about today's story 'cause it's interesting. Let me tell you, it makes for a really interesting discussion and you'll see. So today we're talking about like it's a, the strange story of this guy named Gilberto Valley.


And you know, he's a man who once swore to protect and serve the people of New York City. You know, he was known to his friends and his colleagues as a dedicated police officer. But Gil, he harbored a sinister double life that would shock everyone. Oh my God. He was dubbed The Cannibal Cop by the media and his arrest revealed a web of twisted fantasies, detailed plans and a very dark descent into the world of cannibalism. Ugh. You know, if you've been watching me for a long time, you know cannibalism is always like an interest. Is that okay to say am I allowed? Yeah, like it just fascinates me 'cause it's so far removed that of anything I've ever experienced.


Right. Cannibalism, right. Okay, great. So you know, it's like was was Gil a monster or was he just a man with a dangerous imagination? Hmm. Well, we'll see. So Gilberto, Gilberto Valley II was born on April 14th, 1984 in Queens, New York. He had siblings, he had, I think he was the oldest brother and he had like two younger siblings. It was said that in the household, his parents, they fought a lot and they ended up getting separated when Gil was like five years old. Now, I have to say right off the bat that Gil, he actually wrote a book After all this happened.


So he wrote a book about the whole experience and I read that. I read it and it's wild. But a lot of the stuff I'm talking about today, like I got from his book. So according to his book, nothing significant happened. Like in his upbringing, he said that he grew up in a quiet, safe neighborhood in Queens, New York, where for the most part, like nothing really happened. Gil would say that during his childhood there was like a lot of trips to theme parks. He had a lot of friends, he was popular in school, which at first he said like in elementary school and whatnot, he wasn't popular. Like he was really quiet. But then as he got older, he became popular in school, but he got really good grades and he played baseball at the age of 11.


Gil said that he started getting those sexual fantasies that boys start to experience, you know, around this age. But he said that his fantasies were a little different. He found himself to be interested in bondage and s and m stuff. Yeah, like 11. Alright, good for him. You know, he didn't know why he was interested in these things, but the interest chose him. He didn't choose the interest. So Gil said he would always fantasize about girls and like imagine them tied up and like that's just what he was into. So he ended up going to Archbishop Malloy high school, private Catholic high school.


He got in on like a partial scholarship I think for baseball. Like he was really good at it. And then when he was there, he played on the baseball team. He said, you know, it was the nineties and like a lot of kids in the nineties, he was introduced to the internet, a OL specifically welcome. This was an exciting time. A OL, ugh. It was so fun. He said he would like, you know, log in like many of us did. Go into chat rooms, pretend to be someone else, be like a SL and nobody knew who he was online, he could be whoever he wanted. I mean it was fun, it was exciting. And again, he would often end up in like chat rooms just talking to random people. So like most kids in the beginning, you know, it was fun, exciting chat rooms and all that.


And then naturally, naturally everyone ends up, you know, you end up looking at porn and he, this, what I'm getting at is that he found porn for the first time. Now this was exciting naked people. He's like, I'm in. So on his free time just surfing the web, but during high school is when Gil said that he kind of like first fell, he fell in love for like the first time he met a girl named Melanie. So him and Melanie became good friends and he wanted more. But you know, she, she wasn't, she didn't feel the same way. And according to Gil, again, in his book, he went in on his book, he, there are so many paragraphs about what he liked to jerk off to.


I was like, wow, he's really just sharing this. All right. In his book, he'd, he would say that he was fantasizing about this girl all the time. And when he would fantasize about her, it was always, you know, intense. He was thinking about her like tied up, gagged, helpless. It was not going along. And he even said like in his mind she was always in all sorts of peril. And then he would fantasize about her being cooked and and eaten as one does, you know, as one does. And this is just what he was in. Now he is like, yeah. So around this time he found more intense, like bondage scenarios online.


He liked looking at pictures of women being held against their will and he would bust one out over it. She's just, alright, you know, shit, I don't know what to say and I'm not here to king. Shame not here to king shame. It's just what he was into. So he finished high school and he ends up going to college and he gets a, I think he gets a degree in psychology. And then he, he picks criminal justice as his second major and he goes to like the University of Maryland in, in 2006. So Gil would say, you know, during his college classes it was difficult to focus because the girls there were just gorgeous.


And it was really funny to me because in his book he went on to say what he did not do. Lemme tell you like he said, he would not sit in class and daydream about how he wished he could be hog tying and gagging every good looking woman in the room. He did not, that's what he said in the book. And then he also said that he did not go around looking at beautiful women while secretly imagining them dressed up like a Turkey or roasting on a rotisserie. No, he didn't do any of that. He said, I was like, all right, sure, okay, all right. But he did not do that. Gil did well in college. He said that he had a typical college experience.


He would go to parties, he would hang out with friends, he played pranks on people like all the guys did, you know. And he hooked up with girls. According to him though, like he didn't have sex with anyone. He just like messed around with girls. But he never had like sexual relations with anyone. During fall semester of his junior year, he was living in a dorm with a kid they called Rain Man. That was like his nickname. And I guess Rainman had a variety of porn DVDs, like a, a big collection. Okay. And this is where Gil was like introduced to different fantasies he didn't even know existed.


So this got him curious and really just wanting more. So he started like searching for this stuff on the internet. There was one he specifically mentioned, it was like this porn DVD where it was like this lady she's living and then she dies and she goes to hell and then she gets like gang banged by like Satan's helpers or something. And he was like, this one did it for me. It was like, okay, alright. So he's searching the web looking for more, for more, right? And he comes across this website called Mookie's. I think it's Mookie's Kitchen not sponsored, it's like a fetish website but it's based around cannibalism. Yeah. And it's like this website where he's first introduced to something like this, the whole cannibalism situation.


So this was like the first intro to something like this. He thought it was like just something in his imagination that maybe he made up, you know, he didn't, didn't know that this genre existed. So this website kind of led him to more and more websites with cannibal related porn and also message boards. And it's the message boards where he got an intro into like people writing fictional stories about their sexual fantasies, creative writing sessions you could say. He said that some of the stories that stuck out to him were gory and involved fantasies of kidnapping and cooking non-consensual victims.


So Gil said after discovering these websites, he no longer worried like if there was anything wrong with him, you know, like that kind of guilt and shame. 'cause it made him realize that there were other people out there who were into this as well, you know? And it was like, oh cool, like I'm kind of normal, you know? But still at this point, you know, he kept us all secret. He never like shared his fantasies with anyone and he just kept all this to him self.


I love the holidays and I know it's an expensive time of the year. It always is the food, the travel, the gifts that you end up buying for yourself and then you're like, oh yeah, I should get gifts for other people too. And then you're like, whoops, I don't have any more money left. You know, I'm always like, I'm gonna stick to my budget this Christmas and then it doesn't work out. But that's why today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, your kids and your retirement. Even during the holidays. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you. You don't need a ton of time. You can create your Acorns account and start automatically investing your money in just five minutes. Acorn will be helping you build your financial future in the background So you can focus on the fun parts like shopping parties, travel candles, dogs, cats, you know, whatever you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. That could be $5 a day or even just your spare change. Acorns can round every purchase you make up to the dollar and automatically invest your spare change for you so that you know peppermint mocha latte you grabbed while you were shopping. Well okay? They'll roll it over and then they'll invest. That's investing. And you can get bonus investments just for buying the stuff you need from the brands you love. With Acorns, every single gift you buy this year could put more money into your investment account. It's like cash back, but the bonus investments have a chance to grow. Head to acorns.com/makeup or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future. Today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash makeup.


So in the middle of his senior year of college, he like left for the weekend to go back to New York and take the NYPD exam. You know, he decided that he wanted to work for the police department after he graduated college. Well he ended up doing really well and passing, so that's great. I think. So after college he ended up like moving back to New York and he lived with his father while he continued like the application process to work for NYPD, part of this process of like working for NYPD, they had to do like a psychological exam and also they had to do, or he had to do like a face-to-face evaluation with the psychologist, you know, to make sure that he's mentally well enough to work for the police department.


So Gil of course, he said of course like he didn't bring up his fetishes and stuff because he didn't see a reason as to why he should understandable. So while going through the hiring process, he was still looking up, you know, his cannibal related pornography. And then I guess he started like using Facebook to seek out pictures of women he knew and like sexy clothing or bikinis for his own visual fantasies. During his police trainings it was said that they would send like all the rookies to like really rough parts of the neighborhood to like patrol and learn and you know, it was a high stress job, it was rough, but he made it through.


So on his downtime when he wasn't working, you know, he's still visiting his favorite sites and a lot of different forums and there was one that he visited like all the time because daily there were new photos uploaded and new stories and it was like very exciting and he always had something to like get off to, you know. Then Gil said he like considered contributing and like writing some things on these forums, but he would dismiss it thinking like if anyone found it it would be really embarrassing. And it just seemed way too risky. So in 2009 Gil created a dating profile on eHarmony and Okay Cuban 'cause he had heard from like the guys at work that you know, it was successful for them and he is like, okay, maybe it'll work out for me.


So he said he went on a couple of dates but then he ended up like getting ghosted. Yeah, it happens. And at this point in 2009 he had been working for the NYPD for like three years now, but he was ready to find a partner and you know, maybe something more, you know, but it was hard still after work he would browse the web and do his thing there and eventually it led him to this website called the Dark Fetish Network or DFN. Now I guess it was like the intro to DFN that really got him excited. This is what it says. I guess I, I didn't check, I didn't wanna like put it on my computer. But the intro to it says like welcome to the social network where you won't feel like an outcast 'cause of your dark fetish.


Why? Because this place is created by people like you. For people like you. Isn't that like a logo for something saying for something else like PBS Anyways, so feel free to look around, meet some crazy, in a good way people and become part of our growing adults only 18 plus community. Please also remember that this place is about fantasies only. So play safe. So Gil sees this and he is like, hell yeah I'm in. So he creates a profile and you know when you create a profile you have to make a username. So Gil created a profile on DFN with a username girl, meat hunter, girl meat hunter, like girl meet girl meat hunter.


So that's good. So that's good. Could only go up from here. Really, huh? So he wrote in his bio that he was interested in fantasies involving kidnapping, bondage and cannibalism. This is a side note, but this is the part that kind of made me like, there's a lot of parts that made me kind of like, but this part was uncomfortable because what they do on the site, and it's normal for them to do this on the site, is that they would pull pictures or photos of people from Facebook, like usually chicks and then they would post it on this website and with the question, what would you do to her? And then people in the comment section would share like their scenarios, their fantasies around what they would do with the person in the photo or what they would do to the person in the photo.


You know, it was like their dark sexual fantasies. And again it's just Fanta, but some of it was like really gory and shit chew where it was like I wanna slit her throat and let her bleed out and then eat her flesh. And it's like, it's cute and all until it's your photo that's being used, you know, it's like shit. Ugh. But I guess it, that's what they do on there. But Gil really liked this 'cause he was pulling photos off of Facebook anyways before all this and like using it for his own fantasy. So now it was kind of like acceptable 'cause everyone else was doing it. So again, it was like this whole thing that made Gil really start engaging more with this website.


'cause he was taking a lot of photos from Facebook and like people that he actually knew, like he was personally friends with, he would take their photos, he would go on DFN and post again asking the people like what would you do with her? And again, comments would be filled with like people's dark fantasies. All right, all right. During this time Gil had his routine. He was living at his father's, he was working a lot, he was going on dates occasionally and then spending his free time on DFN or like other fantasy websites. Same thing, different day, you know. So again, 2009 Gil's on the, these dating websites and he ends up meeting a woman named Kathleen on OkCupid.


Now by this point Gil is 25 and according to him, still a virgin. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but you know, he's kind of like ready to get it over with any who. So he meets Kathleen and she was, she was like new in town and was working with Teach For America at an elementary school in New York. Okay. So they connect, they meet whatever they decide to go on their first date, which they went out to dinner and to like see a movie. And the two really hit it off. According to Kathleen, Gil seemed to be a very nice positive. She said moon faced cop, but they liked each other and they became inseparable.


Gil said after their first date, Kathleen became the new starring role in his fantasies. Again, this was all in his book, this is what he said. He said like he would imagine her being chloroform and kidnapped and then laid out on a platter with an apple in her mouth. He did not hold back in this book. I was like, alright, okay. Now of course he did not share this with her. He didn't wanna freak her out. He knew it'd be too much. But a couple of weeks after dating, the two became official. Woo Gil's got a girlfriend. Finally, after a year of dating, they moved in together into like a, he said a small overpriced Manhattan apartment and they extended their family and they got a bulldog because Kathleen loved Bulldogs.


Her college mascot was a bulldog. So she's a big fan and they got a dog. And then as many, do you know, they got into their routine as a couple. Kathleen would later say that these early years of their relationship were, were fun. They laughed all the time. He was chival, shiver. Shiver, how do you say that word? Shival Shi, you know what I'm trying to say? But he like pulled out chairs and stuff. He was that. He opened doors, shiver, shiverly. Anyways, he was nice. She said like, you know, she didn't know about his online curiosities and like there was nothing really to know.


Not yet at least. And according to Gil, he treated women with respectfully, never threatened anyone and didn't even have sex until he met Kathleen. So January, 2011, Kathleen finds out she's pregnant. That's great, right? I don't know. It is. I mean they, she seemed happy, I guess like when Gil first heard that she was pregnant, he kind of like freaked out and was like, we can't do this. He was thinking like financially, he's like, I don't know if we can like actually freaking do this. Right? It's scary. It just, it freaked him out a bit. Obviously not the response you want when you're telling your partner like, I'm pregnant. And they're like, well, so it's, it was like kind of disappointing.


But him and Kathleen sat down and they like went through everything and were like, we can make this work and we're gonna make it work. Gave each other pep talks, whatever, but you know, they were gonna do it and they would. So after having this conversation and realizing that he could do it financially and all that stuff, he really welcomed the idea and was like looking forward to this next chapter in his life in Gil's book. He said that he was constantly working, trying to like find a place where they could start their family. He borrowed money from his retirement or something like that to make sure that like they would have the best of everything for the baby. Plus he said that he was like reading all these books about parenting because he wanted to be the best parent that he could.


And I was reading that and kinda like rolling my eyes. I was like, sure buddy, you wanna believe him? But like, okay, sure. Because on the other hand, Kathleen, you know, she did interviews and stuff and she said that Gil never really seemed to adjust to their expanding life. She said that like Gil never really seemed interested in her or her pregnancy and that he would just kind of like walk around the apartment just sighing like being mopey and that he just seemed miserable really? Kathleen said that she felt like she was wasting his time or something like, damn, sorry for the inconvenience sir. Regardless, you know, a baby was on the way.


So the two, they moved into like a bigger apartment in Forest Hills and then they welcomed their baby girl in September of 2011. So just because he now had a baby girl does not mean that he was gonna stop with his interest. You know, he was still playing around on DFN and at this point he became like pretty well known on the website. I guess Gil was a pretty good writer and people really liked to read his fantasies, you know, the stories. And he even had like friends that he would chat with all the time on the website, you know, internet friends and all that jazz.


Great. The following year, Gil would end up taking like an, an exam to become a sergeant at NYPD, you know, make some more money as well. And Kathleen would become a full-time stay at home mom then like this was a big year for, for him. He got like the job, Kathleen became a stay at home mom and then the two of them ended up getting married 'cause they weren't married yet. So on the outside, like all of these stories we talk about here, everything just seemed fine and dandy. Right? But Kathleen again would later say that like, yeah the wedding was nice but the marriage was not, Gil worked late at the police department, which you know, If you got a new baby that that shit's hard 'cause like it made Kathleen just feel like she was raising a baby on her own.


Which she like pretty much was. And she said like when guilt did get home, it's not like he was available to help. So things were a little tense. Kathleen also said that there was like no intimacy in the relationship either after the baby came, you know, and that like she said, like whenever she tried to, whenever they tried to get intimate, it's not funny. It's just like I'm saying we, we just know so much about this guy. But she said whenever they tried to get intimate Gil, he couldn't finish and like he would get up and like run to the bathroom when he couldn't finish I guess. And just like leaving, leaving her alone. It was just awkward, uncomfortable and kind of weird.


Yeah, that would make you feel some type of way 'cause you feel like it's you, you're like, isn't me like am I the problem After a while, I guess like Gail would just avoid her completely. When he came home from work, he'd just play video games. He would watch TV or just be on the internet until like three, four, sometimes five in the morning. Poor thing. That sucks. You know, Gil would say that like he was tired, which is valid. Like he had, he would have a really high, high stress job working for the police department and then he would get off at like super late at night and then he just didn't have the energy to like come home and be a dad I guess or like participate in much of anything.


And that's fair, but it's not right.


So I just did a ton of online shopping for Christmas presents, which was fun. But now comes the stressful part. Praying the presents I ordered will actually show up before the holidays. I mean, to be fair, I get it. Bailey, why'd you wait till last minute first of all? Huh? It's the busiest shopping season of the whole year. And it's tough for companies to create really great retail experiences, especially If you have like multiple stores. A huge staff of fulfillment centers. I mean, geez, Louis Wee. It's a lot. And that's why more companies should check out Shopify point of sale because with Shopify you can do it all without complexity. Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. Brings together in-store and online operations even across 1000 locations. Imagine being able to guarantee that shopping is just always convenient for every one of your customers. It can all be so much simpler. Your customers can shop how and where they want. Plus staff will have the tools they need to close the sale every time. Getting new customers is expensive and difficult. With Shopify POS you can keep all of your existing shoppers coming back. That's because their experience will be consistent and tailored to them. Don't make your customers rely on good vibes this holiday season. Use Shopify and P os and make all their shopping merry and bright. Want more? Check out shopify.com/makeup, all lowercase and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. shopify.com/makeup.


Okay, what is this leading all up to? Well let me tell you, one day Gil's computer wasn't working. He had like his own computer not working right? So until he can get it fixed, he asked his wife like if he could use hers, he would say, you know, since he's using his wife's computer, he knew like I should not be logging into any of these freaky websites or do anything weird because she'll find out whatever. So he avoids it for a bit because as the days go on, Gil is just getting those he needs, he needs his fix essentially. He can't resist anymore. So he eventually logs into his fetish websites, but on her computer now this would be a very big mistake 'cause he forgets to like close all of his tabs when he was done.


And you know, we go looking, I would, so Kathleen, she goes use her computer and you know, she opens it up, she's like, yay. And voila. There's images of like women tied up with a ball gag in the mouth. And if you've never seen this or weren't expecting this, it might be a lot to take in. You might be like, what am I looking at? What, what I'd be like, what? She goes to the website where the picture's from and she learns like exactly what she's looking at. Kathleen would later say like it was disturbing and that she knew like s and m was popular.


She was thinking like 50 shades of gray. But like she would say this, what she was looking at was a lot different because like what she was looking at when she went to this webpage was the girl on the front page was dead like staged I think let's hope. But the girl on the front page was dead. So yeah, it was a little much, it was, it was different is what she was getting at. I think. I can agree there. It was definitely a little different. So up until discovering this website, Kathleen, you know, kind of sad, but like she thought maybe she was the problem in the relationship. She's thinking like maybe if I cooked and cleaned more dressed sexy, I don't know, like maybe Gil would want want her.


I'm saying like she's putting it on herself, like maybe she could fix whatever was going on. But she said once she stumbled across this website, she knew like, okay, cleaning more isn't gonna do the trick. Well, after what she saw, she's like, I know I have to talk to you Gil. Like she's gotta figure out exactly what what's going on, right? So she had approached him, I don't know how, I don't think it matters, but she like was like, we need to talk look. And she told him the truth. She's like, I saw what I saw this website, you know. And she told him that she wasn't here to judge. Like she wanted to know how she could actually help. Like maybe they could go she shopping for like a sex toy or something. Like was there something they could do to spice up their sex life?


No, that was the conversation, which is great actually. Right? And Kathleen was really hoping that this conversation would be like a breakthrough for them. And at at least at first, it kind of came off that way because Gil seemed really excited at the idea of Kathleen like participating in his fantasies. But at the end of the day, Kathleen wasn't really sure about how she was feeling about it all. Like still something just really didn't sit right with her. She couldn't stop thinking about like what she saw online and stuff, right? I guess at first she straight up thought he was like having an affair. He wasn't, but she didn't know that. So Kathleen decided to install spyware onto his computer to like see what he was doing when she wasn't paying attention.


So she installs a spyware and like from her phone or computer she could see what he was doing on his computer. So literally the next day she was able to see all of the websites that Gil was visiting and he was visiting a lot Girls in a Bind Fe Life. It was a lot. I know at first for research I was like, what's girls in a bind? Because I was thinking like girls who were like like, oh like I'm in a bind. What do I do? Like, oh no, I, I'm in a bind but it's not that, you know?


Okay great. But he was busy, really busy. All of these websites are like BDSM, fetish fantasy websites. So Kathleen is like seeing this and she's realizing that, you know, maybe he's way more into these things than she thought. She also sees like some instant message chats. It was like Yahoo Messenger that Gil was having with people. So she clicked and she like opened these messages and that's when she gets real spooked because she opens up this message and she's staring at like a picture of herself. There's in the chat and there's pictures of her friends and there's pictures of like people she knew and she's like What the fuck is happening?


So she's like kind of like what? So then she searches for her name and Gil's email and what she saw I guess was just like completely overwhelming to her. Kathleen said that she saw emails between Gil and someone else, which we'll get into later, but someone else and they were going into great detail about what they were going to to her specifically in one of the emails it said that they were going to tie her up by her feet, have her throat slit and that they would quote, have fun watching the blood gush out, then quote then going on to say that if she cried out that they wouldn't listen and they would not give her mercy.


So If you think about it and like If you found that your husband's having these conversations about you that they're gonna like, you know, slit your throat, blah blah blah fucking run, right? Like this is different. This felt real. So Kathleen is very spooked I think for a good reason, right? So she realizes that she needs some space. She's like, I get the fuck outta here because these emails, they look real like they were really planning on doing this to her. That's how she's processing it and now she has a baby to take care of. She's like I gotta get outta here, right? So she calls up her parents is like, I'm coming to you guys. She books a flight to Nevada, her and her baby, they go stay with her parents for a bit.


Now this was devastating to Gil I guess, but whatever doesn't matter. Doesn't matter y'all. So she's at her parents' house in Nevada and you know, while she's there she's like, I'm gonna check that spyware again and see like what he's doing. And she's like, alright. Like she sees that Gil is still doing the most, she came across a trove of SNM pictures of women being tortured and sexually assaulted. And on top of that, Gil was googling how to kidnap a woman and also he was Googling human meat recipes. Yes, human meat recipes, right?


You know, I was like, I'm sure there's a lot out there, it's the internet. But good luck to him with that. I guess I don't know what to say. So I mean based off his Google searches, it seems like he's really, he's planning to do stuff right? Right. So the more she's looking into what he's doing, the just worse it gets. Kathleen comes across tons of files with like photos of more than 80 different women that Gil had like downloaded from Facebook and other websites and a lot of them, like he knew, she knew and then there were like email conversations Gil was having with three different people. He met them like on one of the fetish websites, but they were discussing various ways that he might kidnap rape, kill, and then cook these women.


So again, Kathleen was one of the women discussed and there were like others as well. There was like old friends of hers from work. Gil's supervisor was one of the people that they were fantasizing about. There's a teenage girl who had like just graduated from Gilberto's old high school and quite a few of his college friends, Gil had wrote about one of these college friends saying quote, I'll be eyeing her from head to toe and licking my lips, longing for the day. I cram a chloroform soaked rag in her face. Yeah. So again, like Gil was very active, he was chatting with like 24 different users about kidnapping, raping, torturing, killing, and cannibalizing more than a hundred different women.


So Gil was chatting with three people outside of the fetish websites, like they were more personal friends type of thing. And then on DFN, he was chatting with 24 different users. And with these people he was, it was kind of like the same thing but he was talking about kidnapping, raping, torturing, killing and cannibalizing more than a hundred women. In 21 of those 24 conversations, Gail made it clear that what he was saying was only fantasy. He had wrote to one of them like no matter what I say it's make believe. It's just a world that I have in my mind. And that's fair, that's valid, right?


People are allowed to fantasize, right? Yeah, okay it's uncomfortable but people are allowed to think. But there were three other conversations he was having where it seemed to be more sincere. He was giving off the impression that this was something that he like actually wanted to do and it was not necessarily just a fantasy. So Kathleen sees these messages, right? And they're very concern to her because they seem like he's actually gonna do something. So what does she do? She contacts authorities. I think she contacts the FBI and you know she presents them with these messages 'cause they're very concerning and they seem to be sincere.


Plus she's like, am I about to get kidnapped and fricking murdered? October 24th, 2012, a group of FBI agents, they go to Gil's apartment on Forest Hill, they're gonna arrest him. So they wanna like lure him out of his place and like get him into the hallway. I don't know why. Why do they do that? Can they not like just arrest him when they're in the house? I guess not. I need to look into that. It doesn't matter because they wanna lure him out. So one of the FBI agents, they called his his phone and they said that like his car that was parked outside had been hit. So Gil, obviously if your car's hit you're gonna be like, oh my god my car's hit.


Like lemme go outside and check it out. So he gets out of his place, he walks out in his sweats, he, he's met with FBI agents, I guess the FBI had like placed their hand on Gil's shoulder and was like, don't worry, everything's gonna be okay. And Gil responded by saying like, I don't think so. He knew it was up I think. So Gil was placed under arrest for conspiracy to kidnap and he sat in jail for five months awaiting trial. So while he's sitting in, sitting in there, you know details start coming out, just start coming to light about what he was doing.


And it was like painting a picture or a story of a husband who was like secretly plotting to ab abduct several women all at once, well not all at once, but abduct several women do horrible things to them and it included his own wife. So in their investigation, the FBI had singled out specific emails where Gil was coming up with a strategy on how he was going to like do these kidnappings but also there were emails where he was negotiating payment for the kidnappings. So that's like intent, you know, on top of that the FBI, they also looked at his work computer where they found searches for different women like using the software available to him as a law enforcement officer.


So he was using his work shit to like, look women up, you get it? Oh not good.


I know it's only a couple weeks until Christmas and usually I tell myself Bailey, I'm going to not wait till last minute to buy Christmas gifts and every year I let myself down. But I was thinking, 'cause I have this one friend who loves art, loves learning, very curious person like myself. And I was like, what do you get that person? It's hard, especially when you wait last minute Bailey. So you know what I did? I decided to go on over to Masterclass and see what they had going on over there because listen Masterclass, have you heard of it? Well they offer sessions with famous artists like Jeff Koons who has a masterclass on art and creativity. So I decided this was gonna be a perfect gift for my friend and I got her a subscription to Masterclass. It's a great gift because with masterclass your loved ones can learn from over 200 of the world's best. I mean there are experts in tons of different fields and you can learn from anywhere. Just watch a masterclass on your phone computer or you can even listen to it like a podcast. I mean also the nice thing about on Masterclass, I mean there's, there's people from all walks of life. You know, hi, I'm Bailey Sarian, I'm interested in true crime. So I was like really kind of interested when I saw a masterclass on how to read people's behavior from an FBI criminal profiler and another one that teaches you the skills of an FBI hostage negotiator. And I was like, I might need this in my day to day. I don't see why not. Let me take this. I've loved Masterclass and I'm not the only one. 88% of members think Masterclass positively impacted their lives. So this year give your loved ones a year of learning with masterclass. Masterclass always has great offers during the holidays. I mean sometimes up to as much as 50 percent off. So head over to masterclass.com/makeup for the current offer That's up to 50 percent off at masterclass.com/makeup masterclass.com/makeup.


So once the media got wind of this story, I mean they were all over it, right? 'cause it's fricking bizarre. You know, Gil was quickly named The Cannibal Cop, very catchy. So prosecutors, they had found his DFN you know account again, girl Meet Hunter. And they saw that he had quite the following. And on top of that, they saw that he was like directly messaging different members using Yahoo Messenger and exchanging emails filled with photos and stories about what they were going to do to these women in the photos and that they were sharing. And it was just graphic. It was very graphic.


So the FBI, they honed in on three specific people Gil was talking with. So one of the guys that he was talking to was a 22-year-old car mechanic from Southern New Jersey and his name was Michael Van. Hes, so that's one of the guys. Another guy was a British man and he went, he had the username Moody Blues, the FBI, they later identified him as Dale Bollinger or Bowling juror Dale. And then there was another man named Ali Kahn who was apparently like logging on from Pakistan. So these were like his main buddies. In January of 2012, Gil had emailed Michael Van, he's Van Heis photos of a woman named Alicia.


Now this girl Alicia, she was like friends with Kathleen. They had like worked together at one point and this guy Michael, like had offered to kidnap her for Gil and Gil in return offered $5,000 for the kidnapping to happen. Gil even even said like in an email, like I'm putting my neck out on the line here, like if anything goes wrong, I'm in deep shit. So $5,000 and you need to make sure that she's not found because she will definitely make the news. So again, to anybody reading this, you're gonna think this is real, right? He's gonna do it. Sounds like he's going to do this. So around the same time, Gil was chatting with this guy Ali Kahn and he was suggesting that he could take Kathleen on a trip to India where the two of them would kill her and prepare her for dinner.


Gil sent Ali Kahn a photo of Kathleen in a, in a bikini and he wrote like We will take turns with her. And they also discussed killing one of Gil's college friends named Andrea. And Gil had wrote like, oh it's personal with Andrea. She will absolutely suffer. Gil had told this guy Han that he was constructing a pulley apparatus in his basement to string her up by her feet. So not great. In summer of 2012, Gil had spent a lot of his time talking with this guy Moody Blues. They seemed to like really hit it off and be b BFFs.


Gil was like bragging to this moody blues guy that his oven was big enough to fit a victim in it if like he just like folded their legs. And then he told this moody blues guy that he, Gil had a place in the mountains where no one was around for like three quarters of a mile and they like could bring a woman of their choice there and just like do whatever they wanted with her. And they like settled on one of Gil's college friends named Kimberly. So I mean, you know, it didn't stop there. Gail went on to like plan even more details saying like, once she's dead we could take her out and like properly butcher her body and like cook the meat and that she could be out on a rotisserie as well.


So, okay, Gil later emailed Moody Blues, a short word document and this document was titled Abducting and Cooking Kimberly A Blueprint. So of course when the authorities find this, they're like great, like this is like all the, this is evidence obviously, right? But in this document, like he listed materials that he would need to like get this job done on the list was like a car, chloroform, rope, a gag. And then like next to the gag it was like, do I need duct tape? And then a tarp where plastic bags to protect the trunk from any DNA remains.


And then they would need more bags for Kimberly's clothes and also cheap sneakers because it was like this whole list again, like Gil used the NYPD database to search for detailed information of different women he knew and who were like the target of his discussion. The searches typically included basic information like their home address, their date of birth, height, weight, eye color, criminal records, like you know, everything. And prosecutors, they saw this as further evidence that Gil's plans were more than just fantasy. Like he was going to take things a step further, but there was technically no physical evidence from Gil's apartment that suggested he was getting ready to kidnap or cook anyone.


Like there was no large oven or his oven, he had an oven, but like it wasn't large enough to fit a human. There was no like cleaver and there was no chlor form found. I don't think they found like ropes or anything either. You know, there's just like nothing. Prosecutors also had no proof guilt even how to place in the mountains. So was it all just fantasy or was this real? I don't know. Well, on the afternoon of December 31st, 2012, a forensic psychiatrist, his name was, his name was Park Dietz.


I thought it was kind of funny. Park Dietz, that's a good name. But this guy, he's a doctor, right? He went to downtown, to the Manhattan Detention Center to conduct a psychiatric examination of Gill Gill's. Lawyers felt that they needed a forensic psychiatrist to weigh in on like the question of again, like how real is his web persona or like how real it might become. He needed a doctor to weigh in. So the doctor already knew like from Gil's NYPD file that he had been given the Minnesota Multiphasic personality inventory.


Yeah, I was like, what is this? I'm interested. I guess it's a widely used psychological assessment tool designed to evaluate personality traits and psychopathology, psychopath psychopathology. Sometimes it's used like as a part of the hiring process or for like assessing the psychological fitness of employees, particularly in high stress or safety sensitive jobs. You know, it helps ensure that the in individuals are like psychologically suitable for specific roles. In other words, NYPD, you know, so they give them this test. So according to Dr. Dietz, the, this assessment MMPI situation, it showed that there was really nothing like psychologically wrong with Bozo Gil.


And he's like, that's not really something I run into very much. He's like, usually there's something off. So over the course of three days and like 18 hours of interviews with Dr. Dietz, I love it Dr. Dietz, it's so good. But Gil like, you know, during this interview had openly discussed everything about like his sex life. He went all the way back starting with, you know, the traditional Catholic school situation, told him everything Dr. Deeds said that he remembered Gil was not like ashamed or embarrassed or anything about masturbation, which If you read his book Gil's book you, it's very clear he's not embarrassed 'cause he likes to talk about, but okay, so he is not ashamed or embarrassed or anything, but he did say that Gil was like more introverted and shy around people, especially women investigators asked Dr.


Dets, when Gil started sharing his interest with strangers online, was it possible that the danger and risk only made it more exciting to Gil? You know, was it harder for him to stop or like would it escalate into action? That's really like the, the bigger question, the the question everyone wants an answer to. Like, is this gonna escalate? Dr. Deeds responded by saying that he could understand how the evidence that was presented could be construed in that way, but that he had seen him as like a many, many steps removed from the kind of person that might start to take action.


In other words, he didn't believe that Gil was gonna take action, it was just all fantasy. Dr. Dietz said that he searched for evidence of something in Gil's personality that would show like he would escalate his fantasies to the next level. He's looking for something like past actions or aggressive actions and character flaws that would say to him, the doctor like, oh, I'm a monster. Secretly, I don't know. But like he couldn't find anything. There was no red flags. And then Dr. Dietz said that if Gil actually did end up doing something and like harming a woman, he would immediately be identified because like Gil used a computer that had a traceable IP address and he was messy, in other words.


Which I was like, why do you even say that? Like that? I don't think that necessarily matters. A lot of killers are messy, but whatever. But even gill's repeated web searches for chloroform recipes or like the looking up the addresses of women that he fantasized about did not concern Dr. Dietz. And I forgot to mention, but like this doctor was like well respected many, many years being at this amazing doctor and he's like worked with Jeffrey Dahmer and shit like that. So, you know, that's why like him saying it wasn't concerning was kind of taken seriously because at first I was like, who is this Doctor f this guy? So Dr. Dietz essentially said like, look, this is just a guy who has a fetish and the only thing he's gonna do is repeatedly go back and look at the same pictures of like certain women wearing certain undergarments.


And like that is that like he's not really gonna do anything else other than that. All in all Dr. Diet's conclusion was that Gil's thoughts were unpleasant, you know? Sure. But they were not necessarily, I don't know anything more than thoughts. He even said that like Dr. Diet's said, like Gil's like the nicest guy you you'd ever meet. Dr. Dietz said pretty much that he found it troubling that just because Gil had like a desire, you know, a fantasy doesn't mean like that they're actually gonna do it. And the fact that people were unable to like separate the two, I guess like recognize it as that. Do you know what I'm saying? You get it right.


Gil goes to trial February of 2013 and there seemed to be like two different cases that were being argued. There was the actual charge against Gil, which was conspiracy to kidnap. And then there was like the thing that what Gil might do in the future if he were allowed to go free. Now, according to his lawyers, what made the case against Gil unique was that all of the evidence that was being used against him, they were based on his thoughts and his fantasies. So much of the prosecution's case ended up being about the emails that Gil's lawyers decided not to put the psychiatrist Dr.


Dietz on, or Gil on the stand. His lawyers believed more questions about Gil's fetish would only distract from like the overall conspiracy charges, which they believed they were completely flimsy. So Gill's attorney said that yes, his conversations and his interests were disturbing and to some disgusting, but at the end of the day, they were not criminal and like nothing illegal happened. Gil's DFN profile even stated, it said in his profile that he was just fantasizing. And Gil's defense lawyer even pointed specifically to like, there was a certain email or something where Gil was discussing that he was going to kidnap three different women on President's Day.


And like he, his defense lawyer was like, see President's Day it came and went and like nothing happened. If he was gonna do it, he would've done it. Right? So like, fantasy, fantasy, fantasy. Meanwhile, the prosecution depicted Gil as reckless and out of control. They brought up the fact that, you know, Gil was using the NYPD database to search for different women's addresses. And like this was proof that he was planning to move things into action. So the prosecutor kind of gave the jurors something to think about, a pretty good like argument. The prosecutor was like, think about your favorite restaurant.


He's like, just envision it. If you were to find out that the chef at this restaurant had a, like a, a fantasy of poisoning all the people in the restaurant and night after night he was engaging in conversations with other people about how he could poison the restaurant goers at his restaurant. He would go online, he was looking up different poisons and he was communicating with people the names of certain other people who would like come into his restaurant all the time. And If you found out about that and the chef was like, oh, well it was just fantasy. Like I was just kidding. Would you continue to eat at that restaurant?


Of course you wouldn't. And I was like, Ugh. Points were made. Points were made. I was like, okay, yeah, that's true. So look, the trial lasted for a little over a month and then on March 12th the jury came back and found Gil guilty. Gil was convicted of conspiring to kidnap cook and devour his wife as well as like several other women. He was also convicted on a second count that involved illegally gaining access to a law enforcement database that the government said that he used to conduct research for were on potential victims. Many of Gil's team and and family members were were there and they watched the whole thing, right?


And they really disagreed with the verdict they were saying that it was a thought prosecution and that the jury couldn't get past the thoughts and that he was guilty of nothing more than having very unconventional thoughts and that the government should not be in our heads. Now let me tell you, this is what really like got me like going 'cause I was like oh my god. Valid, right? It's confusing because a lot of the stuff he was saying online and stuff, uncomfortable, scary, whatever. But like technically he didn't do anything. Anyways, and a later interview one of the jury members like had come out and said that they believed that his fantasy was going to step into reality going on to say like it was kind of similar to an addict who needs a larger and larger dose and that he was progressing.


Gil ended up appealing the conviction. Shortly after the verdict, the defense asked the appeal judge to find Gil not guilty. And more than a year later, in like June of 2014, the judge ended up overturning the charge saying that there was not enough evidence to support it. Gil was released from prison in July of 2014. It was like 21 months after his arrest. Then the following year the second circuit affirmed the decision to overturn the conviction. So in its ruling, the panel also reversed Gill's conviction on the charge that he had illegally gained access to the law enforcement database.


That part didn't make sense to me because like he did do that. He said he did that and like isn't that illegal? So why wasn't that upheld? I don't know. But it got reversed. So Gill was cleared of all criminal charges. Now, Gill's, public defender said that the ruling was a very important victory not just for Gil but for an open society that treasures freedom of thought and expression. Right? I know. Aren't you kind of like low-key torn because you're like Yeah, but you know like I dunno, but listen, 'cause something good did come from this because the FBI like they got a bunch of information when they were searching or following like what Gil was doing.


So on like January 4th, 2013, the FBI, they arrested that guy, Michael Van, he or Vannie, whatever his name is, at his home in Hamilton, New Jersey again, he was 22 years old and he admitted to the police that he had like violent sexual fantasies. Some of them were involving children. So he got caught and arrested for this and his wife, 'cause he was married, she, she was like, no, he's a big teddy bear. You know, like no. But she also said that she was aware of his interest and his fetishes before they got married and that she was quote cool with it.


She told reporters that like yeah it's disturbing, but she accepted her partner's flaws and like he wasn't perfect but neither was she. Okay, I don't know. Alright, he got arrested and then in April of 2013, ma Michael Van Hy Nies had provided some information to the FBI and the FBI arrested two more men who had been chatting with one another on that DFN website. One of them, his name was Richard Melts, he was 65-year-old police chief in Bedford, Massachusetts. And then there was another older gentleman named Robert Ash.


He was 61 years old and a former librarian at a high school. Now this librarian guy, he previously had been arrested because he was accused of inappropriately touching four male students, but then like the charges got dropped, whatever. Unlike Gil, these two men, Robert Ash, the 61-year-old former librarian and Robert melts the 65-year-old police chief. They had crossed the line. Both of them had met with an undercover agent, like they didn't know it was a setup. But Robert Ash had brought a bag with him to this meeting and in the bag was a taser, a meat hammer, skewers and a dental retractor.


What's a dental retractor? Let me look this up. What's a dental retractor? Ah, what was he gonna do with that? I don't know. Oh, anyways, he brought all this with him and it was clear to like the investigators that these two, they were obviously ready to take their fantasies to like the real world. So both of them were arrested and like put on trial. So in 2013, Dale Bollinger, Bollinger, whatever it wrong, the guy Moody Blues, he said in an interview that all of his conversations with Gil were again just fantasy and that he was really stupid for putting these things online.


But Dale, Mr. Bowling jerk or whatever, was arrested in November of 2013 by British authorities for sexual grooming. Yes he was. He had planned to meet up with a 14-year-old girl, I think it was a 14-year-old. He had bought like an ax before the meeting and brought it with him when he was gonna meet this person. But I guess the emails were like, something about chop this victim's head off and then he bought the ax. So again, it was like intent to do shit. You understand? Right. He got arrested. I guess that's why I say like there is kind of a bright side because at least like these all guys all got caught like and the authorities got them before they actually did some fucked up shit.


Afterwards, Gil tried to get custody of his daughter or at least like visitation, but ended up dropping the case because there was like too many legal fees that he couldn't afford. Since then, like in 2017, Gil had done interviews, you know, defending himself going on to say like people, they don't choose the things that they're aroused by. Everyone has their own things and people don't choose it. He said in the interview like yes, the stuff I put online was odd and like weird and shit, but like it was completely fictional writing. Gil went on to write a memoir called The Raw Deal, the Untold Story of NYPD's Cannibal Cop in 2017.


That's what I read. It's wild. Yeah. And then he published another work of fiction in 2018. Yeah, it's titled A Gathering of Evil. And the book's description said that the story follows two young New York women as they are targeted by a group of wealthy and violent sadists who craved kidnap a young woman and brutally and her life. So keep him busy with the writing. 'cause I write, I don't know. Anyways, that is the wild story about is it wild?


It's different about Gilberto Valley, The Cannibal Cop. Now this story I thought was very interesting because yes, strange, disturbing. Like If you were his wife, I'm sure, I'm sure a lot of us would do the same thing, contact authorities and whatnot and be like, dude, my husband's gonna kill me. He's saying it online, right? But like technically he didn't do anything illegal and he, he, he said over and over again it was just fantasy. So it's like, and then when authorities and stuff like went and searched his apartment, they didn't find anything. So it's like, I don't know, it's just like a weird, it's a, it's weird.


It's weird. Maybe he would've evolved into like doing stuff in real life, but we don't know that. And it's like, are you allowed to be arrested for thoughts and like writing fake shit? Online storytelling? Are you allowed to be arrested for storytelling and fantasy? No. Right. But like, I don't know. And then I was looking it up and like cannibalism, it's legal in 49 states, so it's like, it's not, it's not illegal because If you replace cannibalism with like kids, then it becomes illegal, right? But it's cannibalism and not kids. So it's not illegal.


I don't know, I just like go in circles about this because I don't know, I dunno. Again, like it's just an interesting thought because should someone be tried because of their dark thoughts and their kinks? I'm sure we can all agree. No, I, but you know, it's like no, but it's fine until it involves me then it's like me, right? Like if it were you, that wa was the target. I was thinking, you know what I was thinking? Okay, let's say he, he still did all this whatever, he used everyone's pictures. But what if he used different names for the people in the pictures instead of the real names?


Would that have protected him because he used their real names, their real information. I'm like, that is what made it seem more real, right? I don't know. It's an interesting, it's an interesting thought, right? I'm sure a lot of us have some pretty dark thoughts. Hopefully you don't put them on the internet and stuff. You just like think it in your head and go, nah, nevermind. And then we move on with your life. But If you did put it out there, I'm sure like you, you wouldn't wanna be arrested for it 'cause it's just a thought. It's not really something you're doing. But then how do you know this person is not gonna actually freaking do it? You just don't know. You don't know. And then let's just say Gil did end up doing something, or maybe he does in a couple of years and then everyone would point to his internet stuff and be like, see he's been saying for years he's gonna do it.


How come nobody arrested him? You can't win with this one. Right? Brightside again, at least like some of the people that Gil was talking to or whatever did end up getting arrested before they did something. So that's good. What do you think? Should he be arrested? Should he be in jail? For what though? For his ideas and thoughts? I don't know. I hope you have a good rest of your day. You make good choices, you be safe out there. Please be safe out there. Love ya. Bye.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover. Today's actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover today's actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Friday. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.