
With the $5 meal deal at McDonald's, you pick a McDouble or a McChicken, then get a small fry, a small drink, and a four piece McNuggets. That's a lot of McDonald's for not a lot of money, price And participation may vary For a limited time only


Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday, which means it's murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. If you're new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I sit down and I talk about true crime story that's been heavy on my, There we go. Heavy on my noggin. Okay. And this one's been heavy on my noggin and I do my Makeup at the same time. Just kind of keeps my hands busy while I tell you a story. It's really, that's all it comes down to. Well, today's story's super fucked up. Holy shit. Wow. Let me tell you, it's about this guy. Well first it takes place in France, Paris, Paris, France.


So you know I'm gonna be butchering everybody's name. Okay? So already look lower the standard. Okay? But other than that, I will shut up And let's get to today's story. today, today's story is about a spree killer. Yeah, I was like a spree killer. What's that? Huh? A spree killer is different. It's a little different than a serial killer because a spree killer is someone who like kills more than one person in a short period of time. That's the best way to describe it. But they might have all kinds of reasons for doing it in the first place. Sometimes it's premeditated and sometimes it's just like a crime of passion where they snap.


These are the ones that scare me to death. 'cause they just, one day they're like, you know what? I'm gonna kill everybody. And then they do it. That's a spree killer. I think Chris Watts is the best way, right? Well this guy is just as bad. Holy shit. So our story takes place in like a little French village. It's called Ong. It's in like the burgundy region of France and it's right on the border of Switzerland. And I hear based off my Googling, it's a really lovelies town where like, it's just cute. Where they got the old stuff, they got the new stuff, they got the castles. It's just reminds me of like beauty and the beast. I mean there's a lot of stuff over there, a lot of art and a lot of smart people.


Now, despite it being like this incredible town with so many city, with so many opportunities and like smart people and whatnot, it's still like a pretty close knit community. They have about 8,000 different people living there. So they would, you know, pretty small. So this is where our story takes place, okay? So then it's early like 1993 and there's this guy, his name's Dr. Luke Laal lair. He's sleeping and he's woken up by, you know, the phone's ringing, bing, bing, bing. And he's like, hello? And he's half asleep, right? It's a local pharmacist who's telling Luke that his best friend, 39-year-old Jean Claude Roman, this person was calling to say that his friend's house is on fire.


Yeah. And Luke is like, oh my god, what the fuck? What do you mean it's on fire? Like, you know, like what? So he throws on his coat and he like goes out there. It's January, mind you. So it's fricking freezing. He rushes out the door and he drives over to his best friend's house. Luke and Jean Claude. They have been best friends for like 20 years or something like that. So a long time. Thank you. They go all the way back to medical school together. Yeah, smart. The two of them even got married around the same time, like to their partners and they had kids that ended up growing up together. So it was like a really special friendship, right? That's like a friend you want who's been there through everything and even your kids hang out.


That's special. So that's the kind of friendship they had. Jean Claude was even Luke's daughter's godfather. So you know, it was pretty serious. So with that being said, if anything would've happened to Jean Claude or like his family, Luke would be devastated. It would be a tremendous loss. So Luke, he drives out to Jean Claude's house, right? He pulls up the whole thing, flames fire, what the hell? Half of the roof had completely caved in, okay? There's just smoke everywhere billowing out of the roof. There's firefighters that they're out there and they're like putting the rest of the fire out.


And police are also just in the area, right? And Lucas just like watching and praying. Everyone is okay. But then the worst happens, like he starts to see firefighters bringing out Jean Claude's children. I know like carrying them out their bodies. Yeah, there was Carolyn, she was just seven years old and then there was 5-year-old Antoine and both of them were in body bags and they were dead. So this is devastating to Luke going, right? Geez. Then Luke sees firefighters bring out Jean Claude's wife Florence. Yeah, she, they brought her out out of the Revel and sadly she didn't make it either.


Oh my God. It looked like maybe she had some serious head trauma, like a beam from the house had fallen on her head. It was just tragic. The last person the firefighters found was Jean Claude. Now his whole family's dead. Like it's not funny, but it's like holy shit. And miraculously Jean Claude is alive, he's in a coma and he's suffering from smoke inhalation. But he was a lucky one. He survived Mrs. Murder Mystery. So you know, lucky things don't just happen, do they? Luke the friend, he had a horrible day.


Devastated. So he heads home, he waits to hear from the hospital hoping for an update that Jean Claude is like gonna wake up from his coma. So he tries to go to bed, Luke the friend, and then the next morning he gets a knock at the door and it's the police and they wanna talk to him. They're like, Hey, we wanna talk to you about that fire. You were there weren't you? With most of the Mond family Dead and Jean Claude in a coma. The authorities, they try to contact Jean Claude's parents, Amy and then Ann Marie, but they also don't answer the phone. So police can't seem to get ahold of anybody in Jean Claude's family.


But eventually they do get ahold of Jean Claude's uncle. So his uncle decides to take it upon himself to drive an hour away to a town called Claire Vo Relax to inform Jean Clark's parents about what the fuck what happened. So the uncle goes to the house, he's knocking on the door and then nobody answered. So he's like, dude, what the Sam hell is going on around here? So he ends up letting himself into the house and that's when he finds Ann Marie in the sitting room, shot in the chest body laying in a pool. Blood what? Yes.


Shot in the chest. And then he finds his brother Amy in the upstairs bedroom. So with Amy, his body was draped across the bed there was blood spatter everywhere. Amy was also shot. So this uncle, he's looking around the house. God, I couldn't even imagine what's going through your head or how you even remember any of this shit because I'd be in a blackout. But he ends up finding the family dog. I know the family dog was shot too. Really? Yeah. I mean you're, if you're gonna murder, like leave the dog out of it. My god. Just the whole thing. Tragic, right?


I don't know what any of us would do. I'd probably just go jump out a window. 'cause what's the fucking point? Okay, that took a dark turn.


I love MAKEUP. Hi, you should know this by now. Is this new news? No, but for summer I've been trying to streamline my Makeup routine and keep it simple. you know, something I can easily apply and like B, blend out with my fingers takes five minutes. Boom. Bam. Done. So with that being said, I have been loving Thrive Cosmetics. Brilliant eye brightener. It's a versatile cream to powder highlighter stick that illuminates and awakens the eyes, providing a soft wash of shimmering color and just like, you know, some like, ooh some ah plus they have like 16 different shades to choose from and I love that. I love it. It's so easy. I just like put it on my eye. Boom. Gorgeous. Have you heard of Thrive Cosmetics? No. Well their products are vegan with a hundred percent cruelty-free formulas containing proven ingredients without the use of parabens or sulfates And Thrive cosmetics works with nonprofits across the country that empower communities like organizations, helping individuals fighting cancer, emerging from homelessness, surviving domestic abuse, and many others. Their cosmetics are high performance all developed at the Thrive Cosmetics Lab. Like the brilliant eye brightener or even the infinity waterproof eyebrow liner, which I've mentioned before. Also love, it's an easy to use waterproof pencil that holds like a wax but blends like a powder. Hmm. Now this brow pencil comes in like eight different shades for like a perfect match every time. All you need to do is line the brows, you know, to give them some structure and then you can create natural looking strokes to make it look like you know hair and fill in any sparse brow areas. And boom baby, it's gonna stay all day. And it makes my morning Makeup routine again, quick and easy. Refresh your everyday look with Thrive Cosmetics, luxury beauty that gives back Right. now you can get an exclusive 10% off your first order@thrivecosmetics.com slash Makeup. That's Thrive Cosmetics. C-A-U-S-E, M E TIC s.com/ Makeup for 10% off your first order.


So meanwhile, back in Prairie San, I'm sorry the coroner finished, he were doing an an inspection of the bodies of Florence, the wife Carol and the daughter and Antoine and the coroner had found some things that were like not really lining up. you know, he was like, there's some things that are not making sense. For example, one of the things he thought was a little questionable was the fact that Florence, she had this large gash in her head and it was determined that it was not from a large beam where like a beam that fell on her head. It was clear that it came.


It was blunt force drama. Can you determine her skull had been bashed in? Yes. So, okay. Right. Okay, so then on top of that, the children had also been shot at close range, which led the coron to the conclusion that all three of them were dead before the fire started. Also Jean-Claude, he wasn't in a coma from smoke inhalation, of course he wasn't right Nene, they did blood tests on him and it turns out that he had a high concentration of barbiturates and his blood system.


Well ain't that something? Huh? Now none of this was making sense. I mean how the hell did this family get massacred so brutally like it was insane. And like the family, they were considered typical middle class family. Like nothing stood out about them in any way. So there was nothing that stood out to police about this family either. They didn't have any weird secrets, not that they could find. So naturally the police, they go back to Luke, the best friend and try to see if they could get something right. So Luke, he was the closest person to the Broma Romans and he couldn't think of anyone that would wanna do this to, to them.


He had no enemies, not that he knew of. And I mean they were involved. The family, they were involved in the community, they had good jobs, kids thriving, just none of it made any sense. So please ask like, well where did Jean Claude work? Let's start there. you know, maybe they could follow something there. So Luke tells him that Jean Claude, he was a researcher at the World Health Organization in Geneva. Yeah. And he had been working there for the last 18 years. Like that's a long time. Right In Geneva, princess of Geneva, he was Princess of Geneva. So Jean Claude was a prominent scientist there.


After medical school, Jean Claude had taken his training to research something very complicated, but it, it had to do with heart disease. And he would tell people he was on the front lines looking for treatments for heart disease and how to prevent and all that stuff. And that basically Jean Claude was a hero, basically. Pretty important job. In other words, Luke made Jean Claude sound like he was a really big deal. Okay, so investigators, they call up the World health organizations and they asked to speak to a colleague of Dr. Jean Claude. And not only do they have to deliver like the bad news about what happened and whatnot, but they're also looking to get some kind of lead, some kind of information, right?


They're thinking that maybe somebody at the workplace or maybe Jean Claude like had pissed off the wrong person. So investigators, they call up the World's Health organization, right? They get put on hold, please hold. So after a few like transfers, they finally reach the personnel department where the investigators are told that there is no Jean Claude Mond even working there. And they're like, well has he ever worked there? And they're like, no, this person has never worked here ever. What? Oh dude, how embarrassing. So investigators are like, who the hell is this guy? Okay, who is this Jean Claude guy?


Well, Jean Claude, he was born in February of 1954 to like an upper middle class family. And they, they lived in this cute little town of cla. They had lived in this cutes town for multiple generations. It's woodsy, it's famous for its beautiful lake, it's rural, no one likes that word, but it was, and it's like a pretty popular camping destination. you know, lemme know if you've been down below, it sounds like paradise, honestly. So Jean Claude, his dad, his name's Amy, he was a very decorated veteran in the French military.


So he fought in World War II fighting the Nazis, he was captured and then became a prisoner of war. So it was like damn, his dad had been through some shit. They've been through some shit because his dad, Amy had spent five years in a German prison camp and was forced to do like slave labor and it was brutal. Awful. And he survived. Yeah, just wild to think that they went through all that shit. So once he got back home, he got into lumber and started his own like lumber business and it turned into like this family business. So Jean Claude's mom, she was sick all of the time.


Jean Claude remembers that when he was a kid, like his mom would spend most of her time in bed. She had gotten pregnant and then the pregnancy had gone not well. So she was bedridden and it ended up like almost killing her and she had to spend a lot of time recovering in the hospital. And Jean Claude's father, he would never really explain what was going on or like why she was away or why she was in bed. So yeah, I mean that's gotta be really confusing for sure. Jean Claude would say that he was a very quote unquote good kid. Like he did really well in school. People de described him as well.


Behaved like he was a good boy. He was quiet. He was sweet. Didn't really say much, he was just there. Sean Claude said he felt like any type of troubles he was going through, he kind of had a key to himself because he didn't wanna add extra stress to the family knowing that his mom something was wrong with his mom. So he didn't want to say like speak up or be in inconvenience because mom needed all the attention. So this led to him as just always being good, trying to always do the right thing and not speak up at all. So from a young age, Jean Claude pretty much learned to just shut up, just be quiet. So for high school, Jean Claude started at a high school that had a forestry department.


Yeah. And it like focused on trees. Yeah. I was like cool. And I think because maybe so he can take over the family business, but it turns out Sean Claude had a bunch of allergies that were triggered in nature. Yeah. So he really couldn't be outside much or around trees. That means like he could not work for the family business. And then on top of that he got bullied a lot because he's a nerd. He's a nerd. That's just the best way to describe it. So I mean, look, Jean Claude's father pretty much was going to make Jean Claude work for the family business. There really wasn't any choices back then.


you know, you just were gonna do it. But deep down John Claude, he didn't want to and he's getting like kind of resentful, right? And John Claude would say that he felt like he was under a lot of pressure to be the perfect son. And he also didn't wanna worry his mother in any way and he didn't wanna like upset his father and he wanted to fulfill their dreams for him, for them. And then on top of that, Jean Claude was an only child. So lots of pressure. So the way that Jean Claude felt like he could kind of make his parents proud was he was very smart. So maybe he should go into medicine. So that was gonna be his plan 'cause it would still please his parents.


When he goes on to college, he ends up studying medicine and then he was accepted to Leon Medical School when he was 19 years old. So okay. Smarts. So going to Leon Medical School, I mean it wasn't all just to impress his parents. There was also another reason he decided to go there is because he fell in love with a lady. Jean Claude had a long time crush on a girl named Florence. And he actually originally, he met her because they're cousins. Yeah, that's how they met. So he's in love with her.


Yeah, she's the one, they're distant cousins but they're still close enough that they met at family parties. So ha Florence was a year younger. So she gets accepted to Leon Medical School and that's when Jean Claude is like, oh my god, same. I'm gonna go do that too. But then he gets sent to medical school but he tells her like, oh my god, me too. So listen, it was not love at first sight. Florence did not like him. She thought Sean Claude was socially awkward and very clingy. She had her own thing going. She had her own friends, her own life, right? And, and this cousin was just always around.


He would tag along and just be there. She thought he was freaking annoying. And her parents, they absolutely loved Jean Claude. And like that was annoying as well because Florence is the only one like I don't wanna do. Like no, it's not gonna happen. And everyone's rooting for them. Poor Florence Jean-Claude kind of insinuates himself into her social life and he ends up becoming best friends with a man in Florence's friend group Luke from the beginning. And then they start doing everything together like BFFF. So at this point though, it seems like everything is going really well for Jean Claude because he's doing really well in school.


He's got friends, he's got this girlfriend he thinks, you know, and so he's doing well. So Jean Claude's parents, they end up buying him a flat in town. I guess they had money, but like I couldn't verify. But they financially supported him. So I'm gonna say they did. Jean Claude does really well in his classes and he passes his first year exams with like flying colors. Florence. She's still weirded out by him and she's really annoyed with how pushy he is. Okay. She ends up going to her roommates and she tells them like, oh he gets on my nerves. He's always tagging along and that she felt like he was an annoying brother, annoying like little brother more than he was boyfriend material.


It's like maybe she feels that way because they're cousins. I don't know. Just an idea. Plus he's just being pushy. It's like dude chill in their second year of school. Florence finally lets Jean Claude like have a ch a chance. She goes out with him a few times, but I guess in her gut she's like, nah, this kind of is not for me. you know? So she tells him, she's like, I'm sorry but I just wanna focus on school. She has to think of an excuse other than I don't wanna date you. Right? 'cause he won't accept that answer anyway. So she tells him that and obviously devastating to Jean Claude, okay? He has been after this woman since he was 14 years old and he was just not, he was not happy about about this.


He had plans with her. I know it's sick. It's like just let the lady live her life but we're asking too much. So when she asked for them to break up I mean he just completely shuts down. Sean Claude, he starts, well he doesn't show up for his, his classes as much. He doesn't even show up for his second year exam. The combination of him like failing his second year exams and Florence and him breaking up Jean-Claude just goes into like some deep depression. He's spiraling what's gonna happen. He ends up shutting himself into his studio apartment. He stops going to classes, he stops hanging out with his friends, he won't answer the phone, he doesn't shower, obviously depression, he's having it.


He's just at his lowest now. Finally Sean Claude's friend Luke, he was like fed up with it and he shows up at Jean Claude's door and he's forcing him to get up and have his come to Jesus moment. Okay, so Luke wants to cheer Jean Claude up and like help him just get back into the swing of things and it's just, he's being a friend, he's trying. The thing is though, Jean Claude never told anybody that he missed his second year exams. Like Luke Florence and his parents and whoever else knew him, none of them had any idea that he had actually fallen behind in school. So he couldn't really like rejoin the circle of friends. He felt like because they would find out that he actually wasn't on his third year classes.


So Jean-Claude is feeling a little embarrassed and doesn't wanna tell them the truth. So what's easier than telling the truth? Lying. Great. So he decides to come up with the perfect excuse. He's like, I'm gonna tell everyone I have cancer. Cancer. you know? And also I think Jean Claude kind of liked this because it gave him a chance to live a semi-normal life for the next couple years. And also he was gaining a lot of like sympathy from his friends and especially Florence. 'cause she felt so bad. She was like, oh my god, oh my god, I'm so sorry. you know? Yeah. So it was said like Florence didn't wanna get back with him, but she did anyways because she felt bad.


So they, the two of them end up dating and this poor woman, she ends up getting engaged two years later in 1977. A pity engagement. I don't know. That ain't the way. That ain't the way. But also Jean-Claude could have just like signed back up for classes and whatnot while he's going through all this. But he doesn't. He chooses not to. And you know why? Because he actually hates medicine. Yeah. Jean Claude said he actually hated it later. It was said that John Claude got like really grossed out when he saw any kind of bodies, anyone who was sick or dead, he was like, Ew, I can't. So he's not in the best field.


I would say he was already in medical school and doing his thing there. And again, John Claude would later say that he felt like it was the best option for him to just lie because at least he wouldn't disappoint his parents. And then all of his friends and whatnot. Like, oh my god, he's building a web of lies. He's telling everyone that he's back on track at medical school and he's taking his, his exams. Okay. And then he's like, yeah, since I was so sick with cancer, the school allows him to work from home, like do school at home. So he ends up doing this for the next 12 years, 12 years.


He's telling people he's in medical school and taking classes you follow? Okay. So in France it takes roughly like 10 years to become a doctor. And then another two, like once you pick your specialty, sometimes longer, I don't know, you know? But that's just kind of what I got from Google. What John Claude does is with the school's permission, he just kept going to his second year classes and he would just go like stand outside of the classrooms for the lectures. And then he would take the handouts from the classes. He would buy the same textbooks over and over and over again and he would even lend other students like all of his notes.


And he did all of that work for 12 years. But never once did he go and like take the second year exam. Does that make sense? I think it does. It totally makes sense. So he never took the, he just kept going to the same classes over and over and over. He probably could have recited them like he didn't wanna move on. He was just being weird. So by the 12th year, John Claude, he just stops going altogether because if the math is math incorrectly, he should have been on track to actually finish his studies. So he can't keep lying to everybody 'cause he should be done. Sean Claude, he ends up telling another lie that he took his final exams in Paris and he passed and now he was a full-blown certified doctor.


Congratulations. Yeah. He's just lying his way to the top. He tells all of his friends and his family that he's a doctor and then he tells him that he was offered a position at the World Health Organization, which is huge. I mean this is very impressive. Wow. They're like, wow. You go guy, guy you go. During that time of the 12 years, a student thing, Jean Claude and Florence ended up getting married in like 1980. And at the time Jean Claude was 26. So they ended up moving to the, a town like right next to the Swiss border so that Jean Claude could be closer to his office in Geneva.


'cause he works at the World Health Organization. A remember in 1985 Florence gave birth to their first daughter, who they named Carolyn. And then four years later they had their son Antoine. So by 1988, like he has built his family, he has a reputation with his friends and like everything, you know, and he has this really big important job. He honestly got himself in such a big fat lion. There's like no way he can get out of this. He's he's, there's no way. So he just keeps going with it. Now Jean Claude, he would keep this lie up for like 15 years and every morning, literally like every morning he would do this little act.


He would wake up like clockwork. He would drive to his office, he would have to go cross the the border into Switzerland and then he would park his car at the World Health Organization in the parking lot and he would sit there, he would just sit there and then some days if he was feeling a little spicy, he'd get up and go into like a cafe that was nearby and he would just sit there until it was time to go home. That's concerning I mean, one thing I we can all agree on was that he was a very dedicated man. But this is spooky sir. Can you imagine all the things he could be doing with that time that he's sitting?


Yeah. What a creep. Jean-Claude would say like to pass the time he would read medical journals so he could kind of like keep up with what was going on in the medical world and like sound like he knows what he's talking about. Jean Claude was like so good at this lie that his friends who were actual doctors, they even came to him for advice. Again, Jean Claude was like very, he was very dedicated to this. Okay, so he would take advantage of all the services that were offered by the World Health Organization. Like okay so there was a post office that was inside the building and John Claude would like send all of his mail from that post office. And then if he needed to make a bank withdrawal, he would use the bank that was inside.


He even used their travel agency. Yeah, I guess they had a travel agency. Fancy. So Jean Claude again dedicated Jean Claude made sure that he never went like too far into the building to like a track security or anything like that. But he would steal branded stationary from the World Health Organization's public information office so he could write letters and have their letterhead, which is smart. Like he was really thinking it through. And this is spooky. These people scare me. He's this dedicated to this lie. He's like broke, give it up, it's okay, give it up. He's literally like LARPing.


So I was looking in the mirror the other day and I noticed a new dark spot under my eye. Ugh. I was scrubbing and scrubbing thinking it was dirt or something, but nay, nay. Turns out it's a dark spot that has popped up on my face. I was like, really? Come on, where'd that come from? But when I put two and two together, I'm like oh you know the dark spot is on the driver's side of my face. And like honestly for the longest time, many, many moons ago, I didn't wear SBF. So it kind of makes sense like things are showing up on my face. Learn from my mistakes though. Don't be like me and sign up for Apostrophe now that it's summer, the sun is shining bright and you wanna be using good skincare SBF you know every day so your skin will be happy. Apostrophe is an online platform that connects you with an expert dermatology team to get customized skincare treatment for your unique skin. With Apostrophe you can get access to oral and topical medications that use clinically proven ingredients to help with whatever your concerns are. All you have to do is fill out an online consultation about like your skin goals and share your medical history. Then you take a few selfies, you know, to show your skin off to like the dermatologist and whatever concerns you have too. Then a provider will create a customized treatment plan just for you. Yeah, I mean I've been using Apostrophe for years now. I was thinking about it and I think it's been like four or five years and I was like dang that's a long time. But it's nice because like as the years go on, my skin changes and like I have, I've had different concerns throughout the years. So Apostrophe, they make it easy to just log in. I can update the dermatology provider as to what my new skin concerns are and then adjust my skincare plan accordingly. And then on top of that the items are delivered right to my door so I don't even have to leave the house. I love it. Right. now we have a special deal for our audience. You can get your first visit for only $5 at Apostrophe dot com slash MAKEUP. When you use our code Makeup, that's a savings of $15 baby. And this code is only available to our listeners. So to get started, just go to Apostrophe dot com slash MAKEUP and click get started. Then use our code Makeup at signup and you'll get your first visit for only $5. Thank you to Apostrophe for sponsoring today's episode. Now let's get back to the story.


Not only did Jean Claude like fake his whole career and stuff, he would also fake business trips. He would tell Florence, he'd be like, Florence baby, I'm going to Belgium to cure heart disease. And he would go for like three days, but in reality he would just be at a rest stop just somewhere waiting out. Like it's so weird. He would buy gifts at a gift store, you know, to give to the kids and wife and be like, see I was there. It was just again wild, very wild. And he would come home, he could give like really great details to his wife and stuff about the trip and then like carry on.


I don't know how he slept at night. I don't know. I don't know. Now I don't know about you guys, but at this point I was like, how the hell did he afford to do all this and like keep up appearances, right? I mean it's expensive. Lying like that. How is he doing it with no job? At this point in his life, he was living like a, you know, happy middle class family. Florence, technically she was the only one working and she was working as a pharmacist. And then on top of that, his kids went to like this really exclusive private school. So how did he do it? Jean-Claude did what any fraud would do to support their family.


He helped himself to his parents' bank accounts. Hello duh. His parents were very trusting of their only son and they gave Jean Claude access to all of their accounts and also let him use their assets towards investments. Jean Claude had lied and told his family that as an employee of the World Health Organization he was able to invest internationally and on top of that he could get an 18% rate back And they're like, oh my god, wow. And even though like they, the family saw their savings start going downhill, his parents, they just like thanked their son for taking the time to help them and manage their portfolio.


And they believed that you know, their money was safe with him and that they just had to trust the process, right? They didn't need to ask any more questions. Eventually that money's gonna run out, right? So another thing Jean Claude did was he sold his college flat that his parents bought for him. He sold that and it was a good chunk of change, but again it wasn't gonna last forever. So Jean Claude would decide to hit up his friends, his friends were well off and he had extended family members that were well off and he would go to them and say, Hey hi, I have exclusive investment opportunities for you and you're gonna get a big return. And these friends were like, oh hell yeah.


you know, they believed him and he ended up collecting 1.5 million francs. Yeah, but that's how he got his money. Investment opportunities. God, this guy, isn't he tired? you know? So Jean Claude also put his, his medical training to use as well for his schemes. And 1988, Jean Claude was like 34 years old. And Florence, remember his wife cousin, his wife cousin, Florence's uncle, he was diagnosed with terminal cancer and it was like, it was devastating for the family. Florence's family was just so sad. Fricking bozo, Jean Claude.


He's like, hmm, business opportunity. So Jean-Claude, he goes to Florence's aunt and he's like, listen, hi, I work for the World Health Organization and we are in the final stage of developing an experimental cancer treatment. She's like, go on. And he's like, it's using cutting edge technology that uses stem cell technology to cure the disease. He's like, it's crazy. We're developing this Right now. And on top of that, all you have to do is take this pill 'cause it comes in a pill form and it, you can watch the cancer melt away. So Jean-Claude like gives her this whole spiel about the treatment not being released to the public yet, but that her husband was the perfect candidate for it.


So he pretends that he's like doing the family a favor, you know, he is like, I'm gonna hook you up with one of these, don't tell anyone. But unfortunately it does cost money. And they're like, oh my god, how much? you know? And he charges them 15,000 francs per capsule. And then not only that, but he required two capsules. He's literally doing this to his family. Like holy fuck, I don't know. And he, they need two of them. Yeah. So you know, at first Florence's uncle was like, no, we're not doing that. I don't need it. It's too expensive. It sounds fake. But the family, they were begging the uncle to just go along with it, like stop being stubborn and they want him to live.


So he goes along with it, whatever. And the family, they dip into their savings account, they give him the money. And then you know, Jean-Claude does his treatment. He's like, I'll bring you guys the capsules directly. And he brought them in this like very official looking bottle and he hands them over the doses and yeah, that was that. I think it's safe to say the medication did not work. And sadly Florence's uncle was dead within a year. But Jean-Claude would tell the family like, well I never said it was gonna work. What a like slime ball. So word gets out that like everyone's investing with Jean Claude, you know, like all the family is friends, whatever.


So more people are like, okay, we want in. How do I get in on this investment? Jean Claude's father-in-Law, his name's Pierre, he too wants to invest. So when Pierre had retired, he got like a big lump sum of money. There you go. It was like 400,000 francs. So Florence tells her father, Hey, like you should invest with Jean Claude because you'll be able to get a large return and bla bloop, whatever. So naturally Pierre wants to invest and of course it's his son-in-Law, like got this great job and stuff. Awesome. So Pierre ends up giving Jean Claude 347,000 Franks Bronx out of his retirement fund to invest.


So some time goes on after Pierre, you know, invests his money. And in 1988 Pierre goes to Jean Claude and is like, Hey, I really want some of my money back because I wanna treat myself to a new car. you know, he's like, I deserve it. So he calls up Jean Claude and is like, Hey, let's meet so we can talk about the money. So Jean Claude, he heads over to Pierre's house and no one was there other than Pierre. So you would think it'd be a good time to maybe confess that Jean Claude was lying and stuff. 'cause no one else was there, right? But instead, while Jean-Claude was over at Pierre's, Pierre quote unquote accidentally fell down some stairs.


Whoa. Oh. And no one was there to see it. Oh, that's a shame, Pierre. I guess he had tripped and fell, or many people speculate that maybe he had some help. Someone pushed him, you know? But after Pierre fell, Jean-Claude, he called the paramedics. But by the time they had gotten there, Pierre had died. So the police, they get asked, they ask Jean Claude about the accident and he's like, I have no idea what happened. I was just minding my own business and he fell down the stairs and that was that. But hey Jean Claude didn't have to pay that money back. So now Jean Claude, he swears he did not kill him, just for the record.


But you know, so Jean Claude, he was very busy. And then in 1989, at the age of 35, he decides that he, he needs a lover, he needs a mistress. And I heard that when you're French, having a mistress is not a big deal like it is here in America. Like monogamy is optional. Lemme know if that's true. I don't know. I thought I came across a bunch of articles about that and I was like, oh, really? Like lovers come and go. Okay, so Jean Claude picks up a lover after 10 years of marriage. He's like, look, maybe I need something else besides this Florence girl.


Okay? So Jean Claude, he wants a little love in, and he finds this love from a friend's ex-wife. She was a dentist, her name was Corin. So just like Jean Claude Corin also had two children of her own. And she was going through a divorce. She was looking to be treated right, she needs a man. That's when Jean Claude and Corinne kind of crossed paths. He would visit her in Paris where she lived and he would shower her and gifts. He would take her to exclusive restaurants, stay in five star hotels. And she was hooked. I mean she loved it. She thought they were in love and she bought into his whole story because the money was flowing.


So she's not gonna ask questions. Plus, on top of that, she recently had sold her dentistry and had sold it for 900,000 francs. So Jean-Claude was like, oh my god, money, you should invest that. So Corrine, she, not to like victim blame or anything, but she ends up giving him the whole $900,000 that she just got from selling her business. She ends up giving it to Bozo the whole amount. No girl, no. So Jean Claude is living it up, okay? It's now the early nineties. He's in love.


He's got a shit ton of money. He's just spending it like crazy. He's got this hot little mistress thing. He's just living loving laughing. Yeah, he really is. Okay. But then things start to catch up to him. You can't lie forever, somebody's gonna catch on to you. So after years of promising his investors, 18% returns on their money, friends are now like, Hey man, remember, remember that time he told me I was gonna get that money? What? you know, what's going on? I mean after years of investing, they wanna start seeing the dividends. So they're asking I mean their own bills were rising as their kids are getting older and they want to start withdrawing from their portfolios.


Fair, right? Fair. Except when they got their portfolios back, it was just like a bunch of numbers thrown together onto a World Health organization letterhead by Jean Claude. So it was like, okay, the money was gone, there was no money. And this is when John Claude is start to dodge all of his friends, right? Like he can't tell them there's no money. So he's just kind of trying to hide from them. But he can't hide for long because it's a small town and like everybody knows everyone. And also all the kids go to the same schools together. So it was like, where is this guy? So there was this one night at a PTA meeting, okay, another mom goes up to Florence Jean Claude's wife and tells her that her husband works at the World Health Organization as well.


And she's like, how funny is that? Right? And then she asks Florence like, how come she and the kids are like, they're, they never come around for the annual Christmas party. She's like, how come you guys are never there? I never see her family. And Florence tells the woman that she didn't feel comfortable taking advantage of such perks because that's what Jean Claude always used to say. I mean she's just a humble researcher. His only goal was to cure the world of heart disease. He didn't want to attend a Christmas party. So that's what Florence says. But you know, hmm. The seed was planted just before Christmas break that year, the president of the school board had a question for Jean Claude and he trying to call his office at the World Health Organization until he realized that he didn't have Jean Claude's number because Jean Claude never gave his office number out.


So the president has his secretary, look Jean Claude up in both the directory at the World Health Organization and the International Organization's Pension Fund database. And he's having a secretary do some research and both of them come up empty. Like there is no Jean Claude on the list. So this guy's really puzzled. He's like, what the hell? It's weird. Maybe it's a misprint. Okay, weird. Like the next day he runs into Florence, Jean Claude's wife, he runs into her on the street and he mentions like, Hey, I couldn't find your husband. What was that about? About she's caught off guard. She doesn't have an answer. She's like, I don't know.


And I guess she just really didn't even want to know, to be honest, because like she never found out really. But it was kind of like one of those things where the seed was planted for her. She was like, oh, this is weird, but I don't really know. I don't talk to my husband. Which fair? So things go from not great to even not greater because then Jean call gets a phone call from his mom. Oh no. And she wants money. She got a statement from her bank saying that the, the account was overdrawn by like $40,000. And she's like, what is going on? And Jean Claude quickly covers himself and tells her that he would transfer money into her account like asap.


And I guess she just didn't think anything about it. But then a week later, another letter came from the bank that said they were freezing her account because there was no money. So she's like, what the fuck? So now the year is 1993 and Jean Claude has been juggling these lies for quite some time. He's 39 and his life is starting to unravel. I mean even his own mother who adored him, trusted him completely. She was starting to suspect something was wrong, something was not right. And at this time also, everybody who had, who had invested money with him, they're all demanding their money back.


He's like, what do I do? What do I do? There was a real possibility that everyone was gonna find out about his lies and what, what he really did. And he is starting to panic, okay? At first, Jean Claude really considered suicide. He wrote numerous like rough drafts of what his suicide note would be or what it would say. And then he even made a tape recording of himself asking for forgiveness, like confessing and asking for forgiveness. It's like a confessional, but in the end he couldn't go through with it. He's like, killing yourself is scary. Yeah, this guy is a looney tune for sure.


So for the first time in 20 years, Jean Claude is starting to realize what a failure he was. Okay? He was overwhelmed with like how everybody's gonna receive this. And the pure embarrassment of it all really, it started all slap him right in the face. Jean Claude, he starts to panic about everyone finding everything out because of him. They're gonna be broke living on the streets. So this is all everything he's thinking about. And honestly, he settled on the fact that he could not let this happen. Like right? He can't let this, he can't let this happen. So he comes up with a plan. Oh, he sure does. Before I start, this is all according to Jean Claude.


He gave a very lengthy confessional and this is all according to him. So on January 5th, 1993, John Claude goes to two different banks and takes out 1000 francs, 1000 from each bank. He says he gives 500 of those dollars to a random of homeless man he saw on the street and then he proceeds to go to the gun shop. Just a side note really quick, I always thought that was weird that he like mentioned in his confessional that he gave 500 to a random unhoused person because like why would he mention that? Like did he really? Maybe he's trying to like at least seem kind of like nice, so he'll go to heaven or whatever. I just feel like you wouldn't give an a homeless person $500 before you go off your home.


Entire family. That's all. That's all I'm getting at. That's just my opinion though. And like, what the fuck do I know? I'm surprised. Every week here he goes to the gun shop, he buys a stun wand, two tear gas canisters, a box of cartridges, and a silencer for his 22 caliber rifle that was gifted to him on his 16th birthday. He's like, yay. So he sat with those items for a few days and he told himself that they were gifts for other people. But really in the back of his mind, he was planning on using these things on his family. Friday night, January 8th, Florence, she was on the phone with her mother.


And I guess it was kind of like a very distressing call. Florence's mom spent the whole time, I guess moaning about not being invited to somebody's wedding and also just complaining about being old. This is what it said. Okay, that's what is said. So she's just complaining, complaining, complaining. And Florence is on the other end, I guess, just feeling bad because she feels bad for her mom for being just such a bitch. So Jean-Claude is nearby. He's being like a dotting husband. He sits next to her on the couch and she's wiping her tears and he is holding her comforting her. And then at some point they go upstairs and she falls asleep in bed.


So it's early in the morning when Jean-Claude creeps into the kitchen. He grabs a rolling pin. Yeah, rolling pin. And apparently he had just bought this rolling pin for Christmas. He was going to give it to Florence.


Popeye's has the wings you crave as a meal, a snack, or at your next party for just 5 99 for a six piece crunchy, spicy bone in wings or tender white meat. Boneless wings are seasoned to perfection in Louisiana, herbs and spices, and then tossed in so many different amazing flavors that you can tell if one is better than the last. Pick your wing, choose your sauce and savor all the flavor possibilities. It the best of both wings. And they're just 5 99 for a six piece. All that chicken from Popeyes at participating us restaurants.


Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds at Min Mobile, we like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot, we charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month slows full turns@mintmobile.com.


Popeye's has the wings you crave as a meal, a snack, or at your next party for just 5 99 for a six piece crunchy, spicy bone end wings or tender white meat Boneless wings are seasoned to perfection in Louisiana, herbs and spices, and then tossed in so many different amazing flavors that you can tell if one is better than the last. Pick your wing, choose your sauce and savor all the flavor possibilities. It's the best of both wings and they're just 5 99 for a six piece. All that chicken for Popeyes at participating in rest restaurants. Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot, we charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you.


That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront for three months plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slows full turns@mintmobile.com. Thanks. He grabs his rolling pin and then he goes up to Florence and starts repeatedly hitting her over the head until she dies. And then he ends up like wiping the rolling pin clean. He covers Florence with a duvet. He said he was worried just in case the kids get they got up and like saw her. Wow. So considerate psycho. And then, okay, so just after he freaking bludgeoned his wife to death, who didn't even wanna marry him, the phone rings.


So Jean Claude is like, oh, okay. It's a friend asking if Florence could help lead mass. That Saturday night, Jean Claude whispers back, no. And he's like apologizing to her for whispering on the phone, but he was whispering because the family was still asleep. Okay, Are you following? I hope so. The family's still asleep, so he is like, I'm whispering, but no, she can't. No. And then he takes it a step further and he says, oh, I could go wake up Florence if he really wanna talk to her. you know, I could do that 'cause you're a friend. The friend's like, oh no, no, no, no. Like it's fine.


It's, you know, All, right? No big deal. Jean-Claude was trying to whisper because he really didn't wanna wake the kids up. But at that point it was too late. The kids had gotten up and I guess they were kind of getting rowdy. So Jean-Claude tells the kids that they need to calm down and stay quiet because their mom was still asleep. So he's like, let me make you guys some cereal. I think it was like Cocoa Pops or something. Yeah. So he makes them some cocoa pops. Yum. He cuddles with the kids and watches TV with them. He watches he's this. And then after the show's over, he tells Carolyn she needs to have her temperature taken and she okay, whatever.


So she lies on her stomach and put her pillow over her head to keep the thermometer away. And I guess John Claude just sees us as a moment of opportunity and he ends up, he ends up shooting Carolyn. Ugh, ugh, ugh. Yep. So at this point, he's just gonna go completely ape shit and he does, he tries to give his son Antoine water with a bunch of like sedatives in it, you know, crushed up or whatever. He tries to give that to his kid and Antoine takes a sip and he doesn't like it.


So he tells his dad that he doesn't wanna drink it because it's nasty. So instead Jean Claude ends up just shooting him. I'm like twitching. Just like, what the fuck, bro? Jean Claude leaves his dead wife and kids at the house. He wraps his rifle up, he puts it in the car and then he drives about an hour away to his parents' house. So he goes to his parents' house, he hangs out with them, he has lunch with them, he has lunch with them. And then at the end he goes upstairs to like see his childhood bedroom and he calls his dad upstairs and he's like, dad, come look at the air vents. So that's when the dad looks into the air vent and Jean Claude shoots him in the back.


Yeah. So just feel like that is a lot. Well, he's not done. Jean Claude calls his mom upstairs and he ends up shooting her right in the chest. She's the only person to actually see him shoot them. 'cause everyone else was turned away and she was not. That's when Sean Claude sees us as an opportunity to also kill the family dog. And then he would later say that he killed the family dog for his daughter. So now that they could be happily ever after together in the afterlife. What the fuck? So literally everyone is dead.


He goes downstairs, he washes the gun and then he puts it on the gun rack. He looks at his house, looks at the how, what he did, and then he just leaves and he drives away. This same night, Jean-Claude, he goes and he sees his mistress, Corinne, and he tells her that they're going to have dinner with the super important guy. So she gets dressed up, he picks her up as if he did not just murder everybody. He picks her up and they're going to this dinner in the town next door. He's lying, they're not going to dinner. But this is what he tells Corinne. Okay. So he ends up driving out to this like small forest town where he plans to like dump Corinne's body.


So on the drive there, he tells her that he's going to leave his wife and be with her and move to Paris and all this stuff. So then after not knowing like really what else to say, Jean Claude, he pulls over to like a picnic area and he tells Corinne that he has a necklace for her that he's been meaning to give her. So he tells her to get out the car, like turn around, you know, close your eyes and I'm gonna give you a little surprise, you know, like you would put a necklace on. And she does exactly that. And he ends up tear gassing her. He uses his stun thing to stun her in the stomach. I know Poor Corrine, like holy shit, I mean poor, all of them, but like, damn.


So now Corrine is like laying on the ground. I guess she's begging for her life. And for some reason Jean-Claude actually stops and he lets her go. I don't know about this one. He actually stops attacking her. He apologizes and then he takes her back home, which was almost two hours away, which must have been like the most awkward drive ever, you know? And it, it gets people thinking about this story, like why didn't he? There's a lot of different theories. Like my thought is maybe he really loved her. I don't know. But he didn't kill her. So that's, that's good.


That's, that's what we want. No killing. So in the car, Jean Claude tells her that his cancer is back and it's been affecting his memory and like what he's doing and that's why he tried to kill her. He's like, yeah, cancer made me kill you. So by the end of the ride, Jean Claude begs Corinne not to tell anyone what happened. He's like, please don't tell anyone. And he even promised, he promised her that he would get her all of her money back and she just can't tell anyone. She's like, sure, yeah. Okay. So a few minutes after he drops Corinne off, he drives to a payphone and he calls her from the payphone and he tells her that he promises that was not premeditated and that if he wanted to kill her, he would've done it at her apartment click.


So he's being weird. I don't know what else to say. This guy is a loon. He is psychotic. Psychotic. Holy shit. So the next morning after dropping off, Corinne, Sean, Claude, he actually goes back to his home with his dead wife and kids still upstairs. He takes a nap on the couch. And then I guess at some point he wakes up in a sweaty panic because he's worried that people are gonna spot his car and think he's home, which he was. But he didn't want people to know that. So he grabs the keys to his car and he drives it to like the local market and parks it there.


So once he parks his car, he writes down a confessional. It's just like, please forgive me, forgive me. I'm a good person. Forgive me. He leaves that note in the car, he walks back home and then around 3:00 AM Jean Claude starts to douse his attic stairwell and the bodies with gasoline. He puts on his pajamas and he takes about 20 sleeping pills, which it was noted that they were expired by 10 years. And then he lights a match, he puts clothes at the bottom of the door to like stop the smoke from getting into the room. And he lays next to Florence. So the room is starting to fill up with smoke.


And when that happens, he ends up opening a window and that's when firefighters spot him and they rescue him. And when they rescue him, that's when he loses consciousness. So remember that whole fire fire scene? Yeah. That was that. That was that. So when he wakes up from his, his coma, he goes in for questioning, you know, and they already know about all of his crimes and what this guy's been doing, they just need a confession. And they end up questioning him for about seven hours and then eventually he cracks and he gives like a full detailed confession is what he did. Jean Claude is arrested and he's waiting for trial. And his trial didn't take place until three years later in 1996.


So when the trial finally started, Jean Claude would go into detail about his childhood and like the pressure he was under to succeed in life. He talked about how his dad was this war vet heavily decorated and his mom was sick and absent, which is why he had to lie the way he did. Yeah. This is why everybody, and while he's given this, he's crying, spending hours in court with this confessional. And then he finally gets to the night of the murders and his whole angle was that he was desperate and wanted to spare his family from the shame that was about to be brought on to their name because of him.


That makes sense. That makes sense. So he tells the court that he intended to die with his family in the fire and that's why he swallowed all those pills because he wanted to die. But the prosecution, they had pointed out that there were holes in his story because at 4:00 AM the time that he started the fire, that's usually when the sanitation workers would be driving by the house to pick up trash. So you know, they would spot it. Also, he lit the fire in the attic first so that it, it couldn't be missed. Right? He also didn't set the bedroom. He was in on fire and he also cracked the window open once it was filling with smoke.


So they're like, he didn't wanna die. It was just a show. It was a magic trick. He was performing a magic trick. So Jean Claude, his case obviously was a hit in the media, but also psychologists were very involved with this as well because he was diagnosed as a narcissist. But his profile was so different than most killers that he became a subject of a lot of debate. They gave one example, like he would cry and become super enraged that his family had been taken away from him and he seemed to be like disconnected from the fact that he was the one who actually killed them.


They're like, what's that called? Anyone? So it was a confusing case. And at trial, Jean-Claude confessed to everything he did, but he set it up in a way where his confession made him sound like a victim. And it's like two things can be true at the same time, but you know, you killed everyone. So go sit your ass in, in jail, man. Prison. Sorry. So sentencing comes up, okay, in France, it's normal for defendants to give a final statement at sentencing. Jean Claude's final statement. He got up there and he addressed Florence's mother and brothers and 'cause they're still alive. Lucky.


Yeah. And asked for their forgiveness. And he is like, I know you guys won't forgive me, but please. Then he also, in his final statement, he also addressed his dead parents, his wife, his kids, the dogs. He just goes on and on and on asking for forgiveness from, from everyone doing a big old performance. And it was like, oh my God, you didn't have to kill him, sir. Like you really, that was not the right thing to do there. Okay? It's like, geez. So it takes about like five hours for them to come back with the sentencing and he would be given life in prison with the possibility of parole at 22 years.


Now get this because he got out, it's so fucked. Okay, listen. 'cause this is nuts to me. He was up for parole in 2015 and in 2019 he was granted parole for good behavior and all the guards, they would say that he never bothered anyone and he was so well behaved. Jean Claude was released into custody of a local monastery as part of his parole, which is kind of cool. So he would perform chores and he served time working along alongside the monks. It was basically house arrest. But at the church now some people are like, Hmm, this is good PR.


So now he, I think he's still there or he's just been released. I don't know about that one. but who am I to judge? Okay. I felt like that was a really long story. If it was, I apologize, but there was a lot to be said. I don't think this guy should be out at all. His whole life was a lie. He snapped and murdered everybody. I don't know. Is that, is that treatable? You don't think he might maybe be tempted on to do that again? Hopefully he's still in, in Paris and not over here. I don't know. I. hope you have a good rest of your day. Please be safe out there. Okay? But other than that, I'll be seeing you guys later.


Goodbye.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited, premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid, get 15 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. 45 upfront for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time, unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month slows full terms@mintmobile.com.


We'll look, if we're gonna be active in the hot summer sun, then we need to be like properly hydrated and there's no better way to do that than with Liquid iv. If you don't know, a single stick of Liquid IV makes ordinary hydration extraordinary. Oh yes. And I'm not exaggerating with three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink, plus an optimized ratio of essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients. Liquid IV and its hydration multiplier is perfect before, during, and even after workouts. They're smart, innovative hydration solution. Hydrates better than water alone. And it's like water 2.0 all in a single stick. If you don't know, a single stick of Liquid IV makes ordinary hydration extraordinary. Like they say, just tear, pour and live more. And the only thing better than the convenience of Liquid IV is how delicious it tastes. I've talked about their Concord grape before. Hmm, I love Concord Grape. Woo. But they also have four delicious sugar-free flavors, white peach, green grape, raspberry melon, and lemon lime. So if you're going to head outdoors for some fresh air and cardio this summer, don't forget to like pack some Liquid iv. There's a reason. It's the number one powdered hydration brand in America. Turn your ordinary water into extraordinary hydration with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and then use Code Dark History at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop Better Hydration Today. Using Code Dark history@liquidiv.com.