
And now a next level moment from at and t business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G, so you're fully confident but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease. So the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly, especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G network.


Dear McDonald's, your breakfast menu, fire tens across the board. I could be happy with anything even though I order the same thing every time. Thanks for not judging me. I'll try something new. Next time. Maybe Score a two for $5. Deal on a sausage McMuffin with egg. And more limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Hi friends, how are you today? I hope you're having a good day. Are you? My name is Bailey Sarian and today's Monday, which means it's murder Mystery and Makeup Monday If you are new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I sit down and I talk about a true crime story that's been heavy on my noggin and I do my makeup at the same time. Let's get into today's story. The babysitter from hell. Oh, there's kids in today's story. So just a little heads up. Alright, here we go With this one, because I was like, How did this go on for so long and nobody said anything and I'm always surprised and it's like why am I still surprised?


But I'm always still surprised. Today we are covering the case of Christine Falling who From the years of 19 82, 19 82 she had killed five infants and one elderly man. She attempted to murder three other infants during this time. Luckily she was unsuccessful, but this crazy ass bitch got away with so much, so much So here we go. Great. So Christine, Laverne Slaughter later should be falling, but her last name was Slaughter already.


Not off to a great start. Okay. She was born in 1963 in Perry, Florida. Now Christine did not have a great life, an upbringing. So Christine's mom, her name was Ann. Well she was only 16 at the time of Christine's birth. By the time Christine was born, Ann already had another daughter named Carol, who is Christine's older sister. So okay. Young. Yes. And it doesn't make it better that Christine's father, Ann's husband, his name was Thomas and Thomas was 65. Yep. So not great.


Sure we can all agree on that. Not great. 65 and a 16-year-old. Wow. Thomas, he worked as a woodsman and he did things in the wood. He did things in the woods and he was known to be inattentive and violent. Okay. Christine's early childhood was marked by like persistent poverty and neglect. And despite Anne having two young daughters at home, she would go missing for like months at a time. Yeah, she would just up and leave. Sometimes Anne would return pregnant and sometimes she just wouldn't return at all.


In the two years following Christine's birth, Anne would go on to have two more children. Two boys, Michael and Earl. Earl, a name you don't hear too often, Earl. So of all four of the children, the dad Thomas, he would only claim that Earl, the youngest of all four of them was his actual biological son. So with that being said, like he treated all the other kids like shit. And that was his excuse that they weren't his. So even after she had her two young sons, Ann, she would still disappear. She would go missing, you know, it is what it is.


And I guess during her absence, Thomas, the dad would take the children with him out in the woods where he worked and like make them help him with work. I guess there was one day when Thomas was out working with the kids and he suffered from like a major back injury, something like that. But because of this injury, Anne was forced to come back and like rejoin the family because he needed help and he couldn't take care of the family alone. But instead of it being like good that Anne was around more, it only resulted in just more like constant conflict in the house. Everyone was fighting all the time and everyone was just angry.


So not great. So when Christine was four, Ann and I guess Thomas could no longer afford to care for her. So Christine and her sister Carol were adopted by the falling family. So the Fallings, they were a religious bunch, you know, but Christine's time with them I guess was just filled with more pain and more suffering. Both Christine and Carol would say that they were subjected to physical and sexual abuse by their adopted father. His name was Jesse falling. So they came out, the two girls, they spoke out saying that they were being abused and assaulted and the Fallings, they denied the allegations, you know, saying that the girls were lying.


Jesse ended up getting arrested twice for sexually abusing Carol. But the allegations, they were dropped and I guess like one had gone to trial and it ended with a hung jury and the second charge resulted in just like, it was just dropped. So like nothing came from it. So the falling family still had the two girls and like I, their home was just very toxic. It was said that they would go to church, right? And the, the local like church pastor noticed something was going on and then he finally stepped in and intervened. And as a result, Christine and her sister Carol were sent to Great Oaks Village in Orlando, Florida.


And this was like a group foster home, specifically designated for neglected and abused children. Christine would later comment on how much she enjoyed her time at Great Oaks. Her caretakers, though they had something else to say. They described Christine as a habitual liar. A compulsive thief. And as someone who would often break rules to get attention, I guess Christine's relationship with the other children at the, the foster home. I couldn't like find too much. But what was said was that people that encountered her said that she was horrific.


Yeah, I guess Christine was known for her violent behavior and I mean, I'm talking violent because she, she would literally kill animals, small animals. Oh yes, she would, which we all know is not a great sign. But she would take cats. Yeah. And she would drop them from like super high up from, I don't know how many, how many stories this building was. But she would go to great heights and then she would drop them because she wanted to test the cats nine lives. She was also caught a handful of times strangling cats because that's how she showed them her quote unquote love.


The other day someone was trying to make a joke and was like, when you die, can I have all your makeup brushes? And I was like, ha ha ha. No you can't. They're going with me. Okay, thank you. But then you know, you have to think about it like, are you planning? Are you, what are, what are you gonna do? What's your plan? I don't know. So listen, got to thinking death is obviously awkward to talk about for some odd reason, but it's going to happen to all of us. So we might as well be prepared. And no one makes being prepared easier than select quote. Select quote is one of America's leading insurance brokers and they know what they're doing. I mean they've been doing business for nearly 40 years, helping over 2 million people find coverage that actually fits. They work with top carriers to get you a personalized policy sometimes in just 15 minutes. That's how long I was in line for a car wash yesterday and now it's raining. So that's life, huh? And if you're in good health, well guess what? No medical exam needed. Boom. Okay. Some policies are even less than a dollar a day. You've probably spent more than that on coffee. You know, they'll get you a policy that's right for you and your budget. They shop you save, get the right life insurance for YOU for LESS at select.com/makeup. Go to select quote.com/makeup today to get started. That's select quote.com/makeup.


So Christine's worrisome behavior was compounded by like the fact that she was considered developmentally disabled. She was prone to o obesity and she suffered from fits of epilepsy and aggression. So Christine was never able to acquire developmental skills beyond those of a sixth grader. Now because of Christine's appearance, her poor social skills and the fact that she wasn't very intellectual, she got picked on a lot. Okay. A lot of the kids that were at that foster home were just mean to her. Picked on her, made fun of her, called her, I don't know what they called her, but it was said that they had a lot of cruel commentary.


And just after one year of staying at Great Oaks, both of the girls were sent back to live with the Fallings. Yeah, I don't know why. I mean I thought it, you know, I guess because technically like the father wasn't convicted any of anything, so they must be fine so bad. But they get sent back to live with the fallings and you know, the physical and sexual abuse, they just continues, continues on. I guess there was like one instance in October of 1975 where the adoptive father Jesse had like beat Christine so bad that, you know, it left her all bruised and battered and then like the next day he forced her to wear shorts to school so everyone could see the quote unquote justice marks.


Like he was fucking sick. I guess after that instance happened, like literally the very next day, both of the girls, Christine and Carol, they ran away. I guess they ran away to one of Carol's friend's house where like the family took them in. But after a few weeks together, Christine took off and went to go live with their birth mother Ann. Yeah, she was in like Blountstown Florida. I don't know how she found her, but she found her. So she's down in BLS town and BLS town was like a small farming town at the time. It had a population of 2,400 people. I don't know if it's still like that today, but small. And again, because it's small, like I say it a lot, but you know, it's one of those places where everybody knew one another and they knew everyone's business.


So then at the age of 14, Christine don't ask me how there's a lot of blanks here, but she's 14 and she ends up marrying a man in his twenties. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, obviously not great, right? But it happens, they get married and I guess the marriage, like right off the bat was there was daily beatings and altercations and it was said that at one point, like they had gotten into a really bad fight and Christine 14, she picks up this 25 pound stereo.


She chucks it at the guy, like just throws that at his head. And I guess after that the marriage ended, like the marriage ended in divorce after like six weeks. So it was quick, very quick. Not sure how it happened, but it ended just as quick. So that happened. So like after her failed marriage, this is when Christine started to have like hypochondriac like episodes. Over the co course of two years she was hospitalized 50 times five zero. She had complained of hallucinations.


She was seeing like red dots in her eyes. She claimed that her menstrual bleeding was like super, she thought she, like, she was dying essentially. I think she just didn't understand like how her body worked. But you know, like she still went to the doctors over it 'cause she was freaking out. And then she, on multiple different occasions, she had gone to the doctors saying she had, she had snake bites, but like no snake bites, you know, I was like weird. But doctors like, they would see her every time, but they were never able to find anything wrong with her. So when Christine was 17, that's when she started working as like the local babysitter for neighbors and friends.


Despite her limitations, she still in the neighborhood, she was known for like deeply caring for children and she was also just pretty reliable. So in February of 1980, Christine was caring for 2-year-old Cassidy Johnson, and I guess Cassidy Johnson was doing fine. And then in the middle of her having to babysit Cassidy had to be rushed to the hospital. So Christine had told the doctors and whatnot that Cassidy had passed out and then fell out of the, the, the crib. She had no idea what happened.


And the, the hospital staff, they were all praising her like, oh my god, Christine, you're like, you're, you're so great. You ha you handled this emergency so well. Because I guess Christine had wrapped the baby Cassidy in a blanket and had attempted mouth to mouth resuscitation on her way to the hospital. Allegedly, while at the hospital, baby Cassidy was diagnosed with encephalitis, which is brain inflammation. And baby Cassidy would die like a few days later. The autopsy listed the cause of death as blunt force trauma to the skull, which you think would like raise some flags, but it sure didn't.


Sure didn't. Now the physician who initially saw Baby Cassidy did not believe Christine's story about, you know, the baby falling out of the crib. And this physician was like, Hmm, something ain't right. They wrote a note and they were like, look into Christine handed it to the police in hopes that they would investigate it further. But the note that they wrote was somehow lost. They misplaced it. Police did do an interview with Christine, but there was no evidence, you know, that was brought against her. So the case was closed. So that same month Christine was carrying for 4-year-old Jeffrey Davis watching them for the night, everything's going fine.


And then of nowhere Jeffrey stopped breathing. So Christine, she dials 9 1 1 and the paramedics, they rushed to the house, but when they get there, it was too late and they were unable to save little Jeffrey. So, I mean, this death was also like really suspicious, but an autopsy was ordered and the cause of death was listed as myocarditis. Sorry if I, it was a heart condition that is rarely fatal, but still the medical exam examiner noted that there was no other potential cause of death and therefore the case was closed. They're like, oh, that's rare.


Close that case solved. Okay, well, I mean, Christine life just continues on, okay, literally a few days later. Okay, Christine was asked to babysit 2-year-old Joseph Spring baby Jeffrey's cousin, and the parents wanted to attend Baby Jeffrey funeral. So they're like, Christine, can you come and like watch Joseph? So during her time babysitting, once again, Christine called 9 1 1 and told the operator that Joseph wasn't breathing and that like, she could not wake him up from his nap.


Literally the parents are at the funeral of the baby that Christine just, you know, oh yeah, they bring baby Joseph into the hospital and the doctors end up diagnosing him with a viral infection and they're trying to keep him alive. But sadly, he, he dies shortly after getting there. Now at this time, the doctors note that this is probably what was responsible for baby Jeffrey's death as well. You know, like, oh, probably the same thing. Unfortunately, there was no investigation into the deaths of these two young boys. You know, it was just listed as a viral infection.


And that was that, I'm not kidding you when I say this, but one month later, one month later, 3-year-old Kyle Summerlin was being babysat by Christine. And while Christine was watching him, he became critically ill. Now he gets rushed to the hospital. Thankfully, like the doctors were able to recover him and they diagnosed him with meningitis and baby Kyle would be, he would go, he would be okay, he would be okay. But the doctors are thinking like, God damn, like some weird stuff was going on around here. I wonder what, like, there just babies are getting sick. It's wild.


You know, when you have a great idea for a business and it just like lives in the your notes app of your phone and you're like, how is this ever really gonna happen? It's an idea, right? I mean, it's an idea because at the end of the day, running a business, even if it's a small business, is a ton of work. Well, Shopify is there to make that vision a reality and make running a business easier than ever before. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world. It's there to help you tackle all the important tasks that come with running a business in one place. Shopify makes marketing easy with built-in tools that can run social media campaigns, email campaigns. Yeah, they can do it for you. And when you're ready, you can even take things internationally because Shopify has tools to help your business run in over 150 countries. Damn, I know Shopify even has tools to connect your online and offline sales all in one place. If in person is more your style, you know, or maybe online, either or with the best converting checkout on the planet, you'll never miss a sale again with Shopify. Get all the big stuff with your small business, right with Shopify. Sign up for your one dollar per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash makeup. Go to Shopify dot com slash makeup Shopify dot com slash makeup Shopify dot com slash makeup.


So baby Kyle would go on to be okay, but Christine would like still continue working as a babysitter in the area for quite some time. Like nothing, stop this bitch. So after this, Christine kind of chills out for a bit. Just for a year. Just for a year. And then the following year, Charles, who was three, and Jeffrey Heal or heel who who was 14 months became ill and were hospitalized while Christine was babysitting them. Luckily everything was okay and the two of them would go on to recover. But you think because this is a small farming town and everyone knows one another, like people would be putting some pieces together, connecting some, some dots, or maybe be like, Hey, wow, this Christine girl has some really bad luck.


Am I right? No, no one, no one is, I'm not trying to blame, you know, but you just would think it's a small town. Like literally it's like everyone knows each other's business. I don't know a miss here. There was a miss happening. Well, eventually, I guess Christine is like, okay, I gotta get outta here, you know, I gotta get, I gotta get outta here. So she ends up moving to her hometown of Perry, which is in northern Florida. And while she's there, she got a job working as a nursing assistant and housekeeper for senior citizens. Oh no, I know. Oh no. How she got this job? I don't know.


Gosh, she did. So she was assigned to work for a senior named William Swindle. So they're like, okay, you're assigned to William, blah blah bloop, right? This bitch, she couldn't even, she couldn't even wait. One day. On the very first day, Christine started caring for him. William passes away. William was found unresponsive on, on his kitchen floor when he was found. He was rushed to the hospital and then pronounced dead because of his age and his poor health. The local authorities, like they didn't investigate his, his death and there was no autopsy performed.


So his cause of death was listed as a heart attack, which is so sad. I mean, all of it's sad. Yes, yes, yes. But you know, so that same month, same month, Christine's half-sister and Christine go to the supermarket. Christine's half-sister like is like, oh, I'll be right back. Can you stay with my kid in the car? And her daughter's eight months old, her name's Jennifer, and she gets left in the car with Christine's half-sister. Christine's like, yeah, watch your baby. No problem. Christine's half-sister comes out and she sees that Christine's like in a panic and that her baby was dead. So obviously freaking out.


Right? Oh my god. And mind you, like there, there's a lot of like missing pieces here, but like, this is what we know. I guess baby Jennifer had received her va vac vaccinations earlier that morning. So the cause of death was thought to be a reaction to the vaccines. Doctors also suspected sudden infant death syndrome, also known as Sids as a possible cause of death. But once again, like the child's death was determined to be of natural causes and there was no investigation. Mm mm Her own half sister. So then after this, a year would go by without any one, any infants or older elders dying under Christine's supervision.


But then in June of 1982, Christine was watching babysitting. A 10 week old Travis Coleman and Travis suddenly experienced respiratory issues. Well under Christine's care, baby Travis would end up being rushed to the hospital just like the previous victims would end up surviving and, and staying, staying in the hospital for about a week. And then was released, recovered, sent home, I guess like returned home July 1st and the parents had to step away again or something. And they freaking asked Christine to watch the baby again.


Again, we're not, we're not blaming the parents. They didn't know. But it's like, what the fuck? Anyway, so Christine now gets a second chance, I guess. So she's back watching Baby Travis. This time under Christine's care, baby dies. Huh? Baby dies. Oh my God. So this time an autopsy gets done and when the autopsy comes back, it finds that there was like internal injuries that could only have been caused by suffocation. Like that was the only way to get these injuries. But even after this incident, the doctor, her name was like Dr.


Flora Wellings, who studied like several of the deceased children's cases. She said that she believed Christine was a quote victim of circumstances and that she had no scientific reason to think otherwise. Yeah. Even though like the suffocation thing, like, I don't know what's going on over there. I dunno. But they're like, she's like, no, I don't think it was Christine. It was just like a weird coincidence.


It feels like there's always a new broad trend. Like it's, you know, the pushup, the t-shirt, triangle bra. And as girls with maybe a larger chest look at other women like, Hmm, I wonder what it's like to wear bra with no support, you know, or no bra at all. Must be nice. Well, Good news for women of all sizes. Skims has got us covered. This brand provides amazing support and lift and I don't feel like I'm wearing anything. I don't know what kind of magic they put into this fabric, but it, it really feels like nothing. Like you're not wearing anything. It's boob changing, you could say. And there fits everybody collection. I know I'm late to the party, but now I get it. I definitely get it. This stuff is a game changer. Okay, I slipped on the underwear and literally said out loud like, wait, where is it? Like, where did it go? I can't even tell. It's there. It's like it melts into your body, especially If you are wearing like a, a thong. You know, I don't know about you, but I don't find them comfortable. But with these ones, it's like it doesn't, the butt doesn't eat it. Okay? It doesn't disappear. No weird lines, no digging in into awkward places. It's just silky. It's buttery fabric that somehow feels and fits like second skin. Anyway. If you're hesitant, this is your sign. You're gonna be replacing every pair of underwear you own with Skims. Okay, skims baby, they really said comfort. But make it Hot Shops Skims Unlimited Bronc collection and more@skims.com and Skims LA flagship on Sunset Boulevard. After you place your order, be sure to let them know I sent you select podcasts in the survey. And be sure to select my show in the dropdown menu that follows.


And now a next level moment from at and t business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at and T 5G, so you're fully confident, but the vendor isn't responding and International sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at and T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease. So the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly. Especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G network.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


So Then after Baby Travis's death, there's a local newspaper, it's called like the Tallahassee Democrat. This local newspaper calls Christina up and they're like, we would love to do an interview with you. Like, just talk to you, you, because they found out like the all these babies had died in her care and they wanted to get Christine's input. And she tells them that her hardest job was to quote, keep my mind off of it as much as I can. I've been through five youngins. It's enough to get you scared. That's what she tells the newspaper that she's been through Five Jins Girl. She said, that's in a newspaper. Christine also mentions that when she gets too tense and like things get really serious, she blacks out and she suffers from epileptic seizures, which then often lead to hospitalization trying to like draw attention back to her.


In that same interview, Christine had added that, that when she was a child, she tried several times to end her own life by like, you know, cutting her wrist or like overdosing on pills. Again, like I'm not trying to discredit what anything she's, you know, I'm not trying to discredit that, but it was like it was a way for her to draw attention back to herself and kind of going back to like when she was younger and she was a liar and stuff like it was this kind of, you know, you wanna believe, but at the same time it's hard to believe her anyhow. But then in this interview she said, quote, the way I look at it, there's some reason God is letting me go through this. If God hadn't wanted me to go through this, then he wouldn't have let it happen.


That's pretty fucked up, Christine. Christine, that's pretty fucked up. So after this came out, like in the newspaper, luckily someone was paying attention, one of the police officers was paying attention, so they ended up bringing Christine in for questioning and like, I guess it didn't take long for them to know that something was not right. And they admitted her to the psychiatric hospital for assessment. And it was while she was there that where she confessed to killing three of the infants that were in her care. She denied the others, but she said that she killed those three babies by smothering.


She told detectives that she would press blankets and pillows over their faces because she heard voices chanting, kill the baby, kill the baby, like over and over again. Kill the baby, you know, kill the baby. Kill the baby. So Christine was arrested and charged with first degree murder in July of 1982. But she was only charged with the murders of Cassidy Johnson, the first child she killed, Jennifer Daniels, her niece, and Travis Coleman, who was her final victim. But in November of 1982, an agent in Florida's department of law enforcement testified that Christine had told her sister Carol that she had indeed killed five children who were in her care.


And I guess that Christine would go on to state quote, I don't know why I'd done what I'd done the way I'd done it. I seen it done on TV shows. I had my own way though, simple and easy. No one could hear them scream. She gave like a taped confession. At one point in her taped confession, Christine said that she smothered Cassidy Johnson because she had quote, gotten kind of rowdy or something. And then when asked about the others, she went on to say that Jeffrey Davis quote made me mad or something. I was already mad that morning. I just took it out on him and just started choking him till he was dead.


End quote, geez Louise, I'm sorry. I know what the fuck she said. Joseph Spring was napping when quote, I don't know, I just got the urge and wanted to kill him. She seems to not know a lot, huh? And that Jennifer Daniels was quote, continually crying and crying and crying and it made me mad. So I just put my hands around her neck and choked her till she shut up. What do you even say? Huh? What do you even say to that? And then as for Travis Coleman, he was sleeping and she said she killed him for quote, no parent reason. Just very like, yeah, I don't know. I'll circle back. The girl obviously is not okay. In December of 1982, Christine pled guilty to murdering three children.


In exchange for her guilty plea. The state didn't pursue charges involving the two cousins who died in her care. They also didn't seek the death penalty. Instead, she received three concurrent life sentences. Christina eventually confessed to squeezing the life out of William Swindle. The elderly man who death was thought to be a heart attack. She squeezed the life out of him. I don't know you guys, I don't fucking know this. I don't know. You know, I hate saying it, but there's some people I think that maybe you know, the death penalty, like, you know? Mm. You know, you know, like if I look away and it happened, you know, but maybe I'm a bad person.


Well, Christina's still alive. She's imprisoned at the Lowell Correctional Institution in Ocala, Florida. Well, she's there, okay. And she's still alive. In 2017, after having served 25 years, Christine was eligible for parole. Her application was rejected by the parole review board. No one showed up to her parole, like her parole hearing. 'cause they can, and like so show support, whatever. No one's shut up for this bitch. She better not get out. She has no business getting out during her time in prison. Christine has said that, you know, she hears voices, but doctors have rejected these claims. So either way, Christine returned to her old habit of like being sick all the time.


I guess she goes to the medical Bay for like Mystery illnesses and non-specific symptoms like all of the time. It seemed Christine's need for attention, which counselors at Great Oaks had noted, was transferred to getting attention from medical professionals. I mean, this need for attention seemed to peak after her failed marriage. Yeah, maybe, I don't know. Observation. It's believed that Christine possibly developed Munchhausen syndrome. Those affected by Munchhausen. They seek comfort from medical personnel for exaggerated or self-inflicted symptoms of illness.


Munchhausen syndrome is closely related to munchhausen by proxy, Munchausen syndrome by proxy in which the afflicted person abuses others, usually a child to get attention or sympathy for themselves. The exact cause of Munchausen syndrome is not known, but researchers are looking at the role of biological and psychological factors in its development. There's some theories that suggest that a history of abuse or neglect as a child might be factors in the development of the syndrome in this case seems about right. Just to say like Munchausen syndrome is rare, but obtaining accurate statistics is really difficult because dishonesty is common with the illness.


Isn't that nuts? So it's like, it's hard for to like gather evidence and stuff. Anyways, how do you end this one? Huh? That my friends is the awful story of Christine Falling and how she got away with bullshit for way too long. Sadly, no one caught on. She just went under the radar for quite some time, huh? Seriously. Like, geez, Louise Ivy. Anyways, I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. You make good choices and I'll be seeing you guys later. Goodbye.