
Will talk to me. A, B, C tonight they Took his daughter, she's coming home alive. Will Trent, the series critics are calling Powerful must see. TV V continues to thrill Shouldn, we strategize before we go in there. If we screw up This case at co Walks free with the rive conclusion to a two-part season premiere GBI. Help me get down. I'll dread on you tonight on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


Hear that that's the beginning of a journey powered by the confidence that comes from driving a vehicle so reliable. It's backed by a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty where your journey ends. Well that's up to you. Visit your local Kia dealer today. Kia movement that inspires. See retailer for warranty details always drive safely. Limited inventory available.


Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and I'd like to welcome you to Murder Mystery and Makeup. The podcast today is a Podcast Exclusive story. Oh yes, this one's just for you baby girl. Listen, today we're gonna be talking about Going Postal. Have you ever heard that phrase? Well back in the nineties we had all sorts of fun. I guess some might say like cringy. There was phrases like You go girl, or like talk to the hand or that's the bum, you know? But looking back by far the CRST slang phrase was Going Postal, which was popularized in iconic movies like Clueless and TV shows like Seinfeld because the reality is Going Postal has some pretty dark origins.


Between 1986 and 2006, there were a rash of shootings that took place at US post offices all carried out by postal workers. The first occurred on August 20th, 1986 at the Edmund Post Office in Edmund, Oklahoma at the hands of postal carrier Patrick Cheryl. In a matter of 15 minutes, Cheryl killed 14 coworkers and injured an additional six before turning the gun on himself. What makes an already horrifying situation even worse is that the postal services response was severely lacking. In fact, many believe the extreme stressful work environment and the hiring practices at USPS were major contributing factors like to the situation and the other shootings.


And while the shootings have mostly ended, a lot of people fear USPS hasn't really changed. So let's investigate starting with Patrick Cheryl, huh? Yeah, let's go. Patrick. Cheryl was born in Watonga, Oklahoma on November 13th, 1941. Now there are definitely some major red flags littered all throughout Patrick's childhood. For starters, he was known to steal bike parts off of like other kids' bikes and he tried to breed female neighborhood dogs with his dogs or his dog, I should say. Yeah, I don't know what that was about. But he got bad grades in school and he was considered a loner.


The only thing he seemed to excel in was sports. He even lettered in football, but he of course preferred solo sports like track and field rather than, you know, team sports where he had to like interact with people. When he was a teenager, his father sadly died of a stroke. Now, Patrick once confided in someone that his father was mentally ill, and for that reason Patrick said he never planned to marry because he was afraid of passing on those bad genes. He graduated high school in 1959 and went on to Oklahoma University on a wrestling scholarship, but he ended up dropping out after only one year.


He worked a couple of random low paying jobs on and off before entering the Marines. In 1964, Patrick was a weapons expert in the Marine Corps from January 15th, 1964 to December 30th, 1966. At bootcamp, he qualified as an expert shot with an M 14 rifle and a pistol, which is the highest possible rating. After leaving the Marine Corps in 1966, Patrick struggled to incorporate back in the general population, especially when it came to landing a job. So he re-enrolled in college, but this time at Edmonds Central State University in 1967, unfortunately he got D's and F's and he dropped out again and he was like, oh shit.


So he ended up living with his mom in Oklahoma City until she died in 1978. It was reported that Patrick had a temper and people even observed him yelling at his mom. Patrick stayed at the house, but you know, he didn't like taking care of it. It was a hot mess. He cluttered the space with electronics, gadgets, wires, tubes. I don't know, he got like really into his ham radio. He even befriended another ham radio enthusiast who was a member of the Oklahoma Air National Guard, which Patrick then joined in 1976. During that time, a female recruit said on numerous occasions that Patrick made her feel very uncomfortable.


And then on top of that, Patrick's neighbors also said like they made them feel very uneasy. He was a little weird. He was known to appear into his neighbor's windows at night, even going as far as to using a telescope. Yeah, I think that's called a peeping. Tom coworkers also complained. Patrick was arrogant and rude and female coworkers reported that he constantly stared at them, them and would, he would like sexually harass them for a time he tried earning a living, working at a radio store, but he quit after eight months because his coworkers pissed him off. Look one, there's like one day where one of his coworkers told a customer like, oh, that guy over there is gonna will help you out.


And he was referring to Patrick. And then Patrick was like, I have a name. It's Patrick Sherrill, you know, he got like really upset about it and then Patrick stormed out. So after that, you know, he went on to apply to work at USPS. He got the job but was required to pass a 90 day probation period. And it was kind of, I, I dunno, because like, okay, listen, he did this and then on day 89 he resigned. Make that make sense? I don't know. That was weird. I mean, I guess you could say it was a power move, but is it? It's just kind of stupid.


Recently I decided to stop relying on my favorite beauty products and I'm just needing to mix it up a little. And if you're like me and you have sensitive skin, you know the risk that comes with mixing things up, breakouts, you know, come on. You know, usually it'll, it'll clear up on its own, but most of the time if I need to help get my skin back to normal, I'm always thankful that I have Apostrophe on my side. Oh yeah, Apostrophe the sponsor of today's episode. Now, If you don't know, Apostrophe is an online platform that connects you with an expert dermatology team to get customized acne and dermatology treatment for you and your unique skin. So whether you're dealing with breakouts, signs of aging, acne, scarring, dark spots, rose shell, you name it, Apostrophe has got you covered. Now their whole mission at Apostrophe is to help you feel confident and love the skin you're in. And they make it so easy because through aphy you can get access to oral and topical medications that use clinically proven ingredients to help clear like acne, let's say. Now all you have to do is fill out an online consultation about your skin goals and your medical history. Then snap a few pictures and a dermatology provider will create a customized treatment plan just for you. I have been using Apostrophe for years. If you're new here, high, I love Apostrophe because it's so easy to just log onto Apostrophe dot com and then I send a picture of like how my skin is looking, and then in the mail comes the treatment from the dermatologist and it's just great. It all comes to your house. You don't have to leave the house, you don't have to go pick up a prescription. It all comes to you based on whatever you need for your skin and whatever goal you have too. I can go on and on about, well, I get really bad hormonal acne and like Apostrophe has come through. Well, right now I have a special deal for you or listeners. You can get your first visit for only $5 at Apostrophe dot com slash makeup. When you use our code makeup, that's the savings of $15 and this code is only available to our listeners. So to get started, just go to Apostrophe dot com slash makeup and click get started. Then use our code makeup at signup and you'll get your first visit for only $5. Hello, don't sleep on this. A big thank you to Apostrophe for sponsoring this episode and throughout the years they've been a great partner and just I love anyhow, so let's get back to today's story, huh.


Anyhow, from there Patrick signed up for a training course at the 507th Tactical Fighting Group to become a firearms instructor. But his own instructor remarked that he wasn't sure how Patrick passed the course, considering he was non-productive in class and people didn't wanna associate with him. By October of 1984, Patrick became a combat instructor for the 137th Squadron and was invited to join a marksmanship team. Then in April of 1985, Patrick was rehired by the Edmund Post Office as a letter carrier. This rehiring came with a few of its own red flags. Initially, the post office didn't wanna rehire him, but because of his seeming veteran status, side note, he lied.


On his application that he served in Vietnam, the post office was forced to hire him by Oklahoma City. His time at the post office was of course rocky. He received poor feedback, but because he was considered a career employee, he couldn't be fired without cause. Even so, Patrick started to worry that he would lose his job in October of that year. He was suspended for seven days because he left a set of mail unattended overnight, which resulted in a 24 hour delay of 500 pieces of mail. You can't be doing that. So he got in trouble. He ended up getting suspended again in April for being rude to a resident at a building.


He continued to commit infractions, including not delivering mail, changing his route, and even spraying a dog with dog spray. He would also openly complain to customers about how he was being treated at the post office. He was suspicious that the post office was keeping close track of him so they could get rid of him. They started to get like paranoid. On April 5th of that year, he checked out a Colt 45 caliber pistol from the National Guard. Then in August he checked out a Remington 45 semi-automatic, and the following weekend he picked up 200 rounds of ammunition.


This is just all red flags, huh? In mid-August he was reprimanded after which he told a coworker regarding management, they'd be sorry and everyone else would know. On August 20th, 1986, around 6:00 AM Patrick arrived at the Edmond Post Office. A coworker named Mike Bigler followed him into the building, not realizing Patrick was carrying two pistols in his carrier bag. There were two supervisors, 73 postal employees, 21 rural carriers, 30 city carriers, 19 clerks, and at least one maintenance person on duty that morning.


Side note, rural. Rural, I know rural carriers. I know that word, huh? Rural. Rural, not the point. Bailey, I know at 6:50 AM Patrick walked into the supervisor's office looking for his supervisor, John Schiffer's, or supervisor Bill Bland. It was kind of weird because like the office had glass windows so he could have just used his eyes and seen that the office was empty, you know? But okay. Anyway, it turned out that John wasn't scheduled to work until later that day, and Bill had overslept that day for the first time in his career. Now, lucky, lucky them.


I love January because it's a fresh start. Even If you don't believe in like New Year's resolutions, you can still choose a motto for the year. Why not this year? Mine is everything is possible. I'm getting organized, I'm making goals, and most importantly, I'm getting my fricking budget together, huh? Yeah, and thanks to Rocket Money, I feel like I can actually achieve these goals. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills So you can grow your savings. They show me all of my subscriptions, like write in one place so you know, they can help me easily cancel ones that I, I forgot I was paying for, which is a lot of them. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Rocket Money also pulls together all of my spending across my different accounts, so I can clearly track my spending habits and see like, okay girl, it's time to cut back on the Taco Bell. You know, with Rocket Money's dashboard, you can get a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts and you can easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. That way you can see exactly where you're spending your money, cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/make today. That's rocket money.com/makeup.


Rocket money.com/makeup. Patrick proceeded to lock the east and south doors. Then he walked up to the postal carriers, Rick Esser and Mike Rockney and fatally shot them both in the chest. Some of the other employees heard the gunshots but assumed the sounds were something else. Popping firecrackers, balloons, dropping mail trays, you know, they just like didn't really think much about it. But then one coworker saw Patrick with his gun and screamed for everyone to get the fuck out. Some of the employees ran to the east door and Patrick proceeded to shoot out them.


Senior carrier Jerry Pile made it out of the building, but Patrick followed him outta the building and then fatally shot him. Patrick returned to the building and headed to the PO boxes where he shot Patty, husband, Betty, Jared and Thomas Shader, who had all been trying to hide behind the first PO Box Bay. Patrick then walked by PO Box Bay two where Patty Smith was hiding. Then he walked over to Bay three where he shot another woman named Patty. Patty Chambers and Judy Denny and Patricia Gabbard, Patty Welch and Jonah Gregor.


Okay, look side note, but there is a lot of women named Patty in this story and who work at the post office. So I'm gonna say Patty a lot, okay, because there was another woman, her name is Patty Gibson. She had escaped after Patrick shot a man named Jean Bray in front of her and then a group of employees. They hid in a broom closet. Various carriers escaped and tried to get help. One person called across to a man sitting on his porch at a nearby house and told the man to call the police and an ambulance. It's believed that person was the one to alert the police. Patrick also shot at a man named Bill, but Bill fought back and managed to push Patrick into a male container as Patrick was like trying to reload.


Patrick didn't stop though. He kept shooting. He shot another carrier, Mike BillGO in the back, and I guess Mike fell to the ground. He didn't die, but he instead like played dead. Someone even asked him if he was hurt while he was down on the ground, but Mike just continued to play dead, I guess according to him silently repeating Bible scriptures to himself and then once he could no longer hear Patrick's footsteps, he made a run for it and like managed to get outside one of Patrick's victims. His name was Bill Miller. He was a hero in this situation. He told his fellow carriers to run for the East exit.


As he distracted Patrick Bill tried to wrestle the gun away from Patrick, which gave like everyone else a little bit more time to escape, and in the end, Patrick ultimately fatally shot him. But because of him, so many of the people there like were able to get away. In the end, Patrick ended up killing 14 people and injured six. And then at 7:18 AM when Patrick couldn't find any more people to shoot, he turned off all the lights, sat at his supervisor's desk and shot himself. After the shooting police, the Edmund SWAT team, medical personnel, and in Oklahoma City postal inspector arrived on the scene.


The police initially assumed they were dealing with like a hostage situation because they had only heard one shot, but once they entered the building and saw all the bodies, they realized this was something else. So Patrick's own body was quickly identified and then when they're inside, you know, they're finding victims that are still alive. Like they had been lying in the post office for like 90 minutes before anyone was able to get to them. Patrick Cheryl's body was cremated and 20 people attended his funeral. Mostly I guess just relatives, but anonymous flowers were sent with a note that read quote from those who understand what he went through as a carrier.


No one will ever know how far he was pushed to do what he did. Attributed to the letter carriers of Irving, Texas is USPS. Is that like, is this a really dark job that we just like have no idea about? Meanwhile, a memorial service was held on August 24th for Patrick's 14 victims at the local football stadium, and like over 5,000 people attended. So that concludes the Patrick Cheryl story, but Heartbreakingly nine other shootings occurred at the hands of postal workers between the Edmund shooting and 2006. With these stories, we see a lot of similarities with them, like they're overstressed workers.


There's a bunch of warning signs and like red flags and all of it just like goes ignored. I've been doing some research on some wild episodes we have coming up on murder Mystery makeup this year. You guys aren't going to love them, but while I've been down the rabbit hole, I read something crazy. You know that website Murderpedia? Well, it's essentially an encyclopedia, but for murderers and I learned that 4% of their entries are related to life insurance. So that's over 600 murders per year related to life insurance.


Even though it's important, life insurance is one of those things like no one wants to talk about. And then when you do need it, you don't even know where to start and like how to find the best policy. Well, that's where select quote comes in. Select quote is one of America's leading insurance brokers. With nearly 40 years of experience helping over 2 million customers find over $700 billion in coverage since 1985. Other life insurance brokers offer impersonal one size fits all policies that may cost you more and cover you less. While select quote can help you find the right policy for you. Just make sure when you get life insurance, you don't tell anyone about it. That's all I have to say about that. Get the right life insurance for you for less@selectquote.com slash makeup. Go to select quote.com/makeup today to get started. That's select quote.com/makeup.


Will talk to me ABC tonight, they took His daughter, she's coming home alive. Will Trent, the series critics are calling powerful must see. TV V continues to thrill. Shouldn't we strategize before we go in there? If we screw up this case, a cop Dealer walks free with the riveting conclusion to a two part season Premier GBI. I'll dread on you tonight on A, B, C and stream on Hulu. So like I said, there was a lot of USP S like shootings. There's a lot. There's so many. I have another one for you. The next shooting occurred on November 14th, 1991.


The shooter, Thomas Mc Ivan was ex-military and was described as having an extreme temper. He was even discharged from the military. I guess he had like multiple behavioral infractions in including crushing a car with an M 60 tank. Yeah, but when Thomas was hired at the post office, he immediately started piling up infractions, including routinely telling his coworkers and supervisors to quote, fuck off. He would also call his female supervisor a quote fucking whore and quote fucking cunt. Oh, so he doesn't seem very nice. Okay.


He then purchased a number of guns including a saw off rifle that he ended up keeping near his bed. Now the post office seemed to be onto Thomas to some extent. In fact, they started monitoring him intensely and even suspended him for 14 days. Now things continued to escalate until he was fired, but then the union saved his job and he was simply given another suspension. But don't worry, a short while later he called his supervisor a whore and then was terminated for good, except then his case was sent into arbitration. After his firing, Thomas made numerous threats against his former supervisors saying things like, you better not turn your head because you'll be dead.


Like I'm gonna get you. I feel like that's enough, like after that point, like just lock 'em up. So like the police get involved and they tried to warn postal employees. I guess at one point Thomas even turned himself into the police, but he was eventually released. Thomas' threats continued, and when they were reported to USPS, their response was simply that they were aware of the situation. So Thomas later went back to the police department saying that he was receiving threatening phone calls from an unknown man saying not to do it and that they were going to get him. The police informed the post office about like Thomas, they're like, look, red flag on this guy put a warning out to all officers, you know, and yes, this guy is concerning.


And then after that, Thomas's right to conceal, Carrie was revoked. Thomas warned that if he lost his arbitration case, he'd make Edmond look like Disneyland. That's what he said. Sure enough, he ended up losing his case, at which point several attempts were made to the post inspector to secure protection for the post office, but the inspector said they lack or they lacked the manpower. On November 14th at 8:45 AM right after Thomas found out he lost his arbitration case, he entered the Royal Oak Post Office, killed four people, then shot himself after the shooting.


USPS all of a sudden found the manpower to guard the post office. It's like it was too late. Postmaster General, his name is Anthony. Frank said that he would review background checks of all 750,000 postal employees and set up a hotline where workers could report threats, but complaints from workers about the toxic environment at the post office continued. One worker was quoted as saying they rode you all the time. You couldn't even use the bathroom unless it was your break. He also mentioned an incident where an employee was written up for just disrupting the mail room simply because he looked at a large pile of mail and began whistling.


It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess that was disrupting the mail room. After the Royal Oak shooting, the US House of Representatives launched an investigation which resulted in an extensive report on USPS that concluded USPS had an autocratic authoritarian management style. The report also said there were ample signs that Thomas was a threat. The postal inspection service acknowledged there had been warnings, but shifted the blame saying there were not adequate local or federal laws in this area. So listen though, that was only like two little stories about post office shootings.


There are so many I can make this a 10 part series of people, literally postal workers going into the office and shooting everyone like it's insanity. Okay? And it had me thinking like, could there really be something about the post office as a work environment that like sends people off the deep end, right? And you know that phrase like someone is Going Postal, it's because of these psychotic stories. There are some things that are like common throughout these Going Postal stories. One, usually they're ex-military. Two, there really aren't any background checks when they're hired three, A lot of the times they mention the work environment at USPS, but like, I don't know, I, I mean, I'm not saying like think they're wrong.


We just don't get any, any insight on how it works. Do you know how it works? Because I don't, I never actually thought about it, but there's obviously something off here. I don't know. Well, listen, something's going on. We need to check in with the USPS workers and ask if they're okay, right? We need to check in. Are they okay? What can we help and prevent this from happening? I don't know. It's just wild. Let me know if you would like to hear more of these Going Postal stories. I've got many, many more, unfortunately. And like sure, postal shootings may have like died down, but I'm sure you're aware shootings in general are still a thing.


Let me know your thoughts. Or maybe If you work in the USPS industry, maybe you can give some insight as to why do you think they just lose it one day? What? What is going on? Let me know. I am, I'm need to know. I, I don't know. Well, I hope you have a good rest of your day. I know it's hard sometimes because these stories are so dark and then it's like, well, all right, well have a good day. Like I feel so stupid sometimes. But I do hope you have a good day. You make good choices, and next time you see your postal worker smile, tell them you appreciate them. Huh? Let's be kind. Well, I hope you have a good day. You make good choices and I'll be seeing you later.


Goodbye.