
State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment


Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug In a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 Ionic five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SC long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today was Monday, which means it's murder Mystery and Makeup Monday. If, you are new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sian and on Mondays I like to sit down and talk about a true crime story that's been heavy on my noggin and I do my Makeup at the same time except you're listening to the podcast. So I am not doing my Makeup, you are listening. You should feel special because this is a podcast exclusive. I've actually been sitting on this story for a while and I dunno why I think because I'm not sure, but it's called the Fall River Cult and it's pretty graphic, just a little disclaimer.


They're all pretty graphic, but I think in this one it's really intense. Let's get into today's story. The Fall River Cult y Our story starts off with Robin Murphy. It was said that Robin Murphy at only 17 years old had a hold on people other than her, like she knew how to manipulate everyone around her. Even the police, even though she was involved in three murders, she was able to negotiate her sentencing. Robin had met Andre or Andy who was a pimp in Fall River when she was only 11 years old and this man Andy, he was in his thirties so she was completely taken advantage of and became a sex worker for him.


I guess Robin was hitchhiking and Andy pulled over to pick her up and from there everything just went downhill. He gave her pills and began performing sexual acts on her in his trunk. I guess he carried a dildo and like all of his pills for whenever the mood striked or he picked up like another girl. I'm like, this is what we know of the beginning of Robin Murphy and the pimp slash Satanic cult leaders of Fall River. So Robin and Andy were close. Well 'cause he controlled everything that you know she did. And when Robin turned 13, she began dating older guys and Andy would track her down with these other men and like pull up to her car and beat on the car like intimidating her.


And he told her that he would call the cops on the men because she was a minor. So she would reluctantly go with Andy. Once she would get out of the car, he would then quote like beat the shit out of her. The next four years of Robin's life are murky and she was known as like a notorious liar in court. So Robin worked as a sex worker in the territory called Bedford Street. But this territory, I'm quote unquote territory was like run by the pimps Carl Drew and then that, that Andy guy that found Robin. So the pimps and prostitutes as well as other drug addicts on and around Bedford Street participated in the Satanic cult, led primarily by Carl Drew and Andy Malt.


February, 1979, Karen Marsden entered the picture working as a sex worker for Carl Drew. That summer Karen and Robin had met through Drew and both of them began a relationship at that point along with other pimps and prostitutes and they also attended Drew's Satanic ritual meetings. The police seemed to be very aware of this quote unquote Satanic cult, but like you know, they just thought like whatever they're just doing their little old thing, like there was nothing coming of it, do you know what I'm saying? Plus it was said that there were undercover cops who attended the seances under the high school bleachers and in apartments.


So I don't know what the fuck is going on in this town, but there's something going on in this fucking town. There was a young girl named Doreen Lavesque who was only 17 when she ran away from a foster home and became a sex worker for Carl. Drew, remember the pimp slash satanic quote leader and Doreen had attended the Satanic ritual meetings, which were hosted by Drew like the rest of the, the sex workers did. Robin, who was 16 at the time, claimed that in the particularly Deic ritual, Karen, Doreen, some other guy named Willie and Drew were the only ones in attendance fall rivers in Massachusetts.


And on October 12th, 1979, Carl Drew had a very big role in the satanic cold rituals. He was very dedicated to satanism and he had a tattoo of the devil's head with the inscription. Satan's Avengers. He would always get really into the rituals and chant in a low scratchy voice in order to conjure Satan's presence. At the meeting under like the high school bleachers on October 12th, drew had performed a satanic ritual sacrifice. When I say Drew, I mean Carl drew. This is like the big leader guy, okay, I'm flip-flopping between his first name and his last name and I apologize.


October 12th, he's performing a ritual, okay, some kind of ritual sacrifice. So he takes Doreen, who's 17, remember he, he bound her wrist with fishing wire and then he stabbed her multiple times and then stoned her. Oh yeah, stoned her. Like what the fuck? She wasn't sexually tortured At some point during that night as well, according to the medical examiner, the binds on her wrist had a ritual element to them and I guess this ritual's purpose was supposed to offer Karen Marsden's soul to Satan. Great. Immediately after Doreen was murdered, drew and Robin knelt by her body and began chanting.


Drew cut an X in her chest and smeared the blood on Robin's forehead and said, now you're one of us. Oh God, get some real fucking hobbies, huh?


There are some things in life that are totally fine to take a a risk with, you know, like trying a new type of milk or taking a gamble on like a cheap impulse buy or even rolling the dice on a new workout class. But you know what? You shouldn't take risks with finding the right doctor. That's where Zocdoc comes in with Zocdoc. Finding the right doctor is easy and stress free. Oh yes, it's a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in network doctors. You can choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. I mean we're talking about in-network appointments with more than 100,000 healthcare providers across every specialty from like mental health to dental health, eyecare, skincare, back care, you know, there's a lot, okay, there's a lot you can look for. Doctors who take your insurance are located nearby who are a good fit for any medical need you may have and who are highly rated by verified patients. You can also see their actual appointment openings. Choose a time that works for you and click to instantly book a visit. Plus Zocdoc appointments happen fast. I mean typically within just like 24 to 72 hours of booking you can even score same day appointments. It's like what? Yeah, it's a lifesaver for finding the right healthcare provider without the hassle. I love Zocdoc. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zocdoc.com/ Makeup to find and instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's Zocdoc Z-O-C-D-O c.com/ Makeup zocdoc.com/ Makeup.


After the sacrifice, Karen tried to, I guess sever ties with Drew and the Satanic cult and I guess when she was doing so, I guess it freaked her out, but they would argue pretty often and then Drew began to like threaten her life like you can't f and leave. It's unclear why Doreen was chosen for the sacrifice, but the court had believed it was because Doreen wanted to leave the cult like she had already been a part of it and I guess she had wanted out and then that's why they decided to sacrifice her. But that's just what they believed. No one really knows. Not even a month later on November 7th, 1979, Robin and Andy, they were at a bar until midnight.


Andy had been seeing 22-year-old Barbara Osa and they had been seeing each other for quite some time. He believed that he was the father to her infant son even though that was never confirmed. But he played daddy. I guess Barbara had decided to leave the life of sex work and and her relationship with Andy On this night. Barbara was getting ready to go on a date with a man named David Cowen. They planned to go to a diner and a movie after dropping her son off with the babysitter and at some point that night, Barbara was in desperate need of money and she told David that she didn't wanna go work the street, but Barbara had David drop her off on Bedford Street and told him that she would meet up with him at a saloon later that night.


Yeah, I guess she was going to do some sex work on their date, but I think, I'm not laughing at that. It's just like, so it's so it's, yeah. Okay, alright. That's what happened. So at this time Andy and Robin left the bar and like headed out to find Barbara and I guess on the way over Andy said that he planned on killing Barbara for dating another man, especially this guy David. So they, they, they're looking for Barbara, they find her and they pick her up. They're like into the car and I guess they offer Barbara a joint for reasons unknown. Robin and Barbara start arguing and start fighting in the car.


Maybe Barbara knew what was about to happen because it was said that they had gone to an altar, quote unquote altar in the woods where they had previously like sacrificed animals. Andy stopped the car in the woods and pulled Barbara out to get her away from Robin. Andy got two paper bags out of the trunk and then took Barbara into the woods. Robin I guess, stayed in the car and listened to the radio and then watched them have sex in the woods. Yeah, what the fuck is going on? I don't know. I don't fucking know. Suddenly Robin heard Barbara screaming and she said Andy was like sitting on top of her.


Barbara holding a rock with both hands above his head. Robin said that she just like turned away and decided to just keep on listening to the radio. Andy finally returned, he put his two paper bags in the trunk and told Robin he wanted Barbara to quote crawl away. Andy then took Robin home, he's like, bye, have a good night. David waited in the saloon until 1:00 AM Barbara never showed. He then went searching for her and checked all of her like street spots. She was nowhere to be found and the next morning Barbara's father ended up reporting her missing. I guess when Barbara was reported missing, Andy was like, oh I can help like telling police like I can help you guys.


I'll go searching for her. Like what the fuck? I believe this was all part of his strategy and like filling his ego, making him think he was smarter than police but he was like, I'm gonna help. Where is she?


I want to share a podcast with you called Horoscope Weekly. Oh yes. It's hosted by the brilliant author and astrologer Elisa Kelly. Now Horoscope Weekly takes you on an insightful and personalized cosmic journey. Every week Elisa interprets the latest astrological events, bringing you cosmic insights for the week ahead, along with detailed guidance on what you should expect this week, like based on your, you know, unique Zodiac sign. Plus, there's tailored advice across love, career, health and more. Whether you're an astrology enthusiast or a curious newcomer, let Horoscope Weekly with EISA be your guide through the Stars New episodes. release every Monday wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for Horoscope Weekly with Aliza Kelly.


On November 12th, 1979, Andy went to the Fall River Police station and asked an officer if she had any information on Barbara. He then asked two more times on November 26th and the first week of December he's like, are there any updates? What's going on? I just wanna help. He then told the officer the quote unquote rumors he had been hearing on the street about Barbara's whereabouts. Around the same time Andy showed up at the home of a former classmate who was a current state trooper and told them that he knew two women who had information on the murder of Doreen, the first murder.


Andy then drove to the state police bar ex to speak with someone investigating the murder and I guess he like set up a meeting with the Corporal Robin, Karen and himself. It's believed like he wanted to establish trust with the officers so that they didn't suspect him for the murder or the second murder. After the meeting, Andy pretty often called the corporal trying to get more information about Doreen and like where the case was at. In December, 1979, Karen Marston went into hiding to get away from Drew. She moved in with Robin and a woman named Carol Fletcher, who's 24.


While in hiding, Karen began meeting with an officer investigating the death of Doreen. At the same time, drew was searching for Karen and asking questions as to where she was and like everyone was on edge because it wasn't much of a secret that Karen was communicating with officers. On January 26th, 1980, almost three months after Barbara was murdered, her body was found in the woods near a plant in Fall River. Her hands were bound and her skull was crushed. The next day, January 27th at 5:15 AM officers showed up at Andy's apartment and informed him that a body had been discovered and asked him to head to the police station.


Andy had asked directly, is it regarding Barbara and police told him yes and Andy followed them in his own car to the station. When he was in an interrogation, he informed the detective that he had called the state police higher ups and that they would be there soon to take over the investigation. Like he thought he was a big shot and had like control or something, I don't know. He was like, oh, the state police will be like handling this. Like you don't need to be questioning me. He underwent another interview on January 29th where he told police quote, I go to bed at night and sat down all the time and tried to put myself in the picture with her and in her place so that he could try and come up with information about Barbara's disappearance.


And at the end of the interview he requested saying quote, if I could go there to the side of the murder sometimes with one of you guys sometime, you know, just to look around to get an idea, maybe it would help out. I guess he was trying to state that he had some kind of like psychic that's so Raven ability where like If you went to the area, maybe he could figure out what happened to Barbara and like help them out. 'cause he's special. On February 4th, 1980, drew told Karen's roommate Carol that in the right time in the right place he was going to kill Karen. I don't know, I guess she was like talking to police or something.


The other day I was looking at my subscriptions and I was honestly on the fence about like one of my streaming apps. I was trying to decide whether or not I should cancel it. Oh, should I? Should I not? I mean, I only like watch one show on this app, do I really need it? Do you Bailey? But you know, I just like couldn't decide. And then I got a notification from Rocket Money saying the subscription price had increased. Ugh. So you know, technically kind of Rocket Money made the decision for me it's time to cancel My Rocket. Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions. They monitor your spending and they help lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Now most people think that they spend about like $62 per month on subscriptions, but get this, the real number is closer to $300 a month. Thankfully I started using Rocket Money and they found a bunch of subscriptions I had forgotten all about and they helped me cancel the ones I didn't want anymore. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's features. Now with Rocket Money, I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of my expenses. Thanks Rocket Money. So stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel, your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/ Makeup. That's rocket money.com/ Makeup rocket money.com/ Makeup.


Skin feeling rougher than sandpaper. Don't let it ruin your day. Try new dial exfoliating body wash with a touch of creamy cocoa butter, orange extract and vitamin E reveals soft and glowing skin after just one shower. Dermatologists tested in pH balance for a deep yet gentle, clean dial up your day.


Trust is rarely just given. It has to be earned and no small SUV has earned more trust than the Subaru Forester Subaru is proud to announce that Consumer Reports has named the all new Forester a top pick an honor given to only 10 vehicles in the country. Learn more about the all new Forester at subaru.com/forester and see why love begins with trust. Consumer reports does not endorse products or services.


So February 5th, 1980, Andy met with the corporal again to inform him about a dream that he had. He said that two angels showed him the murder of Barbara, and as he floated in the air at the treetop level, he saw a man carry a woman and drop her on the ground. He said that the woman was Barbara. Oh God, Barbara. Yeah. He said the man walked away, got an object, returned and stood behind Barbara's head and lifted a rock up and struck her repeatedly in the face.


The man was screaming at her and cursing in bad English. Barbara was screaming, Andy, help me, Andy forgive me. And the man said, Andy isn't going to help you anymore. This is according to his dream. Andy said the motive for murder was a love affair. He said the killer liked Barbara, but she had double crossed him. He said that Barbara overdosed on drugs or else she wouldn't have gone to the woods with the man. Wow. Some wild dream he had, huh? So the DA asked Andy to to circle on a map where he was quote, floating in the air and where perhaps the murder had happened in his dream.


The officers then escorted Andy to the murder site and on the way there they heard him say quote, I think they've got me now. And when they get there, they heard him also say, I know they've got me now. When they had walked to the site, Andy told the officers he was getting vibes and visions. He then took them to the murder site in his dreams. He then reenacted the murder for the officers and told them that Barbara knew who her murderer was like very well and that they had planned on having sex and was surprised when he murdered her. He's just saying way too fucking much, but like good thing he is, but hey, what the fuck is he doing?


Andy then described the rock murder weapon and walked over to a pile of broken concrete and said, I sensed a murder weapon in that pile. Yeah, I don't know what his plan was, but okay. Nearly two weeks after Barbara's body was found and two days after Andy's dream and murder reenactment, Andy was arrested and charged with Barbara's murder. On February 7th, 1984 days after Drew confided in Carol about his plans to kill 20-year-old Karen. And the day after Andy was arrested and charged with Barbara's murder. On February 8th, Karen, Carol, and Robin were in Carol's car and like, I guess they were on Karen's quote, working street or her old working street 'cause she no longer was trying to sex work.


Drew and Carl Davis, Carl Davis is a new player in the story, not confirmed, but I think he was also kind of like a leader in whatever cult they thought they were running. Drew and Carl Davis then entered the car and Davis told Carl to drive the five of them to Family Beach in Westport. Once they arrived in the woods, drew ordered 17-year-old Robin to drag Karen out of the car and she did so by taking her by the hair and throat and dragging her into the woods. Then Robin and Drew began beating her with rocks. Then Drew handed her a knife and told her to slit Karen's throat.


So she did, he snapped her neck, he took her pants off, and then he began raping her dead body. The fuck I know. Oh my God. And then it gets If. you think it couldn't get worse. It gets worse. Drew then tore her head from her body and then kicked it into the woods. I'm not, I'm not lying. He then marked quote unquote marked Karen's body like he dipped his thumb in her blood and like made a cross on Robin's forehead. Ugh. Then they all went home like nothing happened. Yeah, it was so that Robin went home and she and Carol quote, ate some chicken, drank a beer, and smoked a joint.


Could you imagine what in the fuck people like that? What the no months go by? When? Then out of nowhere Drew admits to one of his prostitutes that he had quote killed a girl and I guess went on to describe it in detail. He told the woman that he did it because she wanted to leave the cult and that he wanted her to feel pain. Geez. On April 13th, 1980, police recovered a portion of Karen's skull, jewelry, clothing, bloodstained rocks, and a clump of her hair. The Barbara Raposa and Karen Marston murders seemed to be tried sort of together in court, and Robin Murphy was like the key witness.


She had continually admitted to being involved and then she would backtrack and say she wasn't like, she had been very inconsistent and had lied a lot in court, and again was known as like a notorious liar. So it was hard to take anything she was saying truthfully. Carl Drew was arrested and denied his involvement in the murder murders and said that he would never plead guilty to any of the murders, either of them, but he was given a life sentence without the possibility of parole in court. Robin said quote, I'd never have killed Karen if I hadn't been possessed.


I love her. End quote. And in January of 1981, Robin plead guilty to second degree murder. I guess Robin, she, she's been locked up and she has applied for parole three times before it was granted in 2004. She then began a relationship with a known felon and when she was pulled over for speeding, the felon was in her passenger seat with heroin. So, whoops. You know, Robin never told her parole officer and was then I guess sent back into custody in 2011 for violating her parole and she, she has again been denied parole in 2017, but I guess she can apply every couple of years, but it's not looking good for her.


Remember the guy, Andy, I mentioned earlier? Yeah. He was found guilty and was convicted of first degree murder on January 30th, 1981, and he was sentenced to life in prison and he has since died while in custody. The Doreen Lavesque case was never solved and Robin recanted her testimony. So she no longer has immunity for that crime. Now I think I remember why I never did this story because there are so many missing parts and things that don't have a lot of background or clarification. I think what we do know is that these people were sick, right? And they believed they were in this cute little satanic cult and were killing people for no reason.


When the reality was Carl and who was it, Andy, were just straight up like pimping out young girls and saying that they were running a cult and pretty much saying that the devil was involved pretty to like keep these girls scared and working for them, period. Like that's what it was. And then they killed these women who wanted out because sadly like police don't really go looking for sex workers and it's like they, I feel, I feel like they kind of knew that and they were so sloppy about it. I don't know. This story is just so gross. Luckily they had gotten caught and I hope they have lived miserable, awful lives in prison.


Great. It's kind of tricky because like with Robin specifically, like she was picked up at such such a young age, like she too was a victim, but she does need to pay the price for participating in murder. You know what I'm saying? Like two things can be right at the same time she's a victim, but she also participated in murder. So Girl, you can't do that. You can't, you can't do that. Okay? Just some life advice you can do that. I'm sorry if this was a little, what's the word? Missing some pieces, but what we do know is that it was fucked up. Alright? But other than that, I, hope you have a good rest of your day. Make good choices, please and be safe out there, okay?


And don't believe these satanic cults, they're just a trap away for these men to be in charge and take advantage of young, vulnerable, usually women and men. So yeah, get out of the cult. Okay? Okay, I, hope you have a good day. Make good choices and I'll be talking to you next week. Goodbye.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot, we charge you a little. So naturally when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint mobile.com/switch, $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of details.