
Prescription products require completion of an online medication consultation with an independent healthcare provider through the Life MD platform and are only available if prescribed subscription required. Individual results may vary. Additional restrictions apply@lifemd.com. Read all warnings before using GLP ones. Side effects may include a risk of thyroid C cell tumors. Do not use GLP ones if you or your family have a history of thyroid cancer. If you've struggled for years to lose weight and have given up hope, did you know you can now access GLP one prescription Medications through Life md. Life MD is now offering eligible patients online access to GLP one, the breakthrough prescription medication that can help you lose body fat and weight. Listen to what people are saying. You Just take your shot. It doesn't feel like you're on a diet. What I wasn't expecting it to do was to shut off the food noise. This was life altering. And if I can do it, I feel like anybody can Do it. And here's the best part, your insurance may cover 100% of the cost of your medication. So go to try life md.com to have your eligibility checked right now. Get started today@trylifemd.com. That's T-R-Y-L-I-F-E-M d.com.


Selling a little or a lot Shopify helps you do your thing. However you cha-ching. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage all the way to did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star Shopify powers, 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Roth's and Brooke Linen and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/audioboo, all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/audioboo now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in shopify.com/audioboo


Hi. friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today's Monday, which means it's murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday if you're new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I like to sit down and talk about true crime story that's been heavy on my noggin and I do my Makeup at the same time, just kinda like gives me something to do so I'm not being weird just staring at the camera. It's really nothing more than that. Keeping my hands busy. If you're ended true crime and you like Makeup, I would say subscribe because I'm here for you on Mondays. I don't even know where to start with today's story because I have been following this one since the beginning and I watched the trial and everything and I was just watching in complete confusion, disbelief, and wonder because what I was like, is this real?


Is this like a skit? It wasn't a skit, it was real life and I needed to talk about it. So that's what today's story's about. I have no words. I have no words. Oh, I have no words because this, ah, today's story's really brutal. It's really gruesome. So just a little, just a little disclaimer. It's brutal. Okay, so today's story takes place in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Yeah, green Bay. Now Green Bay is famous for their football team, the Packers and also cheese I mean there are a lot of like little charming neighborhoods way up in the north country, but low key, you know, just kind of like a lot of other places in America, everyone is kind of heavily into drugs.


I mean not everyone, but you know, sadly there's a very serious drug underbelly up in Green Bay like many other places, right? They're fucking everywhere and it seems like, like their drug of choice seems to be meth. So that's the setting and buckle up because we're gonna ride the snake. We're gonna get down to some show business. Here we go. Okay, so it's 3:00 AM February 23rd, 2022, green bait, nine one one gets a phone call from a very confused man. Now this man's name is Steve. Now on the phone call, he seems kind of calm, a little slow since he had just woken up. So kind of like brain foggy, but he's calling 9 1 1 because his girlfriend, whose name is Tara, is absolutely losing it.


She is in the back, you can hear her on the 9 1 1 call. She's hysterical, she's screaming, she's crying, she woke him up screaming, telling him to call nine one one. So Steve's on the phone kinda like she's, she just told me to call, you know, like he doesn't fully understand what's going on yet. So the dispatcher's on the phone asking him like, what's going on, right? What's going on? Tell me what's going on. And he tells them, my girl just woke me up and she swears that she found a severed head of her son in the basement. The dispatcher asked Steve to repeat himself. I mean hello. It's not really common that ahead in a bucket in is found, you know? So the dispatcher is like, I'm sorry, come again.


What was that? And the dispatcher then asked Steve if he's gone down to the basement to confirm that there is in fact a head and a bucket. And Steve says back to the dispatcher like, I don't know what the fuck's down there. Like pardon my language, but I'm kind of a little freaked out here. Which honestly very understandable. Now the dispatcher continues to ask Steve like, maybe is your girlfriend Tara? Maybe like hallucinating, like we need confirmation here Steve. So Steve does decide to go down to the basement and check it out. But his eyesight is apparently really bad and like there isn't the best lighting down there so he can't exactly make out like what's down there or in the bucket, but he's definitely, he goes down there, he checks out and he's freaked out.


So Steve goes back to his girlfriend is like, please can you just come downstairs and like confirm because I don't know what you're seeing but Tara just refuses to go downstairs. Fair. I can't blame them if it is her son's head in a bucket. I don't think I would wanna go back there downstairs and look by myself alone either actually. Yeah, that's a terrible idea. I don't know what I would do. I've never seen a head let alone my nonexisting son's head. So then the dispatcher is like, okay, let me just, can I speak to Tara, Tara directly? Then they ask her like, do you know where the rest of your son's body is? And she answers like, I no idea. I just saw fucking head, can you get over here? So the dispatcher asked her for her son's name and then that's when Tara tells 'em it's Shadan and the dispatcher tells Tara that they're gonna send officers out to her immediately.


They were already on their way, but she does check one last time about the head, the dis, the dispatcher. And she says like, are you sure it's not a fake head? And Tara says it's real swear. So within minutes the police, they get down to Tara's house, she answers the door. Now she's really shaken up. So when police ask her to come in and like see what's going on, all Tara can do, it's really just point in the direction of the basement. Like she's not really able to say anything. Nothing leaves her mouth. I mean it's her kid for Christ's sakes. I don't really blame her. It's funny how they always want you to act normal on these 9 1 1 calls and stuff and you're like just saw a head kind of hard to act natural and normal here ma'am.


So one of the officers that shows up, his name is Officer Alex ish. He goes down and he takes a quick glance around the room and right away he can tell like it's a crime scene. No question. When he looks around the room he sees dried blood all over a bear mattress and not far from this bare mattress covered in fucking and blood was a black bucket that was on the floor and it was covered by a beach towel but nobody was going to the beach, you know what I'm saying? So Officer Oneish obviously head in the bucket. He hesitates a little bit but he lifts the towel and sees it's a head in a bucket. So then he quickly calls for backup ten four, I've got a head in a bucket over then the officer, he goes up to Tara and he's like, can I please get a picture of your son?


I just wanna be able to confirm that it is indeed his head in the bucket. So she gives him the picture and he goes downstairs and he confirms that it is indeed Shad Tara's son, shads head. He's like looking in this bucket. And then he also finds right underneath or like next to the severed head, there was also a penis in the bucket with two testicles still attached, huh? Yeah. Huh? Yeah. So the officer is looking around the room, you know it's a crime scene now. And that's where he notices that the, the blood wasn't just on the mattress.


There were also like switches of blood on the concrete floor. It looked like swirled fingerprint paint, excuse me. But it really looked like somebody kind of had like a towel and was trying to like clean up the blood, but then they gave up. They're like me. So the killer must have been like a little bit lazy. So the officer, he's searching around the room and while he's looking around he finds two different blood soaked knives and immediately he's thinking like okay these are probably the murder weapons. But they were not the only murder weapons lying around Officer ish finds a plastic bag with three more bloody knives inside the plastic bag. One of those knives was like a bread knife and then there were like other kitchen knives with it.


So it was like either one or maybe all of these knives had been the murder weapon to kill shad. you know, many more bags were found in the basement and within these bags there were various body parts and organs that once belonged to Shad inside of them. I mean It wasn't just shads head and genitals that were found. It was so much more. There was like this big blue storage container and officer ish finds Shaq's upper torso inside of it. And to make matters worse, it's like inside of his upper torso, upper torso in the container inside of the upper torso gift, within a gift.


So as in Chad's chest, there was his foot, his foot was put in the Lord be with us. Jesus. What? Yes, Chad's chest was being used as storage I guess for his other parts and below where his head was supposed to be. There were like these really stiff cuts, like someone was trying really, really hard to use one of these kitchen knives to saw off his head. But like it, it wasn't working and I don't know, but it was rough alongside in that blue container there were also just various bodily fluids. It didn't say exactly what but like it wasn't just blood.


I think that says enough.


Okay listen, I kind of locate love using chat GBT for therapy at night. Ah, it's funny 'cause sometimes I do like I'll open the app and be like, hey chat GBTI had a rough day today. Everyone was being real bitch and like I just wanna talk about it. But then the app crashes and again I am alone. So I close the app and I see that Zocdoc app is staring right back at me and I'm like, oh of course Zocdoc the sponsor of today's episode. I love Zocdoc. I've been using it for years. Okay, before they were a sponsor. So that says a lot. If you don't know, Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. So you know no more therapy sessions with chat GBT because I can easily find a new therapist in minutes. And you can also see their actual appointment openings. Choose a time that works for you and then click to instantly book a visit. On top of that you can filter for doctors who take your insurance, who are located nearby, who are like a good fit for any medical need that you may have and also who are highly rated by verified patients. Sometimes I look at the lowly rated ones just for fun. Plus Zocdoc appointments happen fast typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking and you can even score same day appointments. Oh it's so fun. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zocdoc.com/ Makeup to find and instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's Zocdoc Z-O-C-D-O c.com/ Makeup zocdoc.com/ Makeup.


So okay, this officer Officer Wu, I think it's one-ish, officer w he had pretty much walked into like a very brutal, very manic crime scene. Chad's body had been completely dismembered, certain parts were missing, certain parts seemed to be in the wrong place. So it was like what the, what the hell was going on? Right within this murder room there was a glass pipe that was found and like a gram of some kind of substance. It was noted, a light colored powdered material within like a bag next to it. And this was just sitting like on the TV stand next to the bed.


So to answer like what the hell is going on? It seemed to be the answer is meth, you know? So at this point it was confirmed Shad was murdered. And not only that, brutally murdered, brutally murdered. So the officer asked Tara, you know Chad's mom, like who was the last person to Zha? Who was the who, what? And Tara tells him it was a friend of his, like a friend with benefits you could say. And that was 25-year-old Taylor Sha business. I'm gonna pause for that last name. Sha business, the things you could do with that last name Chani.


Let's get down to Chani. She could have been Chani, come on. I couldn't, I couldn't. I was like cha huh Chani now I know what you're thinking. Great name. We all thought it. Not her birth name. Not her birth name. I could go on and on for hours about the name Chani, but I won't. She was born as Taylor Coronado in Evanston, Illinois on November 23rd, 1997. She's a sge but we're not claiming her. She's been removed. So what's up with Taylor? Let me tell you, Taylor had shitty life, let's just be honest. Shit life thus far. She was raised by her parents Marla and her dad is Arturo Coronado and she also had a younger brother named aj.


And although they weren't like a perfect family, you know, at which every family is not, they were together and they lived a somewhat decent middle class life, it would said Taylor's dad, Arturo, he had been a long time employee of a large phone company. I mean back in the dinosaur times when cell phones were like brick phones and he had been working for this company forever. So you know, like they did well, they were comfortable, stable and from the outside looked somewhat good. It was said when Taylor got into fourth grade Arturo, he got transferred to Green Bay, Wisconsin and that's when he decided to move like the whole family to this new location, right? And put down their roots there.


Her mother Marla was a severe alcoholic and like the kind of alcoholic that definitely could not make a super stable household. Marla was really sick in May of 2009 when Taylor was 11. The whole family was like watching a movie together. Everything's fine and great, but by morning, you know, everyone went to bed, whatever by morning Arturo wakes up, he turns over to greet his wife and in bed that's when he finds her nonresponsive Marla. Yeah. So he reached out to touch her and that's when he said that she was already cold. So Taylor's mom, Marla, she died of cirrhosis from alcoholism in her sleep at the age of only 41.


It's so sad. So very young look as a parent, like Arturo was like, duh, I'm just gonna try and hide what happened because the kids have to go to school. So like in the morning the kids came into their bedroom, it was Taylor and AJ and to say like good morning or something. But Arturo decided to shield them, the kids from her lifeless body and like set them off to school like everything was normal so they wouldn't see anything. And it was said like Taylor knew deep down that something was wrong but she couldn't tell what, and it wasn't until like later that day when the kids came back from school and whatnot that the Arturo had like broken the news to them that you know, their mom had died.


Marla's death obviously like took a toll on the whole family and it really hit Taylor the hardest. I mean, how could it not? It was her mom, you know, she was so young and she didn't know how to process her grief. And then on top of that, Arturo Taylor's dad, he got married pretty quickly after her mother's death. So it's like a lot of change to go through some trauma, right? That she really didn't get to process. So with all of that, as Taylor started growing up, you know she started to act out, you can say getting into trouble, having like some kind of rage attacks. It was different, it was a different girl. According to Arturo it was said that Taylor, she at school, she started to like pick fights with everybody.


She was constantly getting in trouble for her behavioral issues. And her dad, obviously he's, he was concerned but you know, she's a young girl, she lost her mom. She's just acting out, she's being a preteen slash teenager. Like he tried his best but he felt like there wasn't much he could do. He could do because she was just a teenager, which is like okay, fair. But I don't know. But when Taylor turned 12 years old, Arturo her dad, he had found her trying to end her life and I guess she had taken like a knife to her throat and when he found her it was just in time to like stop her.


And at that point that's when her dad was like, okay, she needs help, she needs real help. So he immediately got her seen by a doctor, you know, for mental health. He took her to a mental health professional in hopes that she could get some kind of real help that he didn't know how to deal with. Unclear if Taylor received actual treatment or if she just saw a doctor. But either way she was mainly treated with drugs, she was getting medication for like a DHD, she was getting mood stabilizers, anti-psychotics and even antidepressants as well. Even with all the heavy medications Taylor was on to help her manage her mental health, it wasn't getting to the root of the problem, you know?


So it still continued on up through high school. Taylor was constantly picking fights and I guess just being a menace really is how it sounded up through high school. Taylor, she just kept picking fights. She kept being awful but she did meet a nice young man and get a boyfriend named Shad. Yes, this is when she made Shad. So both of them are kind of just up to no good being misfits. And after enduring years of behavioral problems, her school just had enough and they decided it was best to expel Taylor. Now at this point, Arturo, her dad had no idea like what to do with her anymore, right? She's acting out, she's, he's trying his best.


So he thought the best thing to do with her would be to send her off to Texas to live with her grandparents. And like that's where she would end up finishing school, high school and she could just kind of get away from her green bay issues or whatever was going on back at home. And it was a really good move because Taylor, she ends up graduating high school in Texas. She gets her diploma and then after graduation she turns 18. She's feeling good and kind of proud of herself or something. I can't, I don't know how she's feeling, but it was said she's thought she was doing great and decided it'd be best to just go off of her medications.


Which is very dangerous because a lot of times these medications will make you feel better. You think you're doing better, then you stop taking the medications because you're like, I don't need them anymore because they're working and I feel great. And then they go off and that's not great. So then in 2017, Taylor's now 19, she thinks it would be best to move back to Green Bay. She's fully off her medications, she's feeling good and she's ready for her triumphant return to Green Bay. At this point it was so that Taylor had been self-medicating with like weed, typical kind of like teenage stuff and also alcohol.


But then she started to experiment a little bit with something that she called the bitch, the bitch. And you're probably wondering, well what's the bitch? Well the quote unquote the bitch is actually it's meth. The bitch is meth. Yeah, I know a jump. She went from weed and alcohol to meth. I was like wow. Usually there's an in-between, but okay, yeah. Straight to meth All, right? It was actually quote unquote the bitch who introduced Taylor to the man that she would go on to marry her drug dealer. Warren Chabo, Shabo, Chabo, Chabo Warren Dream man, he's in his twenties, he's tall, okay, he has a job.


So Taylor's like wow, all of the bases are covered. Dream man. And Taylor was smitten, she falls hard for Warren and the two quickly become like very, they're inseparable, you know, plus a two for one for her. She's like, I got my drug dealer and a lover slash husband, alright I'm doing good. So their relationship was pretty rough right from the beginning. I mean, plus on top of that they're doing meth so it's like it's not gonna be the smoothest relationship, right? Between the two of them, they were always making accusations about somebody cheating. you know? They're like, you're cheating. No you're cheating. Just messy. Allegedly. Like Warren was very controlling of Taylor right from the start and he started to isolate her from the family.


And Taylor once said that like during a meth fueled fight, she had run to like her neighbor's house to call 9 1 1 for help. But you know, despite all of this, Taylor and Warren, the two of them got married in 2019. Oh great. Just what they should do is get married. But here's the thing, instead of changing her last name to Warren's last name, which was Chabot Warren has Taylor change her last name to Cha business. I guess it was Warren's idea. And she was like, okay, let's do it. And she did show business meth, I don't know. Now meth a lot of the times is kind of the, you know, it's kind of a joke meth, right?


Some people talk about meth users as being just erratic and crazy and all that stuff, but they're some of the most erratic drug users of all time. It can make people absolutely just lose their minds and their teeth fall out, they pick at their skin. I mean it's awful from what I hear, I've not on meth, I don't plan on it, but it's actually, it's more than that. It's like hugely heartbreaking and it's almost an impossible addiction to break when a person's on meth, they can experience hallucinations, paranoia, they can exhibit symptoms of what looks like schizophrenia, I mean the list goes on. But what I'm getting at is that meth really fucks you up. Okay? And then long term meth actually changes the literal shape of your brain.


It rewires your brain's dopamine system, which is like the pleasure system so that the only thing that makes you feel good is meth and only meth. So it's like it's a demon, it truly is a bitch. It's just not something people can just stop easily on their own. you know? Like sad, hopefully you don't do meth. In July of 2020, Taylor was high on meth and she was running around a Green bay neighborhood just like knocking on people's doors. She's like, come on, she's knocking on people's doors and someone calls the cops obviously, right?


'cause this chick is just acting kind of crazy officers. They find Taylor on the streets and that's when she tells them that quote, she's on a different planet right now. End quote sick. And she ends up showing the officers her fresh track marks on her arms from her meth use. So at least they knew kind of like what they were working with I guess, I don't know. But they knew what they were working with. So they end up managing to calm Taylor down. But then another police officer shows up to the scene and she's getting all spooked and kind of like scared. So she starts screaming at the officers, she walks into oncoming traffic, she's popping off and she's just acting erratic.


Okay? So the officer, they tried to get her to come back to like the sidewalk, you know, so she's not in traffic, but this time she's getting really angry and she starts to kick them and then they place her under arrest and they also charge her with resisting arrest and battery on law enforcement because she was like kicking and screaming the officers. And because it was her first felony, she only got three years probation and a mandatory psychological evaluation. I know they're like, it's your first felony.


Investing can be overwhelming, complicated, confusing. I don't know what I'm doing most of the time. So I put it off I mean. Where does one even start? you know? Well with acorns they make it easy to start automatically saving and investing for your future. Look, you don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with acorns. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio that fits you and your money goals then automatically invest your money for you with everything that goes on in life. The last thing you're thinking about is investing or like how to save for your future. That's why I've been liking Acorns because they have easy automated investing which gives your money a chance to work towards your financial goals. With roundups expert built diversified portfolios, reoccurring investments and more, you can save with no hidden fees and you can even invest automatically from every paycheck. If you wanted to head to acorns.com/ Makeup or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future today, paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash Makeup.


No more than a month later in August of 2020. Mind you, this was like peak pandemic by the way, remember? Yeah. None of us remember 'cause it's been a a blur. But what's Ms. Taylor up to? Well she ends up getting pulled over because she's driving woo woo. you know, so she's like supposed to pull over but instead she floors it. I guess she needed to handle some business. Thank you. Thank you. I had to do one. Okay, so she ends up flooring it and I guess she ends up sending police like on a high speed chase through Green Bay. She runs a bunch of lights, almost hits a bunch of people.


She ends up pulling into her dad's apartment complex where she then like hops outta the car, tries to make a run for it like an idiot. She gets outta the car, she's running, she's trying to get to her dad's apartment for some reason. Like she thinks she's really gonna like escape the police, but they end up snatching her, arrest her. She only gets three months in jail and two more years of probation. I just feel like after this maybe you, you know, you'd spend longer in jail, not three months. But what do I know? I don't know anything. I just know our legal system is dumb as shit. I think we can all agree she's off to a pretty rocky start, right? And at this point in Taylor's life, she's like, you know what, you know what I haven't done yet.


I haven't become a mother. Yeah, I know what better time to become a mom than this? Great, this is gonna go well by the time Taylor is arrested in August of 2020, she's pregnant And according to a friend, you know, she at this time when she was pregnant she was still doing drugs. So she decides to end up moving back to her grandparents' house in Texas where she could try and live a clean life while she's pregnant. Meanwhile, Warren, her husband, I guess he had gone to jail because he got caught dealing meth. So without him around, I think that's when she decided to go back to her grandparents. I mean it makes sense, right? He's a drug dealer. So he was doing his job and he got caught for it. So he was charged with possession, with intent to distribute a felony.


So he got sent off to federal prison leaving Taylor to be a single mom and good luck girl. you know Taylor got two felonies and barely had to serve any time but he got caught and he had to serve a lot of time. So All right? you know All right? Can't figure that one out In early 2021 Taylor ends up, she's 23 at this point, she delivers her baby boy and Taylor decides to give mother her hood, her best shot. During this time she's also, you know, trying to keep her hands busy, trying to keep herself busy so she doesn't go back to using, she starts her own little small business where she's like selling like a custom beaded jewelry and she's like selling it on Facebook.


you know, she's just doing her thing. But for Taylor it was still a daily struggle for her. Like I guess Woo, shortly after her son was born, Taylor had two suicide attempts back to back. One was in April of like 20, 21 and then another in May of 2021, Taylor wasn't officially diagnosed with postpartum, but after these two suicide attempts, Arturo Taylor's father knew that Taylor just something wasn't right in her, in her mind and he was really worried about her trying to do it again. So he decides like or suggests that she should be admitted to a hospital and she goes and they give her a new set of diagnoses, P-T-S-D-A-D-H-D and bipolar disorder.


So at this time Taylor's baby goes to live with Warren's side of the family and it's probably for the best hopefully. But she knows that she fully can't take care of him right now. Now I know to most of us it's like okay this is probably Taylor's rock bottom. She lost her son, her husband is in federal prison, her mental health is in the toilet and this is probably where she'll make a comeback. But no, so she was in the hospital for a little bit and she ends up getting released or discharged and she ends up staying with her dad for a few months. And it seemed like he was really stepping up to the plate for Taylor. Like he was the one person who was like stable for her.


you know, at least she had somewhere to go and it was family. But the downside, 'cause there's always a downside, right? A few months later Arturo Taylor's dad, he was arrested. Oh girl, lemme tell you 'cause this is a fucking mess. A mess. He was arrested for rape being a 13-year-old girl, not great. So back in 2018, it was like three years prior to his arrest, he committed an extremely serious statutory rape with a then 13-year-old who was a relative of his then wife. I don't know if they're his wife. Yeah. So what the fuck is up with his family? Green Bay I guess. I don't know.


So he ended up pleading no contest and he cut a deal for a second degree sexual assault of a child charge instead of first degree va, I don't know. Anyway, he was sentenced to 12 years and sent to prison. I know Jesus, we don't know the dynamic of this family. Let's just say Taylor had no idea her dad was like, like this at all. It would suck for her to finally have some stability like her dad in his li in her life again. And then he gets arrested and then you find out your dad's arrested for statutory rape. That would probably cause another rock bottom is what I'm thinking.


So she's like, great, now my dad's gone. So now Taylor is back on her own and during this time she found out that Warren, her husband had cheated on her yet again. I guess she found out that, you know, while he was in prison she found out that some infidelity had taken place before he went. Or maybe he cheated on her while he was in prison. Not really clear. But regardless, in January of 2022, Taylor went to her Facebook. Here's the quote, I got hitched to show them my commitment, loyalty and dedication to them that I was never gonna be how I used to be. Then they turn around and fuck on me. There's no way I'll ever go into another relationship.


Hashtag can't trust no one. Yeah, you tell 'em Taylor, you tell 'em hashtag can't trust no one, not even yourself. In February of 2022, Taylor's at a at a new low and she's wanting to get back on the bitch. So she rekindles a friendship with her old high school lover, shad. Now at this time, shad too was really into meth so they had a lot in common and he could also get it for her. And in February of 2022 they got back in touch through a mutual friend, which lay led to Taylor and Shad spending most of their time together just doing drugs and having sex because that's what they did on meth.


While her husband is in jail, she's like, I need my own buddy. So on the night of February 22nd, Taylor and a friend are looking to party. So the both of them, they jump into Taylor's roommate's minivan and they go pick up Shad and he's at his house where he, he lives with his mom Tara and her boyfriend Steve. So they pick him up and they're driving and they make a pit stop to get some drugs. They pick up meth, weed and Trazodone crowd favorites I hear. And they go back to Taylor's apartment to shoot the shit, smoke some weed, do some drugs. At this point, you know, I guess I don't really know I wasn't there. But allegedly everyone was having a great time. Taylor and Shad, they want a little bit more, you know, they want, they really wanna get the party started.


So that's when they break out like the meth and they start doing the higher stuff. But the high, I guess when it gets too intense that's when they take the Trazodone to like mellow it out. So they're going up, they're going down, they're going up, they're going down, they're going down, they're going down, they're going up. They're, they're just all over the place. Well at some point their friend I guess is a little party pooper and decides to leave Chad and Taylor to themselves decides to go home, right? Chad and Taylor, they hang out at her apartment for a few more hours. They're waiting for their drugs to come down and at that point I guess they're out of meth. So they decide let's go get more. They're pretty much all day on a just a drug binge.


So they leave Taylor's place, they go pick up more meth and then this time they head back to Shads house where he lives with his mom and they go inside and they head straight down to the basement because the basement is where like is the hangout spot, right? You get a hangout spot. By the time they make it back to Shads place, it's already late. Like it's early in the morning depending on who you ask, you know. But all Taylor knows is that she is on a good one. So they're down there just doing drugs. She passes Shad the glass pipe loaded with the bitch because he wants to be on her level. They settle in for no more than five minutes. And at this point Shad pulls out and shows Taylor two silver chain link necklaces.


I know I was thinking like hot topic like necklace type of deal, but it's not, it's a dog choke collar and he's like suggesting that they use it while they're having sexual intercourse and she's like, yeah, I mean that it was her thing. It was their thing. They both liked it. So they're both into this kink being choked, you know? And they had done it before consensually, which is always important, right? Consent either and Sha are no strangers to this, you know, they were like really into the allegedly but this time Shad I guess really wanted to kick it up a notch and use the chains and like I guess Taylor was just so down for it.


She's like, what? Yeah, that's, yeah. So just a disclaimer, the following of what I'm going to say is what Taylor said during her confession. So it's very one sided, okay? And when she was giving her confession, she was high. So a lot of it is kind of wacky and whatever. So, but this is the information we have, okay? So it's not me saying these things, this was according to Taylor. So Taylor said that Shad had the chains around his neck and he laid face down on the bed. Taylor said that she gets on top of him of as if like she's gonna ride a horse and she begins to pull on the loose end of the chain.


She said as she was pulling on the chain, she, she like watched Shad and she sees his face turn from red to purple and then she notices him kind of going in and out of consciousness. Taylor would say during her high it was cool because she was like, wow, I can like change his face color. So she keeps applying pressure on the chain trying to make him go from red to purple to blue to whatever. And she tells police officers during her confession that because she was high, she wanted to make him small. Like when she choked him he got smaller, I don't know. But according to her, again because she's high, she was choking him and it was appearing that his neck was rebuilding muscle.


So because of this she was getting more and more frustrated and she was pulling harder and harder on the chain. She said at one point Shad, he like coughs up blood and she said that she could feel his heartbeat like kind of really slowed down and come to a halt. And that somehow excited her even more. So she pulls even harder at this point. She said she was in full ecstasy and she knew Shad was dead according to his face because he was purple and he had blood coming out of his mouth so she knew like something wasn't right or he was dead. But that didn't stop her.


She keeps going and the police ask her, why the hell did you keep going if you knew like you know he was dead? And she said, because of curiosity she wants


Summer is here baby. And it's time to like kick summer up a notch with the hottest deals. Summer of dash pass is back in better than ever with five weeks of deals and exclusive items that you can only get on DoorDash during this time. There are tons of offers like bogo, Chipotle deals, free Whoppers. They got like 40% off Lowe's and PetSmart I mean the list goes on. So you're gonna wanna check your app because there are a bunch of deals coming out each week. Between now and July 24th, every summer of dash pass purchase you make automatically enters you for a chance. And here's the best part, are you listening? Come close, listen in. Every summer of Dash pass purchase automatically enters you into a different contest to win a once in a lifetime super sized prize or prize is like tickets to, I don't know, one of the hottest tours in the world. They got WNBA season tickets and they even have like travel destinations that you could win. Like across the world I mean it would surely make this summer one you won't forget. So whether you're looking for food from your favorite local restaurant, groceries from across town or anything in between, enjoy all the deals on the must haves during summer of dash pass. Plus you can get the best deal and exclusive items from your favorite brands like Taco Bell, Popeye's, and Ulta Beauty. Oh yeah, sign up for Dash Pass now. If you aren't already a member and enjoy a summer full of savings, you'll be getting $0 delivery fees and lower service fees with a dash pass membership dash pass benefits apply only to eligible orders terms apply.


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Cultura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and how to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I've gotten older, I've made it a promise to myself to say I don't wanna relive that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network


Summer is here baby. And it's time to like kick summer up a notch with the hottest deals. Summer of dash pass is back and better than ever with five weeks of deals and exclusive items that you can only get on DoorDash during this time. There are tons of offers like bogo, Chipotle deals, free Whoppers. They got like 40% off Lowe's and PetSmart I mean the list goes on. So you're gonna wanna check your app because there are a bunch of deals coming out each week. Between now and July 24th, every summer of dash pass purchase you make automatically enters you for a chance. And here's the best part, are you listening? Come close. Listen in. Every summer of Dash pass purchase automatically enters you into a different contest. To win a once in a lifetime super sized prize or prize is like tickets to, I don't know, one of the hottest tours in the world. They got WNBA season tickets and they even have like travel destinations that you could win. Like across the world I mean it would surely make this summer one you won't forget. So whether you're looking for food from your favorite local restaurant, groceries from across town or anything in between, enjoy all the deals on the must haves during summer of dash pass. Plus you can get the best deal and exclusive items from your favorite brands like Taco Bell, Popeye's and Ulta Beauty. Oh yeah, sign up for Dash Pass now. If you aren't already a member and enjoy a summer full of savings, you'll be getting $0 delivery fees and lower service fees with a dash pass membership dash pass. Benefits apply only to eligible orders. Terms apply.


Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop because members get cash back at over 3,500 stores across every category, including fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining and more. Your favorite stores like Walmart, Lenovo, and wine.com pay rackets in a commission for sending them shoppers and Rakuten shares the commission with its members. And that could be you. Cash back is deposited directly into your PayPal account. Or if you prefer Rakuten can send you a check. The choice is yours. You can even maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. You're already shopping at your favorite stores. Why not save while you're doing it? Membership is free and it's easy to sign up. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cashback rates change daily. See rakuten.com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up


To see what would happen. Yeah, I don't know girl. So Taylor in her words quote accidentally fucks up end quote and realizes that she had just killed Shad. But she said that she had no remorse in her higher self. It was all about chasing displeasure feeling and she was feeling it. So after she's done choking him, she decides to quote unquote play with him. In other words, she takes her sweet time with Chad's lifeless body and his body is like turning her on. In her confession, she said that Shads lifeless body turned her on so much that she wanted to touch and kiss it and love on it all over.


Yeah, this next part kept me up a little too late at night because she ends up performing oral sex on his corpse. A visual I could have done without. She ends up putting different sex toys. She has sex toys on deck. I'm, I'm assuming I couldn't have figured this out, but I'm assuming this is probably where like Shad slept is in the, in this basement and what's her name? Taylor pulls out some sex toys and she ends up like playing with his body and the sex toys and different things to his corpse. He's, she's doing it all and I don't know what the fuck that I don't know. Yeah, I was like, what? What girl?


Yeah, she did that. She did it for hours allegedly, according to her confession, she ends up playing with his corpse for far too long until she gets really tired or her high wears off. Taylor at this point when she's playing with the corpse's body, she had been awake for over 24 hours. So after she's done playing with his body, she's like, I'm tired and decides to take a quick little nap. Yeah, I don't know. you guys like what? Huh? She did that. She got down to cha business didn't she? Wow. So she, then she takes a nap. So then when she wakes up she thinks it would be best to take Chad's body with her out of the house. But she knows like you, I can't just like carry his body out of the basement by myself and then carry him to the van.


So this is when she has a eh light bulb moment and she decides, oh my god, duh. I could just cut him up into small manageable pieces and then I can carry 'em. That's a great idea Taylor. Yeah, I know. Thanks. And this was her plan. So the first thing I guess Taylor wants to do is she wants his head, according to her it was for like her trophy. She was proud of it but also like she really liked sha, she wanted her his head. It was her favorite part. So while Chad's family is asleep, Taylor creeps upstairs, she goes to the kitchen, she grabs like a handful of knives to take with her downstairs to the basement.


So Taylor pulls Chad's body to the edge of the bed. So his head is like hanging off of the edge of the bed and she puts a bucket right underneath him and she starts experimenting with a few of the knives that she had grabbed from the kitchen. She's trying to sever Chad's head but none of them were working. So she's getting all frustrated. That is until she busts out the bread knife. Now I guess this bread knife, it made it very easy to cut through the skin and muscles. So she loved this knife. She's like, oh this is the shit. It just starts going to town. She goes at it and Taylor successfully is able to remove Chad's head.


She had this bucket under his head, right? And it was catching like all of his blood. So she takes that bucket and she pours all of his fluids down in the shower. There was like this janky shower in the basement. But she pours his blood down the shower drain and then she puts his head in the bucket. The head isn't enough though she wants to take all of him home with her. So she continues, she takes that bread knife again and she cuts off her second favorite thing. His genitals. Yeah. So she got the head, now she wants the genitals, she cuts it off and she puts his penis and testicles into the bucket and then moves on to the rest of his body.


But after this she needs another nap. So she's like, I'm gonna do the rest, I just need to, I need a nap. Hold on. So she takes another nap, I guess this nap just gives her some new energy because she wakes up and she fucking gets down. And what I mean is like, it's awful because she en, she wakes up, she has energy, I don't know, she manages to cut sha in half long ways. Yeah, not all the way in half, but like opens him up because it, she's able to get inside of his chest. Stomach and pelvic area and she takes all of his organs out and she puts them in random like plastic Walmart bags.


Yeah. And she just starts going to town. She's taking out everything, putting them into bags. I don't know. No one knows what she's doing. She's just doing it. That's when she places Shads torso into that big blue container. And then Taylor saws shads arms off at the elbows and puts it in the storage container. But no matter how many times, like she saw his, the arms off in her mind because again she's high, she tells police that they were growing back. So she's like tripping out, just like panicking and like going to town. She's tripping. Harp Taylor keeps, just keeps at it though. And she cuts off jazz left foot and puts it in the empty chest.


She said she put the foot in the chest for storage because she was gonna move it all. you know she, so she's like, yeah the chest will hold the foot. It was a new one for me. Haven't heard that. I was like All, right? I guess at this point Taylor was just exhausted. She had done a lot of right. So she slows down a little bit and she starts to dabble with more delicate work. Like she starts to filet his back and right thigh cutting off the skin. She goes, she cuts it off all the way down to the bone. And I was like, oh no, don't tell me she ate it. She didn't eat it, she didn't. No eating that we know of. She said in the, and during the interview that at some point she had a Jolly Rancher with her and that once she cut off his head and stuff and she put it all in the bucket, she took that Jolly Rancher and she spit it into the bucket.


She's like, that's all I ate was a jolly ranch in. And I spit it in the bucket. Okay girl All, right, everything seems fine here. Total normal confession happening. I mean there's a mess and blood everywhere. And the bitch was just making her paranoid. She said she started having more intense hallucinations. She's hearing footsteps, she's hearing gunshots. The room begins to make her very uncomfortable. And on top of that she's like, there was no door and it's just scary and dark and eerie and she wants to be done with all this 'cause she's just really fucking in her head 'cause she's high. So with all this being said, she starts cleaning.


She's like, I have to go, we have to get outta here. We have to go. Starts cleaning like crazy, right? She starts off strong, clean, clean, clean. But then she ultimately gets lazy and starts to half-ass everything. She's like, I don't wanna clean anymore. I'm hungry. Where's my Jolly Rancher? Where'd the Jolly Rancher go? She ends up throwing the towel over the bucket with Chad's head in it and penis. And she said that she threw the towel over with the fallen intention of her like taking it home. But she's rushing at this point to get the hell out of there. So she grabs his still intact, left foot and leg and forgets all about the bucket. She leaves it behind.


Now this should bring us all the way back to the beginning 'cause we know what happened next. Tara. Chad's mom finds the head in the bucket and then tells police to go looking for Taylor Sha business. I guess Chad's mom said Taylor and Sha had been hanging out in the basement for well over 24 hours before she had found his head that they had come home late Monday night. They had spent all day, they didn't come out of the basement Tuesday and they were just doing their thing down there. And Chad's mom said, you know, they're old enough to like hang out. And also I didn't wanna walk in just randomly down in the basement and accidentally see them having sex or something like that. Was her reasoning as to why she didn't go down there and check?


I could see that, but you know, okay, sure. So with this information, police dispatch a unit of police officers to Taylor's apartment to locate the minivan that she was driving the night of Chaz's death. And they end up finding this minivan at Taylor's apartment complex. They get her address, they go right to her apartment complex. There's the van. The officers, they didn't even need to like shine their flashlights into the van because as they approached the vehicle, the van, like the lights turned on by themselves as if someone was either locking or like unlocking the door with a remote. So they're like, okay, weird. So the police officers are looking inside the window of the the van and they can see like a basket full of what seemed to be dirty laundry.


And on top of the laundry was a crock pot box. So no crock pot, but like the box that came in. So the officers, they turn their attention to the outside of the car and they're looking around and they could see that there are a few droplets of blood. So they look and they see that there are footprints because it's snowing. Mind you. So they see blood in the snow and they also see footprints leading them straight to the apartment building that this person walked to with some blood. you know, following them. It was like they didn't have to try that hard, it led them right to her. So they start heading to the building. But before they get there, Taylor just walks right out.


Maybe that's why the light of the van was on, like maybe she was coming back to grab something or maybe leave, but she comes right out so they, they stop her. This is all on like body cam footage too. And like the second Taylor sees the police officer, she like stops dead in her track tracks. What's this saying? But she doesn't try to run or like get away. She just stops and just is kind of like smiling 'cause she's weird. So the police officers, they approach her, they see that she's wearing like a black, she's wearing all black. She's gone on a black hoodie, black sweatpants. And when they look more closely they can see that the sweatpants were caked in what clearly looked like dried blood. Then they take a look at her hands and they can see like also stained with blood.


And on top of that, one thing Detective Bailey noticed was that she had on a full face of Makeup, she even had a lash on. I know. I was like, what is this girl doing? Who puts on a lash to murder someone or did she put on the lash after the fact so she could get a nice mugshot but she had a full beat on. I was like, okay girl, whatever her priorities are little fucked up. So of course placed under arrest, right? They search her van, they look inside the van and inside that crock pot box, that's where they find Chad's leg and foot. And at this moment that's when they realize that they've, they've got their killer. So they take Taylor to the police station where obviously they get all their photographs that they need, like her blood stained hands, her bloody clothes, the rest of her body, after they're done taking the pictures they give her, you know that jumpsuit, the orange jumpsuit that they make all criminals wear and then they leave her alone in the interrogation room where they catch her on camera saying like, I fucking hate this outfit.


That part made me laugh because I feel like maybe her concerns seem a little misplaced, but she really fucking hates this outfit. My girl even murders someone. So I don't think the outfit is really we should worry about, but I don't know. So she's being interrogated by a detective named graph and he's asking her all types of questions where she tells him that Shad was her ex-boyfriend slash fuck buddy. They let her know that they found a lot of blood and shads head in a bucket in his mother's basement. To which Taylor responded, that is pretty fucked up. So when I was watching this, I was like, what the fuck is going on right now?


What the fuck is going on right now? I could not wrap my head around her confession. Well the detective gr asked Taylor more questions about Sha and like what she did back at the house. It suddenly dawned on her that she had totally forgotten about Shaq's head. And then all of a sudden like, and during questioning she bursts out like this is a quote damn the head. I can't believe I left the head though. I'm sure they got the right chick. you know. So detectives ask her the one question that we all wanna know, why, why did you kill Shad? What happened? you know, why did you do it? And her response to them was quote, good question because I blacked out during that time. But I need to think.


End quote. I know I feel like killers, they always love a good like blackout moment in their story. They always blackout but then they seem to remember everything. It's so, it's so funny, isn't it? They love a blackout. Detectives ask her, okay, well do you think the whole body's still there? And then she answers to them like, I don't see why not unless I just like left it, which I could have. Then they ask Taylor how she felt when she strangled him and she tells them in like a really lower creepy tone. I liked it. It was very exciting. Everything was, you should check my panties end quote. Not kidding. She said that this is not okay.


This is not okay. I'm not kidding. She said that. Check my panties. No girl, no girl whatcha doing. It gets worse. Like if you think this is bad, it just keeps getting worse and worse. The detectives ask her like, did Sha try to fight back? And she was like, yeah he did, but I won. When they get to Chad's dismemberment, they ask her if it took her all day and she tells them like, yeah it did. And they question if she had taken any other drugs during that time. And then Taylor answers, no she didn't. But I should ask. They asked her how she dismembered Chad's body and she goes into very great detail and tells him about the knives in the kitchen and that her favorite was the bread knife.


I got a snack really quick 'cause I'm hungry. I haven't eaten yet. Okay, so then dismemberment Bailey, okay, towards the end of Taylor's interrogation, that's when she start still like she's coming down or off of her drugs maybe because that's when she's starting to like apologize. She's telling detectives that she didn't mean for all this to happen, that she fucked up and that she was sorry. And it's like, yeah girl, that's what she did. Okay, but it's too late. She already give her full confession. DNA everywhere girl, you're getting charged. You fucking killed someone. Brutally like what are you doing? You can't just say sorry and it's all okay. Don't be dumb. I think it's safe to say that meth really kind of ruined Taylor's brain right after her arrest.


Authorities had a really hard time deciding if she was mentally healthy enough to even stand trial. Taylor was assigned a lawyer and their name was Quinn Jolly. Don't get me started on these names. Okay? Quinn Jolly. Quinn jolly, weirdly enough also represented her dad in his sexual assault case. So it was like a bogo. So they end up going to her court hearing where the judge would determine if they could delay Taylor's trial to like an expert to evaluate her because they submitted a plea of not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect, which is kind of valid, right? But not really. It's not. Let me tell you why.


Now, I don't know if you guys saw this, but I saw this shit. So I was watching the court trial. I was like, what? I just, I could not believe this story. I just could not believe it. I thought it was fate. And then I also thought like the whole court trial was like, did you guys watch jury duty? I thought it was like that and it wasn't. It was not. It was, it was real because okay, look, they go to a hearing, right? Taylor ends up losing her shit at this hearing. So she's sitting right next to her lawyer, Mr. Jolly or whatever the fuck. And the judge is kind of like having a hard time approving a short delay of the trial, trying to determine right then out of nowhere, Taylor who was handcuffed by chains at the waist in her orange jumper, she all of a sudden outta nowhere jumps up and leads with her elbow to, to like punch her lawyer.


She gets up, she tries to punch, tries to smack, she full on attacks her lawyer, it's not funny, but I was like, I've never seen this before in a courtroom. Wow. Takes him down pretty much to the ground. The deputies in the courtroom, they were like slow, like where were they? I don't know, it was a hot mess. They wrestled Taylor to the ground and they ended up clearing the court before continuing with the hearing. It was wild. So many were kind of like if she wanted to show the judge that she was mentally incompetent, like this is how she would do it. Some really thought that she was kind of just leaning into this in hopes for the judge to see that she is mentally unwell. And that was kind of like the debate for a minute. But then as you continue watching the court trial, I just think this is who she's as a person.


After that whole ordeal, she was assigned another public defender. Fair Taylor. She went and got evaluated in February by a state psychologist to see like if she could take the stand right, is she fit? Well, this one psychologist came back and said, no, like Taylor is not mentally fit to stand trial. She's not, she can't. This psychologist told the court that during one of her evaluations with Taylor, Taylor had freaked out, got up out of her seat and started screaming. Then she took herself to the corner of the room and picked up a chair, which luckily was a plastic chair and hawked that shit at, at the psychologist.


The psychologist said that in their 32 years of practice, no one has ever thrown a chair at her. But despite this, the judge ruled that Taylor was competent to stand trial. It was a, it's a very hot tape. Taylor's trial started earlier this year, July of 2023. Do not recommend. I watch a lot of court trials. I wanna work in a courtroom one day. So I'm always watching. But this court trial was nothing like I've ever seen before. At the beginning, Taylor's new lawyer asked the court to exclude Taylor's internet search history before the murder took took place because this happened before the murder took place, had nothing to do with what happened, right?


And the reason that they wanted her internet search history to not be shown was because she was making some questionable searches in court. They had read them and it was like, oh my fucking girl. She was looking up Jeffrey Dahmer walking into court, all sexy. There was another one, Jeffrey Dahmer's. But it was like when a kid first gets the internet, the judge ended up ruling that the evidence could be admitted to court. So we have a little Jeffrey Dahmer lover over here and I don't get it. There's so many fish in the sea. Why? Why, why? Why Jeffrey Dahmer, the witness stand during trial was a fricking hot mess. They called to the stand a friend who was, or the friend who was with them the night of Chad's murder.


Remember the friend who was the party poop and left. So they call up this friend to the stand and they ask him if he noticed anything weird with Taylor's behavior that night. And he said no, the vibes were chill. Another person who was called to the stand was Taylor's father. Arturo. Lemme tell you, they bring him into court. He's in his orange jumpsuit. He's also handcuffed because he is serving his sexual assault sentence situation, his rape. He ends up taking a stand. He tells the court that Taylor's mental health had been declining ever since her mom died. And then he goes on to blame Taylor's husband, Warren saying that everything was fine until he got out of jail and fucked everything up.


you know, he introduced his daughter to these drugs and she got involved and he just, he fucked her up. So he's done with his testimony, they're walking him outta the courtroom and Taylor's sitting there, she's looking at her dad, she's like, I love you. And then he's like, leave me to you. They're talking to each other, which you're not supposed to. And then after they walk him out of the courtroom, Taylor yells, go bears honey. Now's not the time. No, I was like, girl, go bears at a murder trial. I mean if you watched a trial, which you shouldn't 'cause I'm giving you the whole rundown, but you can tell or she seems, Taylor seems very mentally unwell Every time someone's on the stand she's looking straight at the court cameras and she's just staring at them.


And then she's laughing, she's giggling all throughout. She can't stop laughing, girl, you murdered someone. What is your problem? Get it together. She's just always making some kind of face like somebody farted, you know? But in court, I guess mental illness brought on by drugs or a mental illness that seems to be extreme because of drugs is not considered a quote unquote true mental illness because of the drugs. So if you kill someone while high, you are liable. And that's why she was able to go to to the whole trial. After the whole trial, the jury only took one hour to find Taylor Cha business guilty on all charges, first degree intentional homicide, mutilating a corpse third degree sexual assault.


And she was facing mandatory life in jail as she should because what the fuck? Remember Taylor business's husband, Warren Chaba. Well since her arrest, he really stepped up his husband game. He's still in federal prison serving his sentence. But I guess they get access to Facebook in prison. I didn't look this up. I forgot to, throughout the trial, Warren used Facebook to voice his support for his wife. Like no matter what she did, he was posting like, I'm so blessed to be with Taylor. My wife is locked up, but like I love her regardless. She is my right or die, blah blah blah.


He would go on and on like she would never do this. She was just having a bad day. He was like, boy shut. Everyone just needs to shut up. She and Warren are still in communications often, at least I don't know about right this second, but when I was researching all this, like they were writing letters to each other, she was directing him on like what to post on his Facebook saying like, honey, you need to like post that I'm innocent and that you're standing by by me or whatever. Yeah, yeah. But that's mainly it. I think they're still married. Well Taylor will be spending the rest of her life in prison for murdering Shad as she should be because it was brutal.


I guess today's story really stuck out for me personally. Like it really was like, what the fuck? I could not wrap my head around it because of a, well obviously how brutal it is. I think we can all agree that it was very brutal and I guess I was really shocked because you don't hear these types of stories a lot when it comes to women killing, right? Like this is such mainly man thing, not to be sexist or anything, right? But I think we can agree in these true crime stories, it's always the men who go off like this, rarely is it a woman. And for the first time I was like, holy fucking shit. Like she went off and yeah, probably because of the meth, but still I was like holy fuck, never have I ever heard a horrifying story like this and drugs are bad.


And I'm glad it wasn't used as an as an excuse for her to get like a lesser sentence because she shouldn't get a lesser sentence. Chad's life was lost because of this woman and Chad's mom forever traumatized, right? It's just sad. I didn't wanna look up like where Taylor's kid or baby was at because I don't, none of that matters, right? And I don't think we need to know. But what the fuck was that about? I don't know. Go Bears need I say more. Obviously she's not mentally well. I think we can all agree on that. But you still murdered someone and you didn't even just murder girl like you fucking chopped up And.


that is, that's a different type of brain that I don't ever wanna encounter. And yes, you have to be in jail for a long time. Taylor, pay for what you did girl. Sorry, but go Bears. Anyways, I, hope you have a good rest of your day. Please be safe out there. Make good choices and yeah, I, hope you have a good rest of your week. I'll be seeing you guys later. Goodbye.


There's a shortcut to platinum status at Shell to saving 10 cents per gallon on every fill every day. Just fill up six times with Shell V Power, nitro plus premium gasoline and it's yours. Plus you'll rejuvenate your engine. Get ready to level up performance, rewards and savings with continuous use and gasoline. Direct injection engine fuel injectors. Platinum status is earned with 12 Philips over three months, 10 gallon minimum per Philip at participating shell locations terms supply visit fuel rewards.com/status.


Popeye's has the wings you crave as a meal, a snack, or at your next party for just 5 99 for a six piece crunchy, spicy bone-in wings or tender white meat boneless wings are seasoned to perfection in Louisiana, herbs and spices and then tossed in so many different amazing flavors that you can tell if one is better than the last. Pick your wing, choose your sauce and savor all the flavor possibilities. It's the best of both wings and they're just 5 99 for it. Six piece, all that chicken for Popeyes and participating in US restaurants.


COVID-19 And flu Viruses disgus themselves to fool your immune system. That's why COVID-19 and flu vaccines are updated to protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and Flu Vaccinations sponsored by Champions for vaccine Education, equity and progress.