
On October 15th, we had a Murder Mystery, a Makeup Live digital premiere. What an experience. We talked about the Klein Acts attacks. And it. I mean, I did it all live. It was so fun engaging with you guys. Like it was so fun. There were tons of like incredible comments and questions, and I hope to do it again. I just cannot Thank you all enough. It was so much fun, and it's all thanks to you, my audience. The story itself was crazy. I already wasn't a big fan of camping or biking, but now, you know, just really solidified that.


But here's the thing, maybe you didn't get a chance to attend. Maybe you forgot to get Tickets or you were busy, or I don't know. you know, you got life going on. That's okay. I got you. From now until November 12th, you can still buy a ticket and experience the entire event from start to finish as If. You were there with us. If this sounds like something you want to do, head on over to moment.co/mm to buy Tickets to the replay of the big event. This is the last chance to see what Murder Mystery Makeup Live was all about. Limited edition. And if you're thinking, Hey, why would I buy a ticket to a live event that is no longer live? I think that's a great question. This episode of Murder Mystery and MAKEUP lives only on Moment by Patreon. It will not be on Youtube After November 12th. this story, you know, all the the Makeup tips I gave the chitchat POOF gone forever. So come see how a brand new story was created from the foundation up and experienced some special surprises along the way. Come experience Murder Mystery Makeup Live of Digital Premier. While you still can, you can get your Tickets to the 28 day replay over at moment.co/mm. That's moment.co/mm.


Now let's get into today's episode of Murder Mystery and Makeup Hi. friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Ian, and you are listening to the Murder Mystery and Makeup podcast. Today's exciting because I have this story that is a podcast exclusive just for you listening. Okay, now this story takes place in the sixties in Glasgow, Scotland. At the time, Glasgow was recovering from a hard decade that suffered from severe smog, was overrun by slums, and there was a high infant mortality rate. It seemed everyone was in poor health and crime was rampant. Now on Gallo Gate Road in Glasgow, Scotland is a dance hall called the Barrowland Ballroom.


That still stands today, even after the gruesome murders that took place in the sixties. It was built in 1934 and during World War ii, it was a popular place for American soldiers. It was completely destroyed by a fire in the fifties and rebuilt in 1960. The barrel land was not the most classy place to go, and was known to be the place where you don't use your real name. And I don't know, I guess it was like an easy place to get like a one night stand, no judgment, you know. So on February 22nd, 1968, Patricia Docker, who was a 25-year-old nurse, worked at Meki Hospital where she worked night shifts.


She lived with her parents after leaving her husband with her 4-year-old son, Alex. Well, one night she decided to go out dancing. Her plans were to head to the Majestic Ballroom. Ironically, it was located on Hope Street. I guess it was torn down in 1972, but Patricia might have gone to the Majestic Ballroom, but it ended up closing at 10:30 PM and she found herself at an over 25, or commonly known as a grab a granny night at the Barrel Land Ballroom that stayed open until midnight. Yeah, if you were over 25, it was known as Grab a Granny. So that's nice.


Creating satisfying retail experiences can be really tough, especially with multiple stores, different staff fulfillment centers. Oh, I don't even know. I mean, I, it's a lot of moving parts, but with Shopify point of sale, it doesn't need to be complicated. It can be as easy as Shopify makes it possible to guarantee that shopping is always convenient, endless aisle shipped to customer, buy online, pick up in store, all of those options are just made so much simpler with Shopify. Customers get to shop exactly how they want, where they want. Plus staff have the exact tools they need to close the sale every time. Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. It brings together in-store and online operations, even across a thousand locations. Once you have customers shopping with you, Shopify knows how important it is to keep them. With Shopify point of sale. You can keep shoppers coming back thanks to experiences that are consistent and tailored to their needs. Plus, with access to first party data, your marketing teams can have a competitive edge to keep your business growing. Want more, we'll check out shopify.com/ MAKEUP. The MAKEUP is all lowercase and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. That's shopify.com/ Makeup, all lowercase.


The next day near Patricia's house, Maurice Goodman was headed to his garage, and when he arrived, Patricia's body was on his doorstep. She was naked except for one shoe. He immediately called 9 1 1. He actually told the 9 1 1 dispatcher that it was a man because the face had apparently been beaten so badly. So a detective comes out there and the detective said, quote, there had been a heavy frost that night. We arrived about 8:10 AM and stopped the car at the Overdale Street end of the lane. The body was lying with the head towards us. Initially, I thought it was a man because of the thin build, but when I got closer, I could see it was a female.


She was completely naked and there was no sign of her clothing. She was lying on her back. With the head turned to the right. Now, it was suspected that she was strangled with either a belt or her own pantyhose. It appeared that Patricia had been raped and they also found her pad nearby. I guess she was on her period and they found her pad nearby. So police kind of tried to retrace Patricia's night. They went down to the majestic after learning that, you know, she was supposed to be over there that night, but really it was putting them further and further away from the true answers. Her clothes were later found at the quote, river cart end quote, I have no idea like what that means.


I'm sorry. It might be a Scottish thing or a street name. I couldn't figure it out. But they found her clothes, but her purse and watch were never found. Then on August 16th, 1969, 18 months after Patricia's death, Jemima McDonald decided to go out to the Barrow Land ballroom for a night of dancing. Now, she was a single mother of three kids and she decided she needed, you know, a night out. So she had her sister Margaret watch the kids while she was out the bar land people were called seeing her dancing with a tall man around 30 years old, dressed in a blue suit. It was said that she left with that man, and that was the last time anyone saw her.


The next day, Margaret was worried because her sister never came to get her kids. When she went outside, later that day, she overheard kids from the neighborhood talking about a body in a nearby abandoned building. Now Margaret, she got that feeling, you know, she was like, what? She was a little alarmed, but she waited until Monday to ask them where the body was, and then she went to the building. That's when Margaret discovered Jemima's body was fully clothed, but she was missing her purse. I mean, it must have been like tragic. It was her, her sister. You know, when police investigated, it was determined that Jemima was possibly strangled by her pantyhose as well as she had also been on her period.


I guess her, her pad again was found nearby. We got some kind of period killer out here. My God investigators, interrogated people that had been at the barrel land that night. But like no one had any leads. Even once the family offered a 100 pound reward, no one came forward with any information. So the police decided to try and set up whoever the perp was by trying to entice whoever it was with a victim. So essentially, a female cop went undercover. But sadly, quote unquote, sadly, no one tried to kill her. Scotland did something that they actually had never done before and released an image to the public that a sketch artist had put together.


But again, there was no leads, nothing, no movement.


You know when you're about to fall asleep and then suddenly a really specific traumatic memory pops into your head. Ugh, I hate that. For me, one of those was learning how to ride a bike when I was a kid. It's supposed to be an amazing, happy memory, but instead, like I ate crap on the sidewalk, oh, I ate, oh, oh, I ate crap. And, it hurt. Well, luckily Guardian bikes is taking the trauma and drama out of bike riding. Guardian bikes are designed specifically for stability, so they're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration or bandaids. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory, ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times wire cutter Top Kids Bike pick for 2024. So get your kids on those bikes. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


October 31st, 1969, Helen Patak and her sister, Jean Lanford wanted a night out on the town and they wanted to go dancing at the Barrel Land Ballroom. Now, before they left, Helen's husband was worried because he, you know, people were talking that there was a serial killer on the loose and he didn't want her to get hurt. But you know, the sisters swore they wouldn't leave each other's side like not to worry. They're just gonna go out, they're just gonna dance and have some fun, like relax. It's not gonna, nothing bad is gonna happen. So her husband stayed home with their two young boys. Gene said that her sister danced with a tall man that night. Both sisters entertained two men named John that night.


And then once it got really late, the sisters decided to hail a taxi when Helen's John offered to see them home. So they're in the taxi and this John Guy is talking a lot, and he kind of told them a lot. John told them that he was very religious. He could quote scripture. He was quoted saying, I don't drink at Hogmanay. I pray Hogmanay is like New Year's Eve in Scotland. He said his father called the ballrooms quote, dens of iniquity. So he seems very judgmental. He also had a sister and a cousin who was really good at golf, and he told them that he was headed towards the Clyde Ferry.


So this guy was telling them kind of a lot, right? Well, they dropped Gene off at her house first. Then Helen and John rode off in the taxi. Oh no. Well, Helen's body was discovered the next morning near her house by a man walking his dog. She was clothed but missing her purse. She had most likely been strangled with her pantyhose and she was also on her period. I'm telling you, period. Killer. What? Yeah. Ugh. She had been bit on her wrist and semen was discovered on her clothes. Her feet were green from runny in the grass, barefoot, possibly suggesting that she tried to get away and the most bizarre part of this one, the killer removed her quote unquote sanitary towel and put it under her armpit.


What? Yeah, what I don't. Yep. After he told them that he was looking for his wife, they deduced that the woman they had just found was Helen.


I don't know about you guys, but I can get so overwhelmed with different skincare products. There's just so many out there, you know, so many lotions and potions. It's like, which one is actually gonna help with my breakouts, my stress breakouts, and then I'm stressing even more because I don't even know what Ibotta and I spend so much money and ugh, it's a whole thing. Our skin changes over time. So it can be really overwhelming trying to figure out what's the right product for you right here in this moment. you know, that's why I'm always excited to partner with Apostrophe, the sponsor of today's episode. if you don't know, Apostrophe is an online platform that connects you with your very own dermatology team so you can have a treatment specifically customized for your skin. All you have to do is fill out an online consultation, letting them know about your skin goals and medical history. Then you get your very own treatment plan and even access to prescription treatments. And instead of having to wait in line at the pharmacy, everything comes packaged and personalized right to your door. Apostrophe wants to help you feel confident in your own skin, whether you're dealing with breakouts, signs of aging, acne scarring, dark spots, fine lines, wrinkles, blah blah blah, whatever it is, Apostrophe will help you love the skin you are in. We have a special deal right now for our audience. You can get your first visit for only $5 at Apostrophe dot com slash Makeup when you use our code Makeup. So that's the savings of $15. To get started, just go to Apostrophe dot com slash Makeup and click get started. Then use our code Makeup at signup and you'll get your first visit for only $5. A big Thank you to Apostrophe for sponsoring today's episode.


Now let's get back to today's story. Jean Gene goes to the police and tells them about this guy, this guy that she was calling, or actually the police were calling Bible John because remember the the taxi ride home and he was like obviously like he knew his Bible. So they're giving him the title Bible John. So the police came out with this description to the public. They believed the serial killer guy was male, 35 to 30 years old, medium build six feet tall, short light, reddish hair, blue gray eyes and overlapping tooth in the upper right of the mouth.


I know very specific with that one. I was like, oh, military style wristwatch. Now many people gave tips, but Jean was never able to identify any of the men. She saw the police did many stakeouts and had undercover women cops like go out, you know? But Bible John never struck again. Police investigated many people with many negative DNA tests. The police put one man's family through the media circus as they ex. They really thought this guy was Bible John and kind of like the media was also believing that this guy was Bible John and they really ruined his life and this man completely, well we think he's innocent, right?


But he committed suicide in 1980 at 40 years old and was apparently a cousin to one of the victims. But Gene told police that he was not the guy. They ended up exhuming his body and determined through DNA testing, he was not Bible John. It was said that as men were cleared from suspicion, the police were giving them cards that said, I am not Bible John so that they wouldn't be heckled. As the years went on, the DNA had not been kept properly and was lost. They literally had the semen, you know what I'm saying? And they ended up losing it. The only person that could apparently identify the killer at this point was Jean.


Okay, so let me introduce you to Peter Tobin. Peter Tobin was born August 27th, 1946 and was giving his parents a hard time at a young age before he was sent to a reform school at just seven years old. Now, Jean was adamant that Peter was not the man from the taxi, but he's the most prominent suspect in this case. Peter frequented the bar lands in 1968. At this point he would've been like 22 years old and many women recounted horrible, horrible experiences with him. One woman said that he tried to rape her after meeting him at the ballroom and a different woman said that he tried to get her to leave with him and when she refused, it just really pissed him off.


Most interesting, he met his wife, 17-year-old Margaret at the barrel land ballrooms. It's been said that they did not have a happy marriage and there was even this one situation where like he was, he was an angry man and I guess his first wife's puppy would not stop barking. So he solved that problem by slitting the dog's throat. Yeah, so I mean this guy's like raisin some flags. Okay, so he was arrested in 1970 for burglary and forgery and then he ended up spending three years in jail. He ended up getting married and divorced three times after his wives claimed that he beat and raped them.


15-year-old Vicki had gone to a bus stop near Peter's house in 1991 after killing her. He had kept the knife, he used to kill her as well as her purse. Three years later in 1994, Peter was arrested for raping two 14-year-old girls and he only served 14 years and then was registered as a sex offender. When he got out, he, he started going by the name Pat McLaughlin Police said that he had up to like 40 different aliases, but he gets outta prison and then he gets a job as the handyman for St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church.


In 2007, he was sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of murdering 23-year-old student Angelica Cluck in 2006 when he was in his sixties. Which side note, but like if he's killing in his sixties, you know he's been killing for a long time. There's no way just randomly in your sixties you start killing, come on after beating, raping, and then stabbing Angelica to death. Peter hid her body under the floor near the confessionals of the church he worked at. Oh yeah. Mm. He was also convicted of the murder of Vicki Hamilton and Dyna McNichol after their skeletal remains were found at his home in Margate uk, which is like I guess eight hours from Glasgow.


Vicki had been missing for 17 years when her remains were found and when they found her remains, it was determined that she had been raped. Dina was hitchhiking after a music festival, And, it was only 18 years old when she got in the car with Peter. His DNA was never tested and compared to the murders committed by Bible John. So you know, there was no way to rule him out as the killer. Many think it was this guy. It would make sense that Peter just didn't start killing that lead into his life. He most likely was murdering way before that because we all know that most serial killers, you know, white men in their thirties, et cetera, et cetera.


So even if Peter is not responsible for the barrel land, ballroom murders, he most likely has a lot more blood on his hands from somewhere else. When he was in prison, he claimed to have killed 48 women. Now, here is the unsatisfying end Gene passed away at 74 years old in 2010 and since there's no DNA evidence and she was the only witness the barrel land murders, this case will probably most likely never be solved. I would love to hear in your guys' thoughts.


I personally believe it's this Bible John guy, but he's such a big Mystery and there's still, there's really not that much information out there. It was like these murders were happening and nobody really seemed to like care that much to try and solve it. I dunno. Anyways, I hate to do unsolved stories 'cause I personally need closure. But this one I found tragic and, and weird, right? The whole period of it all. What the fuck? Anywho, I. hope you have a good rest of your day. Carry pepper spray with you. Be on the lookout, be safe out there. Make good choices, and I'll be seeing you guys later. Goodbye.