
Hi friends, I wanted to do something special for you, my incredible subscribers as a thank you. So for the first time ever, you can be part of an exclusive LIVE Murder, Mystery and Makeup episode. Oh yes, I'm doing it. LIVE BABY. So you'll get to see the whole thing created from the foundation up. You see what I did there? Foundation, you can engage with me along the way and there's also going to be some special surprises. Plus you'll be able to interact with each other and with me live like never before. And on top of all that, you can get your hands on some limited edition merch. There's also going to be a VIP after party experience. I'm calling Murder Mystery, Makeup Post Mortem, where you can like hang out with me afterwards. We can have some chitchat, some talks, some questions, you know, secrets we'll be told there'll be a good time. This is a one night only event you don't wanna miss and it cannot be seen anywhere else but Moment by Patreon. I'm serious. Like it won't be posted on Youtube or anything, you know, so you're probably wondering when. Well, it's happening October 15th, 2024, 9:00 PM Eastern, 8:00 PM Central, 6:00 PM Pacific. Tickets are on sale right now at moment.co/mm. It's gonna be so much fun and honestly I'm a little nervous 'cause it's live, but it's gonna be fun. But I really hope to see you there. Tickets are on sale right now at moment.co/mm. Again, that's moment.co/mm.


And now let's get into today's episode of Murder Mystery and MAKEUP Hi. friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday, which means it's Murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. Sorry, I don't dunno why said if you new here. Hi, my name is Baileys and on Mondays I talk about a true crime story that's been heavy on my no, and I do my Makeup at the same time if you're watching on Youtube, but you're not. But you're on the podcast so you're just listening. Hi. And I'm gonna tell you a true crime story that's been heavy at my noggin and this is a podcast exclusive.


And don't forget to like and subscribe and stuff 'cause I'm here for you on Mondays because, yeah. Okay, great. So today's story, Henry Lewis Wallace. Now it's gonna be a little gruesome, I apologize, takes place in Charlotte, North Carolina between 1990 and 1994. Alright, you ready? Buckle in. Okay, great. You ready? I know you are working fast. Food can be a little rough, right? It can be day after day of like the same thing. A lot of the same people, the same orders, and sometimes like problems come up that always seem to be your fault and you're like, I just work here.


Okay. Like, I don't fricking make the tacos in my basement, I'm just working here. But people don't get that. I feel you. I never worked fast food, but I worked retail and it's like, it's kind of, it's not the same, but you know, I feel like you, my heart goes out to you, is what I'm saying. Sometimes like the only saving grace of those jobs are like the friends you make or your coworkers, you know, the people that you end up working within two inches of for like eight hours or more a day. You learn to, I don't know, trust each other pretty fast. I mean, you sort of have to, when you're like moving that fast for so long or you're just in that crammed space, working together is the only way you're gonna get work done, right? So you rely on those people just as much as they rely on you.


And then you know how it goes. Like you laugh a few times, you make a few mistakes, the customer yells at you and then all of a sudden you're all friends hopefully. And after you've been through so much together, it's just so easy to trust these people, you know, have a drink with them, hang out with them outside of work and become friends. I mean, If, you have this much fun together at work. You gotta imagine that they're even more fun outside of it, right? You'd never even think to worry about who they might be outside of work selves, that they might be different, that they might be living a life you couldn't imagine. Today's story starts with exactly that.


A few girls working at a Taco Bell in Charlotte, North Carolina in the 1980s who had one or all of those thoughts and all of them worked with a man named Henry Lewis Wallace Henry seemed an easygoing enough guy to his staff. He may have been the manager, sure, but the guy was like barely halfway through his twenties. He wasn't a demanding asshole like you might be remembering from your personal work days. In fact, most people described him as friendly and charming, a real smooth talker. The kind of guy that you'd wanna grab a beer with after work. I mean, if only his coworkers knew what was brewing underneath, maybe they'd still be alive.


I love buying new Makeup, especially if it's at the beginning of a new season. You know, it helps me shake up my routine and try something different. Plus, let's be honest, it's the perfect excuse to buy some new lipstick. Ah, I love lipstick. And whether I'm keeping it natural or going full glam, I'm always excited to reach for Thrive Cosmetics. Thrive Cosmetics has tons of amazing products like their liquid lash extensions mascara. Listen, whenever I wear it, people are convinced that I, I have lash extensions. They're like, what lash are you wearing? And I'm like, girl, it's mascara. It's just mascara. My favorite part is like the mascara lasts all day without clumping or smudging. I always have a problem with smudging, but it also comes off easily with just some warm water at the end of the day, which is amazing 'cause you don't have to worry about, you know, ripping out half of your eyelashes just trying to get the freaking mascara off. In fact, this mascara actually supports longer, stronger, and healthier looking eyelashes over time. And I'm not the only one who loves Thrive Cosmetics. Their bestselling products have thousands of five star reviews and all of their Makeup is made with high performance formulas and skin loving ingredients. Plus they're a company you can feel good about supporting. That's because for every product purchased Thrive Cosmetics gives back. They donate to really important causes like veteran and education organizations and those impacted by domestic abuse. And on top of all that, their products are all 100% vegan and cruelty free. So If, you wanna look amazing, feel amazing, and give back. Try Thrive Cosmetics. You won't regret it. So brighten up your fall. Look with Thrive Cosmetics luxury beauty that gives back right now you can get an exclusive 20% off your first order@thrivecosmetics.com slash Makeup. That's Thrive Cosmetics, C-A-U-S-E, M E, TIC s.com/ Makeup for 20% off your first order.


Henry Lewis Wallace was born in Barnwell, South Carolina, a town that had just a few people in 1960 as it does today, just over 4,400 people and it's only eight square miles. So when I say it's a small town, baby, listen, I mean it is small. Henry's mother was surviving all on her own in Barnwell when she had her daughter Yvonne, and that was still the case when she had Henry three years later, Henry and Yvonne, their father, I guess didn't stick around either. I don't have all the details, but I know that he, Henry's father was married to another woman and it seems like he cut off the affair he was having with Henry's mother right after Henry was born.


So he was a sleaze bag right away. We have two kids who get like thrown, nope, right away. We have two kids who get to grow up without a father figure. Like for Henry, that meant growing up without anyone on his side. Yeah, not even his mother or his sister. Times were hard in the Wallace house and Henry's mother had to work long hours just to make ends meet as a textile worker. That meant leaving Henry and Yvonne home with her grandmother, who was a harsh old woman who argued with her daughter all of the time. Their house in the meantime wasn't exactly modern. They had no indoor plumbing and they had no electricity.


The water they drank came from a ground well outside and one of Henry's chores was to change out the chamber pot in their bathroom, which If, you don't know, it's, it's like a bowl. It's a bowl. People used to to go to the bathroom in, you know, when you don't have a toilet that flushes. Henry was the youngest and it seems like he got the least attention and the least help with money being tight. Most of Henry's clothes were hand-me-downs from his sister's wardrobe, which didn't help him earn any friends. When he was really young and was learning to use the bathroom by himself, he developed a great fear of punishment and of his mother, apparently she would terrify him so bad that it just made his problem worse, being so afraid of being screamed at, he just started hiding his clothes whenever he accidentally peed in them.


And it makes sense because Henry's mother was very big on punishment. Apparently his mother beat him with a switch, which is like one of those small riding crop style whips, but it was made out of wood when she was too tired to do it. She'd force her children to hit each other with it. Henry would say later in life that he remembered doing it and that it hurt more to do it than anything she or his mother did to him. In high school, Henry did a a bit better, like he had made a few friends and he was eyeing a spot on the school's football team. Apparently his mother did not want him on the team, so he never got the chance to try out.


Instead he joined the cheerleaders, which I think is kind of banging, you know, like hell yeah, that's cool. Like If, you can't be playing the game. I mean, that's cool. You's so good to be the football and the cheerleader and like cheerleading is hardcore, but you know, it wasn't what Henry wanted though, so let me not get off track here. He wanted to be on the team. I guess it was a pretty slick move though because Henry was instantly recognizable at school for like his position on the squad. He was the only guy there and he was six foot, so everyone knew him and it actually kind of made him popular. I wish I could find more details about it, like pictures or something, but as the story goes, his teachers and school mates really liked seeing him at games.


It was just different. It was cool. Henry graduated from Barnwell High in May of 1983 and attended two different community colleges, both of which he lost interest in after just one semester at each school, which may have had something to do with like his new night job as the quote night rider quote. He was like a nighttime radio host for the local radio station, WBAW, and he was, I guess guess really good at it too. The station was small given that it was like a, it was local to Barnwell, but listeners had good things to say about his skills as a hip hop DJ and the relaxed like atmosphere that he brought to the show.


Apparently this was especially true for female listeners who enjoyed hearing Henry's smooth voice on the radio like he was good at it. The downside, Henry got fired pretty shortly after he started, when he was found stealing CDs from the station. He was let go despite how popular he was with the ladies. I mean listeners, and this is where the desperation for Henry starts to really take hold. It was said that he had always known struggle, like his childhood wasn't exactly rosy, but now he was floating without a plan for his future.


So he did the same thing a lot of people might do. He joined the military, Henry joined the United States Navy in 1984, where he would stay for eight years. Over the course of that time, Henry once again seemed to be on the up and up. He had a spotless record as far as his superiors in the Navy were concerned, and they knew him as a great worker who followed orders and was reliable. He was even promoted a few times a year later in 1985, he married his high school sweetheart, Marietta, Barb, him, and even adopted her daughter as well.


Aw, a really standup guy, he sounds like. Right. Fuck. But we're here. I always forget. I'm like, well, but we're here. Okay. Soon though, Wallace expressed a desire for a son of his own, his wife, I guess she wasn't into it, she didn't want another child. And honestly, when you look at how often they were traveling back and forth for Henry's military duties, it kind of makes sense as to why still this seemed to have put a wedge between them. And unfortunately it wasn't the only, it wasn't the only one. As their marriage went on, it was said that their sex lives kind of dried up. And you know, that happens sometimes. Sure. But Henry blamed it on his wife and her own troubled childhood, which is never a winning strategy.


Making matters worse, Henry was caught attempting to break into his navel base in the middle of the night in 1992, and he was discharged from the Navy as punishment. He was honorably discharged, though look, real talk. I don't know why he was trying to break in. Like I don't, I I have no clue why he did that. And it's like you, you dummy Anywho, he had a spotless record and as soon as that happened, his wife had left him and he never saw her or his adopted daughter ever again without any other options. He moved back in with his mother and sister. But this time in Charlotte, North Carolina, back in the Wallace house, Henry fell on even harder times.


He'd lost his military career, which by all accounts was spotless. Before he was caught breaking into the base, he had lost his wife, an adopted child. He'd lost his previous job as the nighttime dj and now he was back where he started living with his mom and his sister. Not that that's bad, but you know, his mom was not like a nice person. Once back there, Henry, I guess felt defeated and depressed. It was said that he fell into hard drugs. Specifically he started smoking crack cocaine and soon it became his only motivator and that was when things took a very dark turn.


Henry worked a bunch of jobs after moving in with his mother and sister, but they were all pretty not great compared to his last two. And then he eventually landed as a manager at a local Taco Bell. He had a couple of girlfriends here and there. Most of his employees liked him, but what little money he was making there ended up going to his drug addiction. As a result, Henry went from being the well-behaved boy. He had been in the Navy to now a compulsive addict, like crack cocaine ain't ain't a joke, like it will fuck people up. And he quickly learned that he could lean on violence to get what he needed.


On June 19th, 1992, the same year that his wife left him and he lost everything, Henry showed up at his girlfriend's apartment unannounced. Now her name was Sadie McKnight and she had only been seeing Henry for like a short while in order to get inside. He had actually stolen one of her keys, and I guess he wasn't actually there to see Sadie. When Henry arrived, he found the apartment was empty exactly as he had hoped, I guess. And he got inside and then he hid himself just waiting. Now he wasn't waiting for Sadie to come home, he was waiting for her roommate, a young black woman named Caroline Love, and she knew who Henry was.


Her roommate was dating him after all, but she was surprised to see him just inside her apartment. She didn't have much time to think about it though, because as soon as she arrived, Henry, I guess kind of comes out and tries to kiss Caroline. It's like a pretty bold move, you know? She's like, whoa. Caroline actually told Henry that she'd let it go and like not tell Sadie if he promised to stop, but Henry didn't care. He then choked Caroline out and held her like that with his hand around her throat until she almost lost consciousness and couldn't resist anymore.


Then he dragged her to her own bed where he then raped her all while never letting go of her. As she continued to fight back against him, Henry found a curling iron in the room and wrapped the cord around her neck, hosting her up and choking her to death. Death once she was dead, Henry wrapped Caroline's body in her bedsheets and stuffed her in giant orange trash bags. Then he drove out past the city limits and dumped her on the side of a dark road. Eventually his girlfriend, Sadie, came home to the same apartment from work that night, and when she did, Henry was already gone with Caroline's body. Then she got a phone call from Kathy.


Love, that's Caroline's sister. Kathy had heard from Caroline's boss that, you know, she was missing for her shift that night when Sadie told Kathy that Caroline wasn't home, and two of them went with Henry down to the police station to file a missing persons report. They literally sat there talking to police about her being missing as if she was still alive while her murderer was sitting in the room with them. When police investigated her apartment, they noticed a few strange things. The furniture was out of place and her bedsheets were missing, but it wasn't enough for them to like point and say, aha, she's been murdered, you know?


So it never led them back to Henry. Caroline Love was filed away as a missing person, and that was that which just left Henry open for another round. In February of 1993, Henry went to the home of a teenager who worked in his restaurant. Is Taco Bell a restaurant? It doesn't matter. He went to the home of a teenager who, who worked there. Her name was Shauna Hawk. And she trusted Henry enough to not only open the door for him, but let him inside and listen to him talk about problems he was having with his girlfriend, which is kind of weird, right? But like again, he's in his twenties and he's kind of like the cool manager.


So like I could kind of see how you can get bamboozled into doing that. I don't know. Well, I guess they were talking right? And then he gets up to leave. But before he left, he hugged Shauna and whispered in her ear that he wanted to have sex with her. She's like, no. Shauna, I guess, took him to her room as he made it seem like she didn't have another option. Sadly, the very next day her body was found floating in her bathtub. By the time the police got to her, any evidence of what Henry had done was already washed away. It wasn't until Henry was caught that he admitted to having raped Shauna before he left.


He stole $50 out of her purse, but with no other evidence to speak of the investigation stalled out. Four months later, he repeated himself almost to a T when he killed 24-year-old Audrey Spain, it was another one of his employees. He arrived at Audrey's house on June 25th and mostly played the same routine. He was a smooth talker, popular with the ladies from his radio days, remember? And Audrey had just gotten back from vacation and the two of them were like catching up and laughing. But I guess Henry was just waiting for his moment. As soon as her back was turned, he grabbed Audrey by the throat and pushed her onto the floor, pinning her down and demanding her money.


When she said she didn't have any, like she had literally just gotten back from a vacation, Henry raped her. He choked her out and used her clothes to tie a rope around her neck and strangle her to death. Then he stole what he could from her apartment and washed her body off in the shower before tucking her body into her bed. Oh my God. After that, Henry started killing more often before he was waiting months between kills and now he was killing a girl every few weeks. All of them were young black women. And in August of 1993, he murdered Valencia Jumper, who was 21 at the time, and a friend of his own sister, much like before Valencia let him in after he asked to talk about his girlfriend troubles, and I guess the moment she looked away, Henry was on top of her.


He then did what he normally did, but once he was finished, he changed up his next few moves and instead of like bathing Valencia's body or leaving her in the bathtub, he poured alcohol all over her, put food on the stove, turned the burner to maximum, and then threw a lip match on top of Valencia. I guess he was trying to make her death look like an accident. I don't know how that's an accident, but okay, bro. But then he pawned the jewelry that he took off of her body to get more drugs.


He later told police that Valencia was quote like a little sister to him. Yeah, a little sister rape. He said quote, I don't know why I ever hurt her. He and his family even went to her funeral a few days after he killed her in September, barely a month later he struck again. This time his victim was a 20-year-old mother of two. Michelle Stinson, who was another friend from Taco Bell, same routine. He like would show up, knock on the door, talk me through my problems, please. Like I'm having girlfriend problems and I'm, and like he must have had a silver tongue even. So it, it seems like he wasn't strong enough to kill Michelle.


By the time he got to choking her out, Michelle continued to fight back and moan in pain, even when he used to towel to wrap around her neck. Now he wasn't strong enough to kill her his usual way, so he found a kitchen knife and I guess tried something new. He ended up stabbing her in the back four times when he was sure she was dead. He took what he could and left her to bleed out on her kitchen floor where, oh my gosh, so sad. But like her 3-year-old son found her the next morning. Ugh, awful. He repeated himself once more in February of 1994, strangling a woman named Vanessa Mack in her apartment like he had with his other victims.


She'd been yet another friend of his from his job at Taco Bell, and she had two daughters aged seven and four. He's like killing everyone from Taco Bell too. So it's like, bro, like who's gonna like work those shifts that you're scheduling? I'm gonna keep going in a second. Like this guy killed a lot of people. But also one thing I want to point out is how similar and yet kind of different his tactics are here. He chokes and rapes all of his victims, but he disposes of them differently and sometimes not at all. Sometimes he steals from them, sometimes he doesn't. Sometimes he tries to burn them, sometimes he stops them.


The police weren't seeing a connection here. They didn't even seem to think that there was one. Because of the way Henry changed up his pattern each time the police weren't even sure that they were dealing with the same guy. In each case, they were treating each of his murders as its own separate investigation. And that meant that detectives weren't sharing notes or details, nor did anyone have any idea that so many of his victims were connected to Henry through Taco Bell. Ugh. Still, you would think that this string of young black women who were all choked and raped within a year of each other would have caused, I don't know, suspicion you would think, right?


Geez, Dee Sumpter, who's the mother of the teenager, Henry killed Shauna Hawk. She had another explanation that the police were neglecting the murders because the victims were all black women. She said that the police didn't care because the victims weren't prominent people with social economic status, they weren't special and they were black end quote. And this sentiment was pretty widely shared among the people who lived in the East Charlotte, where all of Henry's victims had lived. The police actually called upon the FBI for help in this case, but get this, the FBI agents who were working with them determined that the deaths of these women weren't the work of a serial killer.


What was their reasoning you ask? Well, like we talked about before, Wallace was changing up his style every time. Normally serial killers stick to a pattern in order to fulfill, you know, like whatever it is that's driving them. But Henry's killings were just different enough that they were all treated as separate cases, which is pretty wild given so many of them had died from strangulation all within the same five mile radius, you know? Well you don't know, but now you know, and it's like these people are just idiots, but no connection, right? A month after he killed Vanessa, Henry was like way out of control.


On March 8th, 1994, he was desperately in search of cash for drugs. And so once again, he looked to his long list of friends and coworkers he might be able to exploit this time. He chose a friend's girlfriend, her name was Brandy Henderson. As usual, he showed up on her apartment doorstep with a sob story in hand, but it was his friend, Vernon Brandy's boyfriend that opened the door. This shook Henry. He wasn't prepared to be face to face with like an actual friend of his, instead of feeding Vernon the usual shit, Henry knew he needed to get out of there. So he made up a story about how he was about to leave town for a while and wanted to say goodbye, you know, nevermind that he'd shown up at Brandy's apartment to say goodbye to Vernon.


But before he left the complex, he had another idea. He wasn't brave enough to take on his friend and rob him, but he did know another woman who lived in the same apartment complex. Oh God, I know. So he went right down the hall to the apartment of Betty Boko, a coworker of his girlfriend's Henry knew that Betty was the assistant manager at her restaurant and thought that she might have the key to the restaurant safe. He knocked on the door and of course she recognized him and let him in. He asked to use her phone and I guess she wasn't looking. He caught her in his arms and demanded the code to the restaurant safe.


After she gave it to him, he choked her, raped her, and then strangled her, stealing her money, her jewelry, her tv, and her VCR, all of which he pawned the same day. Oh, and he stole her car. But I guess it wasn't enough because literally 12 hours later he was back at Brandy's apartment. By that time, he knew his friend Vernon would be at work and Brandy would be home alone in order to get around his life from earlier about going out of town. He told Brandy he was dropping something off for Vernon. And sadly, once he got inside, you know what happened? There was one thing he hadn't accounted for.


Brandy had a baby boy. Once Henry had brandy pinned down, he ordered her to give him whatever money she had. When she told him she didn't have anything, he was furious. And according to Henry, when he was preparing to rape her, Brandy kept asking over and over to hold her son. Henry told her no, but she just kept asking and asking and it must have gotten to him because according to the testimony he gave, he raped her and strangled her while she was holding her son in her arms. After he killed her, her son started crying and Henry didn't know what else to do. So he, oh my God, I'm so sorry, but like, this is a really bad story, but he ends up killing the baby too.


He like choked the baby. I'm sorry. Then he stole everything he could and ran. I know It was just such an awful story. It's such an awful story and it could have been prevented if the police weren't fucking idiots. So two days after Henry's little killing spree, the police finally all gathered together to compare their notes. I guess at this point they were getting, you know, a lot of pushback and they were getting kind of nervous. They were already in hot water with the public and the news of two more deaths wasn't going to make things any better. Luckily, they not only discovered the connection between Betty and Brandy, but they matched up their injuries with that of Vanessa Mack, one of Henry's previous victims. When they questioned each of those women's families, all three listed Henry as among the victim's friends.


And that got them started. Soon after they discovered that Shauna Hawk and Audrey Spain worked at the same Taco Bell. While Henry was a manager, they found out he was friends with Michelle Stinson, Valencia Jumper and Betty Bocal, and that the rest of his victims were either exes or friends of his girlfriend. Finally, they had a connection, something that undeniably linked a single man to nine cases. The only thing that police needed now was proof what you think would be easy, like fingerprints, something, right? DNA, I don't know, but I guess they were like hoping for a miracle, lucky for the police.


Henry was already making mistakes. Remember how he stole Betty's car after he murdered her? Well, the day after their big meeting, the police managed to locate the vehicle. But when they had gotten to where it was, they found that the whole thing had been wiped down, like the the interior, you know, to cover up any trace of fingerprints. Now, only thing was Henry had missed a spot. The only place that hadn't been wiped down was the lid of the car trunk. I mean, kind of makes sense. He had to transport the TVs he stole from Betty and Brandy's as well as everything else he took, and he probably just forgot that he'd used the trunk after he dumped the car.


And as luck would have it, they found just enough residue to pull prints from that trunk. The trunk lid and the fingerprints led them straight to Henry. Lewis Wallace. The same day the police were pouring over Betty's car for any trace of Henry. He was still looking for more. He met up with a former coworker of his girlfriend's who he knew like had smoked crack, and her name was Deborah Slaughter. I know what a last name, huh? He asked her to split the cost of buying some, but she told him that she needed the money for rent. I guess he didn't like that answer though, because shortly after he put a towel around her neck.


Only difference was that once he was trying to choke her, all the pieces came together for Deborah, she's like thinking, she's realizing shit and she's started accusing him of murdering Betty and Brandy, which I guess infuriated him. He then raped her and as she fought back and screamed for help, he took her own self-defense knife and stabbed her 38 times in her stomach and chest 38 times. Oh my gosh, this guy is completely off the rails. Holy shit. After that, he repeated his usual robbery routine, so he got away with one more murder, even as the police confirmed who he was and what he was doing. Finally, the next day on March 12th, 1994 at 5:00 PM Henry Lewis Wallace was arrested after he was found hiding out at a friend's house.


Just as Deborah's body was found and connected to him across town, Henry didn't waste much time after he was arrested, he was interrogated by an entire panel of men all at once rather than one-on-one before the night was out, he actually admitted to all nine of the murders we covered on top of admitting to killing of sex worker in 1992. I guess this happened before he killed Caroline Love. In the end, he admitted to killing these women for exactly what you think, like sex and drugs and because he's sick, I don't know. Yeah, I think we can agree. He's sick. Bailey, he killed a bunch of women. He was never satisfied whatever he got from his victims, he just wanted more and more, which when you see how his murders went from like months apart to weeks apart to his final three victims all dying in the span of four days, yeah, it checks out his addiction was getting worse and worse and worse and the drugs and the sex and just all of it.


In addition to his confession, Henry provided a detailed account of everyone he had killed to the police, which was recorded in its entirety. It's because of that recording that we have all these details, all these motivators and connections. He was eager to tell the police like what he had done after he confessed. He said that he felt quote, like a big burden had been lifted. End quote. Cool. Happy for you. I guess she Henry was found guilty of each of the nine deaths the police were able to investigate, as well as several rape and assault charges.


He wasn't charged for the sex worker that he admitted to have killed, but he did receive nine death sentences. He's currently awaiting an execution date at Central Prison in North Carolina. Since he's been there, though, he's admitted to even more. Apparently he admitted to killing women all the way back during his time in the Navy, according to one source. If all of his confessions since imprisonment have been true, Henry killed something like 20 people altogether, half of which would have been while he was in the Navy. And I mean he was arrested in 1994.


So if we go back to the year he joined the Navy in 1984 and count up all of his victims proven and otherwise, he may have like killed 20 women in half as many years completely like without anyone noticing. Well, almost. And that my friends is the awful story of Henry Lewis Wallace. Holy Tomato, right? I know, it's awful. So awful, so upsetting, deeply upsetting. It's like lock your doors and stuff. But at the same time, like he was going to people that he knew. So it's like, oh yeah, you just wanna talk like, yeah, come on in.


Oh, you're having girlfriend problems? Sure, let's talk about it. You know, just being nice and kind. And instead he mers and like rapes him. Like, oh, I hate this story. This guy's awful, awful. Yuck. Again, I never know how to end these. It's like, oh my god. Awful. Okay, bye. What do you even say? What do you even say? Rest in peace to all those, those victims, like it's so sad. Died for no reason, for like a tv. Like, ugh, my God, I can't, I'm not gonna be able to sleep. I. hope you have a good rest of your day. Be safe out there. Please be safe out there. But other than that, I, hope you have a good rest of your day.


You make good choices and I'll be talking to you guys later. Bye.