
This song goes out to my new Best pal PayPal. Now that I get 5% cash back with my PayPal debit card every month on the category, I choose my PayPal and I we're going everywhere together. 'cause I want to pay with you everywhere. I pay with PayPal at the shoe store, the Wind Chime store, the.com store, all the stores. Oh, ah, don't just pay PayPal Terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bay and Court Bank NA. Pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and today is Monday, which means it's murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. Hi If, you are new here. Hi, my name is Bailey. How's it going? And on Mondays I sit down and I talk about true crime story that's been heavy on my noggin and I do my Makeup at the same time. If you're interested in true crime and you like Makeup, I would say subscribe 'cause I'm here for you on Mondays. But other than that I'll get into today's story because this guy, he sucks and I've seen a lot of people talking about him because some of you all think that this man, this disgusting killer is hot.


People are like, oh my god, he is so hot. And it's like just 'cause he has his hair slicked back and some tattoos people think he's hot and it's like you guys get some standards. Get some standards, okay, you can do better than a killer. Okay? Alright, great. With that being said, we're talking about this guy, his name is Wade Steven Wilson. He was also called The Deadpool. Killer because his name is identical to that of the fictional anti-hero Deadpool whose real name is also Wade Wilson. Now what are the odds of that? Huh? Now Deadpool If you don't know is a character from like Marvel comics and this character is known for his chaotic, unpredictable nature.


And. he has like a tendency toward violence and like to be fair in a more humorous and exaggerated comic book fashion, it's supposed to be funny. The media likely used this moniker because of the name obviously, right? His name and the violent nature of Wade Steven Wilson's crimes. Now, unlike the fictional Deadpool Wade, Steven Wilson's actions were very real and devastating. I mean leading to tragic outcomes for his victims. So let me tell you about this guy Wade Steven Wilson. Now his story begins on May 20th, 1994.


His father, he was just like a teenager. I think he was 14 or 15 years old when he learned that his girlfriend was pregnant with Wade. And you know, they're young. So Wade's birth mom, she, I guess she had struggled with mental illness and possibly like addiction. So It was just like a rough start for Wade. That is. But Wade's path had changed when he was adopted by Candy and Steve Wilson, I guess like they were a super kind couple. They attended church with his birth mother and I think that's probably how they found each other, like his birth mom and the adopted parents. So Wade gets adopted and as a child, you know, they said Wade, he seems like any other kid, he liked to play sports, he attended church And, he did really well in school.


His parents remembered him as a good kid with a promising future, you know, but we're here So. what happened? Well I guess when Wade you know, approached his teenage years, a lot of things started to change. So around the age of 13, weight started showing troubling signs of like mental instability. So he started to become reclusive. He was paranoid, he was moody and you know, whenever he would go to school he would cause disruptions in class. He was that kid. So his family, they're seeing these changes, you know, and it's concerning to them. I like, I don't have like great examples here, but it was concerning enough that they wanted to get him mental health care because they believed that he like really needed it.


But Wade being the teenager that he was, he just, he didn't want it. He didn't want the help.


You know that sound, it's the sweet sound of another sale on your Shopify store. But did you know Shopify can power your in-person sales too? That's right. Shopify is the sound of selling everywhere online, in store, on social media and beyond. Imagine this customers are rushing to your store, whether it's online or at your physical location. Do you have a point of sale system that you can trust? Well, if not, it might be time for an upgrade With Shopify, you get a command center for your retail store that does it all. Accepting payments, managing inventory, tracking sales, all in one place. Shopify is a powerhouse selling partner that seamlessly unites your in-person and online sales into one easy to manage dashboard. Plus Shopify helps you connect with customers both inline and online with tools that make marketing on platforms like TikTok and Instagram a breeze. So whether you wanna take payments by smartphone, turn your tablet into a point of sale system or use Shopify's POS Go mobile device with Shopify, you've got a team behind you every step of the way. So do retail right with Shopify, head to Shopify and see how you can take your business to the next level, both online and in store. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash Makeup. The Makeup is all lowercase, okay? So you go to shopify.com/ Makeup to take your retail business to the next level today, shopify.com/ Makeup.


So when he was like 15 or 16 years old, the family, they felt like they had no other option but to invoke the Baker Act. So this is a Florida law and it's officially known as the Florida Mental Health Act of 1971. And this allows for emergency mental health services and temporary detention for individuals who are unable to determine their need for treatment due to mental illness. I mean this is just my own personal opinion, I don't know, it must have been concerning enough for them to like, you know, get the him this type of help. So as a part of this act, Wade was held for no more than 72 hours to assess his mental state and then they go from there.


They either give you more treatment, they give you medication, they give you whatever, but they determine in those 72 hours what's wrong. Now it's possible that these mental health issues were actually made worse by drug use. It's believed he started dabbling with, you know, the hoo haws, whatever the hoo haws are. It's also believed that the changes in Wade's mental health may have been influenced by several concussions he got while he was playing sports. And then it was made worse when he started doing drugs. So he just, it was not the right combination for him. So in 2012 after turning 18 Wade, he decided to reconnect with his biological father.


His name's Steven Teca. I tried, but his name is Steven And. he lived in Lakeland, Florida. So they get in touch and they kind of stay in touch on and off for like the next few years, but it doesn't really seem like they got like that close. But regardless, they were in touch. He re connects with his dad, he's an adult now, which sucks because now he's, when he is getting in trouble, he is getting like arrested and building a record. You know, during this time Wade got into trouble with the loss several times for theft of property and even assault. I was trying to find out more information about this because I was like, this is kind of bizarre, but I don't know, Wade's adopted parents, they like challenged these charges and they ended up taking it to court and they won their case, which led to Wade's charges being dropped.


So Wade, I guess also during this time he has a daughter, but like there's really not much else known about that. So in late 2018, Wade started dating a woman named Kelly in Palm Beach County, Florida. Now it was said that Wade, you know, he's tall, he's handsome, he is charismatic And, he has like tattoos, he has a lot of tattoos and at this time when they started dating in 2018, like they weren't that noticeable. Like they weren't what you see now, you know? So he was attractive And, he, it was, it was easy to like the guy. So Kelly, I guess she knew him by his middle name, which was Steven.


And they seemed happy at first. You know, the first few months are going great, they end up moving in together in living in Lake Worth, Florida and everything seemed fine. And she said that there seemed to be like no red flags that is until Wade was arrested in January of 2019 for grand theft and dealing in stolen property. So there's your red flag girl after his release from jail, I guess Wade and Kelly got back together, but things like quickly went downhill. Wade, he started using drugs I think specifically like at first cocaine, which Kelly at the time, she like didn't realize at first that he was using drugs 'cause she didn't have any experience with drugs.


She didn't use drugs herself. She said that like in the past she tried marijuana, but like it wasn't a fun experience. She had a panic attack. So she just kind of never dabbled. So she didn't really know like what the signs were I guess. But eventually I guess she was like looking through her stuff and she found evidence of a makeshift crack pipe. So she finds this makeshift crack pipe and she has a feeling that it's drug related. She doesn't know, she's not sure. So she takes a photo of it and I guess she posts it on Reddit and she asked like on Reddit, like what is this? She had a feeling but she wasn't sure and people had responded that it was indeed a DIY crack pipe.


So not great. So the relationship became strained with arguments that sometimes got intense. She said it never got physical until one day when Kelly tried to search his backpack for drugs. She's just check in, you know? And Wade kind of found out And, he got really pissed. So she was in like a room with the door shut and I guess he kicked in the door and hit her or attacked her and then she threw a table at him. Not great, but this is like the first time things got physical between them. And then things really seemed to get worse from here. So I guess at this point Wade started to steal from Kelly.


I guess he like stole her gun and then he ran away to Texas and like didn't even tell her Kelly, she had reported this to the police because he stole her gun, you know? But like nothing came of it. They did nothing really despite their issues. They made up several times because as Kelly admitted, this is what she said, this guy's hot and I'll do anything to keep him around. Now you can judge. But there's a lot of people in that situation where you're just like, you don't have any self-worth, you know? And you're like, well this guy's hot and I'll never get someone hot so I'll just put up with it. But really once you get away from it, that's when you realize like, oh crap, what was I doing?


I get it. I'm not judging. I mean she said that, you know, she was stupid but at the time she was just not making good choices. But letting him back into her life, she later realized was just a huge mistake.


Let's talk Makeup for a second. Whether you're all about fresh faced beauty, full glam or something in between. We all know the power of a good mascara, huh? I mean If, you know me, you know, I love experimenting with different looks, but I also have my go-to products that I just can't live without. And one of those is Thrive Cosmetics, viral tubing, mascara. You know the one in the turquoise tube that's been all over your social media feeds? Yeah, it's no wonder their bestselling products have thousands of five star reviews. What I love most about Thrive Cosmetics is that their products are 100% vegan, cruelty free and free of parabens, sulfates or Phalates Plus. I love that they give back to communities with every product purchased they donate to causes supporting those impacted by cancer, domestic abuse and veteran and education organizations. Now one of their new products that I'm really liking is their new Empower Mat Precision Lipstick Crayon. Now this little gem is a two in one lipstick and liner, which makes it so easy to like get that perfect pout in just one step. It's waterproof, sweat proof, and lasts up to 12 hours without feeling dry or flaky. It glides on so smoothly and like gives my lips this bold velvety finish That's beautiful every time. I love it. And then of course, like whenever I wear their liquid lash extensions mascara, I get asked like all the time, what mascara are you using? And I'm like, oh my god, let me tell you. Oh, but it gives my lashes like this incredible length and volume. Plus it's really easy to remove just a little warm water and it slides right off. But like it won't smudge throughout the day. So if your Makeup routine could use a little refresh or If, you just wanna try some high performance products that give back, check out Thrive Cosmetics, refresh your everyday look with Thrive Cosmetics Beauty that gives back Right. now you can get an exclusive 20% off your first order at thrive cosmetics.com/ Makeup. That's Thrive Cosmetics, C-A-U-S-E, M E TIC s.com/ Makeup for 20% off your first order.


On February 18th, 2019, Wade's behavior took a terrifying turn. Wade and Kelly got into like some kind of heated argument. Somehow it leads to Wade kidnapping Kelly. He threw her into the trunk of her own car and then drove to the Florida Keys, which was about three and a half hours away with her in the trunk. During this, he like beat and sexually assaulted her. He blinded her up with her own clothes. He stuffed leggings in her mouth to gag her. It was pretty intense. At some point he like bit her lower face, he scratched her neck and apparently in the struggle to get her into the trunk of the car, he broke her foot by slamming like the door on it.


So he is got her in like the trunk, whatever, and he's driving like recklessly down the I 95, allegedly. He's like speeding, weaving through traffic, driving like a psycho during the drive. I mean it's three and a half hours. At some point he got hungry so he pulled into a McDonald's drive through and ordered food with her. Still in the trunk. She's Luis. So inside the car, Wade had disabled the OnStar system. You know that little thing that you talked to OnStar, is that still in cars? I forgot about that. I don't have OnStar, I have a Kia, but just in case like, you know, she tried to, I don't know, take it like use it, talked to it and then I guess he like took her phone and quickly sold it for crack.


And then when they reached the keys, it was like around 4:00 AM Wade had met up with another woman, And, he let Kelly go, thank God, right? He lets her go. I guess he gave her the keys to the car so she could drive back that part. I was like, what? Okay, I mean I'll take it. It's better than him going psycho and doing something crazy, you know? But okay, so Kelly, she drives back to Palm Beach County and she went straight to the hospital. The hospital, you know, they, they documented the lacerations on her wrist, the bite marks. She had a busted lip and then they took a sexual assault kit. Now after this Kelly, she wanted to press charges.


But based off of what I, my understanding, it seems like the police out there are freaking idiots because like either the evidence was lost, ignored, or somehow insufficient and like nothing came of it. Which makes no sense because she had all these documents showing that like what he did to her, Kelly kept some of like the photos of her injuries on her phone, but police were unable to locate the photos that they had taken at the hospital. Like they took photos and stuff and then they just like deleted them. They're literally so dumb. This whole story is about how dumb these police are. Sorry, but they are, the case ended up becoming inactive because there were no witnesses and technically 'cause they lost it all, no evidence.


And I guess at some point they did go to Wade and they questioned him about these allegations and Wade told police that he had tied Kelly up in the back of her car because she was quote into that kind of thing. So after that, like police were like, well, all right, well okay, checks out. And that was it. So after the incident, Kelly and Wade, I believe they officially like ended it pretty positive. But you know, for Wade he continued on with his violent behavior. It was said that he dated like several other women where he like had abused them or this was violent.


You know, when I was reading about this, they said that at some point, allegedly he may have dated a guy and at some point he had stabbed this guy. It's not funny, it's just like awkward. 'cause that was all the information I could find. So like he may have dated a guy and stabbed him and then moving on it was like, okay, all right. What was that about though? Just not any information I could find. So by October of 2019, Wade was dating a woman named Melissa Montana. And just follow me on this journey because I had a lot of questions. I was like, what? This doesn't make sense, but just this is what happened.


Okay, on October 6th, Wade and Melissa, they, they're dating, they decided to go out to the club in Fort Myers and it's called Buddha Live. And while they're there Wade, he meets this guy named Jason Shepherd. Now, I guess they did not know each other before this evening, Jason and Wade, but the two seemed to hit it off. I'm sure it's something drug related in my opinion. Allegedly, I don't know. But like Jason, this Jason Guy, he invites Wade and Melissa back to his place. Melissa's like, I don't wanna go. Like, I don't know this guy. I, I don't wanna go.


So she's like, no, I'm not going. Well Wade, he really wanted to go And. he did not like her answer. So he's like, you know what? Fine And, he ends up taking Melissa's car and like technically stealing it. So he steals her car and then he meets up with this woman named Christine Melton and her friend Stephanie Johnston. But Wade introduced himself as junior to the Stephanie girl 'cause he didn't know that Stephanie girl, he knew Christine. Not sure how they knew each other, but whatever that happened, it was said that Christine had been, well, Christine and Wade, they had been attracted to one another and were quote unquote intimate


Plug in a Hyundai ev. And the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 ix, five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Iion X six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual for complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo, no making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down, right? And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family.


And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael ura podcast network. Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower ionic five n. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure.


They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 i five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owners manual for complete warranty. Details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Stay farm and DJ Dramas from life as a gringo, no making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow.


Tackle these situations in stride and and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down, right? And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things.


Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. So the next morning he likes stays at night probably I'm assuming here maybe doing drugs. I don't know. The next morning Wade tried to drive Christine and Stephanie back to Cape Coral where Christine had lived, I guess what was said, like he was having a really hard time driving the car he had stolen because it was manual and it wasn't an automatic. So he's like, you know, we trying to shift and, and it's not going so well for him, but they get to Christine's house a little later than they had planned and Stephanie the friend, she's like, Hey, I gotta go, I gotta take my kid to school and then I gotta go to work.


So she leaves. So we don't really know what went down but something, something went down because what we do know is that shortly after Stephanie left Wade strangled Christine to death. I know, I was like, what? He like tied her up with her own clothes, strangles her and then he left the crime scene. And, he takes Christine's car because he hates that other one that he has to shift with. So he steals her car and then Wade, he makes a phone call to his girlfriend Melissa around 8:00 AM So at first like Melissa's not answering and then about an hour goes by and Wade I guess is still calling her and Melissa answers and like obviously she's pissed, right?


She's, she's like, what the f So they have like a pretty heated argument over Wade sealing her car And. he then drives to her workplace and it was in like downtown for Myers and he's driving Christine's black Nissan Versa. So he gets to technically his girlfriend's place of work. When he got there, he like tries to drag Melissa into the car and she's resisting. So then he tackles her, he beats her, he chokes her, he then drags her up the stairs to her business, pins her against the wall by her throat. So awful, right?


So I guess once he's got her pinned he's like, he's punching her in the face and just beating her. And I guess he punches her hard enough that she actually starts to bleed pretty heavily. And this kind of caught him off guard. I think it was like a moment where he maybe came, came back to reality, had like a moment of clarity 'cause he's like, oh shit. So he pauses but this pause gave Melissa a chance to like duck under his arm and escape. So she takes off and she like locks herself in a room I think it was. But she gets away. So when she gets away, Wade just decides to get back in that Nissan and drive off Wade's violent spree didn't end there.


He returned to Cape Coral sometime between nine 30 and 11:00 AM So when he is driving, this is when he spots a woman named Diane Ruiz. She's walking to work at the Moose Lodge and I guess Wade spots her And. he like pulls over And. he is like, Hey, I need directions, can you help me? I don't know, he somehow convinces her to like get into the car with him and help him. So she does. So he gets her into the car and then after that, Wade then strangles her and then he goes to like an empty parking lot. It's like near a Sam's Club where he tosses her out of the vehicle. And I guess after that he realizes that she's still, she's still alive and she's breathing.


So Wade then ran over her multiple times. You know, he backed up, went forward back to, he did that until quote, she looked like spaghetti. Now this was according to like an interview he did with detectives, not at a Sam's Club. Now it's not clear to anyone as to why Wade had killed Diane. There's speculation, you know, many believe like it was because he, he wanted money to like try and get outta town. So he was like gonna rob her or something. But again, it's just unclear. Now at this time, police, they were looking for Wade because of the attack on Melissa.


She had gone like called police, you know she was attacked, right? So they're looking for him and that's when they find him. He's parked in the car shirtless outta Joe's Crab Shack in that stolen black Nissan. So police approach him, they go up to him and again, the police, they're just dumb. I don't, they're walking up to his vehicle and I guess Wade just like sees them And, he rolls up the window and then he just drives away. He literally just drove away and they're like, well we tried. Yeah, they didn't even go after him. They just let him go. So bizarre. So Wade takes off, maybe he is getting a little paranoid knowing that the police are kind of like they're getting close, right?


So he's driving And, he spots a home that seems to be empty. Now he breaks into this home by removing the screen and glass from the window And he is able to get in. The owners, they were out of town. So it was like, okay, good guess. And when he is inside he, he drank several white claws from the fridge. He ate some food and then he even like changed his clothes. He then contacts his biological father. He calls him up Steven. And I guess he breaks down according to his father Steven, when Wade had contacted him, he said that he needed help with something, something he had done and couldn't take back.


Wade went on to say that they were two people gone and that they would not be back ending the call with like, I'm a killer. If you're on the phone and someone says that, what are you gonna do? I don't know, I'm being wrong number. So his father, Steven said like at first he didn't believe him because Wade was a bit of a storyteller, you know, but Wade had like continued to describe to his father like what had happened, saying that he had quote choked that bitch and that he quote stayed in the house a while, rolled her up and was going to try to put her in her trunk but he couldn't lift her. And that he felt like the rigor Mortis had like started to set in and quote Steven later told investigators that his son didn't seem to show like any remorse.


And when he was on the phone with him, he actually kind of sounded excited. Oh God, I know Wade I guess was originally calling his dad to ask if his, if his dad could like call and get him an Uber out of town. So Steven had asked Wade like, okay, yeah, like what's your location? You know like send it to me and I'll get you an Uber. But instead of you know, sending that location to get him an Uber, he actually sends the address to the US Marshals good for him. You know, Steven later said that he felt a little conflicted, you know, about turning Wade in. He knew it was the right decision because most likely Wade would do it again.


But you know, it's your kid. I'm sure it's very confusing. That same afternoon, Christine's friend, she was contacted by the police about finding they had found her car and she felt like something was up. She's like, somebody's gotta be wrong. So fearing for her, her wellbeing, Cape Coral police, they forced their way into her home. That's when they see like a large bundle of bedding and clothing and the hallway near a bedroom. And like when they look inside, it was Christine's body. So police like did not initially connect Diane to Wade, but she was reported missing like not long after 'cause she didn't show up to work and no one had known like where she went, right?


So she was reported missing. And then on October 8th, police, they had searched the, like this wooded area where Diane was last seen walking to work. But you know, it led them nowhere. By the next day it became clear to police, well based off of Wade's father's testimony, that Wade was responsible for Diane's disappearance on October 10th, police had checked the empty parking lot near the Sam's Club because they actually police say noticed like a vulture was circling the area or no. I was like, okay, vulture putting the pieces together there, but they see this vulture and they're like, we should go over there.


And when they got there, that's when they found Diane's body. So on November 19th, 2019, Wade Wilson was being charged with premeditated murder of the two women. So Wade, he gave like different interviews where he argued that he did not kill them, but then he did interviews with police And. he told them that, okay, maybe I killed them. So I was like, okay. His defense later would argue that like he was heavily drugged or as his attorney told the court, he was whacked out of his mind. That's why he did it on September 20th, 2020 while awaiting trial.


Stupid ass wade over here. He tried to escape from prison, it didn't work. Wade and his cellmate, they had planned like a hole escape planning. No. And they even arranged for a car to come pick them up around like 2:00 AM the next morning. They were like, we're gonna do it. Well I guess the deputies, they were tipped off about the plan and so they went to check weight cell and while they were there they found that the window had been tampered with, the metal frame had been removed and there were several cracks in the security glass. It was said that Wade most likely would not have been able to escape because even with the glass removed it would've been impossible for him to fit through the window.


So they were like, we don't even know what these guys were thinking. So now on top of everything else, he was also being charged with attempted escape and criminal mischief. Now during his time in prison, Wade had apparently joined the white supremacist gang, the Unforgiven. So this gang is primarily based in Florida and like its main symbol is like an Iron Cross interlinked with a swastika and a Nazi Ss in the center. So that's great. And as a member of the gang, Wade also received several face tattoos. This is where he gets like fucking covered.


Okay? And like all of the tattoos are just straight up racist and like there's not much else you could say about it and it's just gross. So while in in prison, he got like numerous face tattoos, neck tattoos, And. he honestly looks like the Dollar Tree version of the Joker, which is actually really fitting because he got why so serious and ha ha ha tattooed around his left eye. Yeah. Now Wade's attorney first had asked him like, Hey, maybe you can cover up those tattoos with Makeup in court, you know, but then he realized that Makeup was not going to cover the tattoos. So the attorney was like, okay, we'll work with it. It'll help us argue for insanity.


Yeah, covering tattoos is not easy. So wage trial had started on June 10th, 2024 And. he was being charged with first degree murder of Christine Melton, grand theft battery, first degree murder of Diane Ruiz, burglary and theft. Wade exercised his Fifth Amendment rights, And, he decided not to testify. What was he gonna say? But tons of witnesses came forward with their testimony of what happened that night. And you know, all signs are pointing to guilty. So after two hours of deliberation, the jury found that Wade was guilty on all six counts.


So nine out of the 12 jurors they had recommended that Wade be put to death and Florida only requires eight out of the 12 jurors to recommend a death sentence. So he qualifies the sentencing for Wade Wilson is scheduled for August 27th, 2024. So coming up, but he's been asking for like a new trial. He was arguing that the state did not sufficiently prove that Wade had possession of Christine's car. Okay? Alright, alright. Okay. Alright. You know also on top of that, Wade might not even get the death penalty because like this whole law about having eight out of 12 jurors recommend a death sentence.


It got passed after Wade was charged with his crimes. So they think this might cause like a a holdup. We'll see, we'll see. Hey guys, just popping in here for a really quick update about Wade Wilson. So as I left off in that episode, he was awaiting sentencing, but if you've been following it, then you saw that, you know, he got his sentencing. And Wade Wilson, the guy in Florida, has been sentenced to death Now, did we see that coming? Yes, we did. Are you surprised? No, we're not. So he will be spending the rest of his life in, lemme look at my paper.


Oh, just Florida. Just Florida. He's gonna be in Florida and one of the prisons down there, you know, for the rest of his life until he gets up put down. So good luck to him, huh? And all those dumb ladies who keep sending their little love letters to him do better. You deserve better, you are better and you can get better. So stop throwing yourself at this disgusting troll. Oh God, how embarrassing for you. So that is the way Steven Wilson case, he's not hot, he's disgusting and I hope he stays locked up forever. Sorry, I. hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. You be safe out there please. And you make good choices.


And I will be seeing you guys later. Bye.


Would you believe us if we told you our podcast is haunted? We Didn't intend for this to happen. No, we did not. But apparently spirits like listening to ghost stories too. We bring you the creepiest, most unusual and sometimes heartwarming encounters with the paranormal stories. So chilling and so shocking that even the spirits can't help but hop on our mics and give us an occasional EVP, But we aren't the only haunted ones. Listeners of this podcast report increased levels of paranormal activity. Our podcast brings all the ghosts to the yard and hopefully it brings you two tune into two girls, one ghost, wherever you listen to podcasts. It's the most haunted podcast in America. Very spooky. Oh.