
Hi friends, how are you today? Hi, how's it going? I hope you're having a wonderful day so far. My name is Bailey Sarian and today's Monday, which means it's murder Mystery and Makeup Monday If you are new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and every Monday I sit down and I talk about true crime story that's been heavy on my noggin and I do my makeup at the same time. But other than that I will shut up and get into today's story because today we are going to the heart of Bradford England. Oh yes, it was a city once known for its rich history and industrious spirit where a sinister shadow lurked around Steven Griffith.


Do you know him? Well, lemme tell you. He was a PhD Student and a criminology scholar and he harbored a very dark secret. Now, the year 2009, women began like disappearing without like a trace. They were just vanishing into the night. But it wasn't until the disturbing discovery in the murky waters of the river air that the true horror horror began to surface. Well, who was the Stephen Griffith guy and what drove him to commit such heinous acts and like how did he even evade suspicion for as long as he did? Well that my friends is where I'm gonna tell you everything because this man was something else.


Steven, Sean Griffiths was born on Christmas Eve, kind of cute on. So December 24th, 1969 in Dewsbury West riding of Yorkshire, England. I know a name West Riding of Yorkshire, England. So I guess his father, I don't know, some people said he was a fisherman. Some said that he was a frozen food salesman. But either way, that was his dad. He was working a lot. His mother was Moira de worst, which is kind of funny 'cause she is day worst. You get it? No. Okay. Moira, she was a phone switchboard operator. So back in the day, you know switchboard operators, they would connect calls by inserting a pair of like phone plugs into the appropriate jacks.


Steven, he had two siblings, Caroline and Philip. And they were born in like 1972 and 1976. So Steven was the oldest and you can't really say that the family was close. It kind of seems like everyone kept to themselves but I also wasn't there so I don't really know. You know, what we do know is that his parents had divorce when Steven was 13 and the kids all like went to live with their mother. Now Moira, she got caught and arrested for like fraud. She was playing the system a bit. She was lying to receive certain like government benefits. So she got caught and she got arrested for this and she ended up spending some time in prison. The family, you know, they had their financial struggles but Steven's father, he, when they were separated he had like saved every penny and he ended up sending Steven to Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, which is like a private boarding school in Wakefield.


And this had me thinking because like they must have saw something in Steven like he must have been really smart or something. 'cause they wanted to send him to this private boarding school for like smarties. So maybe he showed just signs of like being a smart guy. He's a smart guy. This private school, another Serial Killer had gone to Queen Elizabeth Grammar school. Just like a funny coincidence I guess. But it was this guy, he went by the acid bath murderer. It's this guy named John a Serial Killer. But he went to that school as well. They didn't cross paths but they like both went there. Just a fun fact, I guess, I don't know. It was said that during his time at Queen Elizabeth that his pattern of like strange behavior kind of started to show he was a little different.


There was this one guy, his name was Martin and he was one of Steven's classmates. But he would later say like in an interview that Steven would carry around a briefcase at school and inside the briefcase he always had a knife. I dunno, Martin would say that Steven was like fascinated by Marshall Arts magazines and also weapons. And another classmate described Steven as a bit of a nutter going on to say that he liked skinning birds and doing things to animals. So to some people Steven like stood out as a bit of an oddball, I guess you could say right In 1986 when Steven was 17, he ends up leaving school and he goes back to live with his mom.


The daily male had reported that his mom was quite promiscuous and that she would have men over all of the time. And it was said that she would take them into like the backyard in like their garden area and have sexual relations with them in like full view of the neighbors. What's that called? An exhibitionist. Maybe she was that either way this seemed to really upset Steven, right? He was like seeing men constantly coming and going. His mom seemed to be choosing men over the family and it was said that he started to kind of like resent his mom. During this time it was said like throughout his upbringing, Steven was treated by different psychiatrists at three different hospitals. Again, unsure what led to these visits.


Like if they saw something in him, what I don't know. But what we do know is that psychiatrist, after giving him medication, they had made notes like in his file saying like he's a dangerous man. And like that was about about it. They just made that note in his file. It's like okay great. And then in June of 1987 when Steven was 18, he was caught shoplifting at a a local supermarket. And when he was confronted he took out, you know, his knife that he liked to carry around and he slashed the manager's face. This led to his arrest where he was sentenced to three years in youth custody.


You know that feeling when you're deep in a steamy, sultry romance novel and everything else just like disappears, like your phone's ringing the laundry's on fire but you don't care because two people just made eye contact across a foggy field and the tension, you're just feeling it, the romance. Oh yeah, you're just deep in it, you don't care, you know? Well that is exactly what Dipsey gives you. Dipsey is this audio app that's all about immersive stories made by women for women. They have over a thousand spicy audio books all crafted by a team of professional writers and top tier narrators. And listen, there's something for everyone, okay? We're not judging 'cause they have it for you. Oh, lemme tell you whether you're into historical romance, contemporary, dark western, giddy up sports, academia, I mean whatever floats your boat, they got it. And you can even search by genre in the app. Well they make it a little too easy. I'm like, dinosaur dragon man. Yep, they got that Minar. I'm super into that. Look that up. My favorite part is that new chapters are released every week. So you'll never run outta reasons to slip away for a little you time, you know what I'm saying? Download the Dipsy app today and let your imagination get a little wild. You deserve it. Right now you can get a 30 day free trial PLUS 25% off your annual subscription when you go to dipsey stories.com/makeup. That's dipsey D-I-P-S-E-A stories.com/makeup for 30 free days and 25% off your subscription dipsey stories.com/makeup.


So while in custody, Steven told probation officers and psychiatrists that he fantasized about being a Serial Killer. I know he told, he said this out loud, you know, most people keep it in their head, but he was like, yeah, this is my goals and dreams in life. Like that would be great. So with these hopes and dreams, he was released from custody the following year. You'd think that they'd make a little note in his file saying like, you know, he dreams of being a Serial Killer, maybe let's keep an eye on this one. But they didn't. So once he was out at this point, Steven had cut, like completely cut contact with his family and was ready to like just move on with his life.


So he was able to get a flat in Manningham with different grants and like government assistance programs. And while living there, he attended Bradford College, their psychology program in 1988. So then in September of 1989, Steven, he gets in trouble again. He was using I guess an illegal air pistol to shoot birds. He would go get them after he shot them and then dissect them. Well he got caught for this, you know, and then he ended up getting sentenced to 100 hours of community service. He would be sent to Rampton Hospital where he was diagnosed with a personality disorder as well as sadistic and schizoid psychopathy nailed it.


His psychiatric report described him as having a quote preoccupation with murder, particularly multiple murder. Like okay great, he sounds promising. The following year Steven is given a two year prison sentence. After he was holding, he like got caught holding a knife to a girl's throat and you know, I couldn't find any information about this. It was just like this happened and he ended up serving a sentence at Leeds Prison. So I feel like, you know, all the red flags have been there for quite some time now, you know, so he gets released from Leeds prison in like 1993 and you know, he's still very fascinated with serial killers and this leads him to just buying like a bunch of books and wanting to learn more about different killers.


So you know, he could study them more efficiently. He was, I guess really into like Jack the Ripper, the Moores murderers, the acid bath murderer. And one of his personal favorites was like the Yorkshire Ripper. He really liked new Yorkshire Ripper because like he killed a lot of women and also he was local to the area that Steven had lived in. So Steven's like, yeah, that's him jacking it to these killers. Then in 1996, at the age of 27, Steven had moved into a one bedroom flat in Homefield court and this was like a, a housing association complex.


Now his place was right on the edge of Bradford's red light District and it was known for being a spot where like sex workers would hang out and you know, walk along this area. It's like th Thornton Road and they'd be there like every day when Steven moves here, he's still in school and he seems to be doing really well. Like he's really smart. This guy, he had really high grades, he was excelling. And I guess in the fall of like 1997, Steven begins pursuing a bachelor's degree in psychology at Leeds University. So while he is there, he meets a girl and the two of them start dating. Her name is Zeta.


It was sent that he would usually go over to her place, you know, like three or four times a week and that he would like never invite her back to his place. Now if you're dating someone and they don't invite you back to their place, usually it's like, oh you must live with your parents or something, right? Wow. It was more than that. But according to Zeta, Steven would experience like sexual difficulties and she said that he was just like straight up odd at times. Like he would get angry if she ever touched his hair and that Steven was so afraid that insects or spiders would get into his ears at night that he would like plug them with cotton wool before bed.


But listen, like on Tik, the algorithm, you know, just it, I don't know, but it's been showing me videos lately of people like cleaning out their ears and like a big old spider comes out. So like I kind of get it because after seeing those tiktoks I was like, I should wear earplugs. I wanted to die. It was so gross. Who? But Steven was like super paranoid about it. She was like, okay, okay. So the two of them are dating for like two years and she still hasn't been over to his place. So it's like okay, like when are you gonna invite me over to your place? Like do you even have a place you live on the corner somewhere? Like, I don't know, like it's kind of weird, right? So he finally invites her over to his place.


So she said that when she walked in that her jaw just dropped because she said that his flat was horrific and very scary. She said that when he walked in, first of all she would look to like her write or something and there was a bookcase and it was filled with different horror books on just different serial killers. And you know, at the time you gotta think about this, this is like pre-internet and all that stuff. Like it's gotta be a little, it was a little weird. It was like, what? What is that? And then she also said that there was a ton of quote horrific video nasties. I know I didn't know what that meant exactly, but it was, it was, she didn't like it.


She didn't like it. So she sees all that and she's like, oh my god, okay, I thought you liked psychology or whatever. She also said that on every single surface in the flat it was covered in plastic. Plastic. Even the carpets like everything was covered in plastic because Steven was apparently a bit of a neat freak. She's like okay, this is so cool. Wow. So she said that when she got to his place, obviously like she was feeling uneasy, she was feeling unsafe and she kind of just had that like gut feeling of like I need to get the F outta here. So she tells Steven like, I don't feel well, can you please take me home?


And he does. She had to get out of there like asap. And then soon after this she broke up with him and good thing, good thing. So I guess after this, you know, Steven had like various different girlfriends and he was just not ideal. It was said that he was very controlling. He would like make the girlfriends cut out all of their friends and families. He would stalk them, he would harass them, beat them. And it was said like at times he would spike their drinks with different drugs and then you know, would do whatever he wanted with them. So what I'm getting at is that he was just awful to these women. There was one girlfriend specifically that had broke up with him and he had stalked and harassed her like pretty badly and she had even gone to the police but like nothing, nothing came of it.


Steven would like go to her place and spray paint bad words on her walls. He would leave these like super long creepy voicemails. There was like one voicemail recording where he's like, I'm not going away. And then he laughs like a psycho, I'm not gonna go away. So I guess you'd better, It's like a cartoon evil villain laugh. It's a performance, it's a performance. But he was awful. So he is doing this and I think eventually he just realizes he's not really, I don't know, maybe he get, maybe he gets bored because eventually he starts leaving his exes alone. Maybe it was getting old and he was over it.


But now he got into something new. He had a new hobby and it was lizards and snakes. I know very random. I was like what? I was a sharp left lizards and snakes. He got into reptiles and it was said that he would carry a few of them like in his, in his backpack because it was a good way to, to talk to people. I could see that like If you pull out a snake or like a big lizard or something, people are gonna be like, whoa man, that's cool. Maybe I don't know I'd run but just me. So this was his new hobby lizards, snakes, his neighbors in the Bradford apartment building. They initially thought Steven was just like a little weird boy, you know like nothing major, like he's just a weirdo.


They gave him the nickname Lizard man. Oh yeah. Because they would watch him or see him outside taking his lizards on walks. Yes, he had the lizards on leashes and he would take them on walks. I was very interested in this. I was like, tell me more. Do they walk fast? Do they run like what? What kind of leash? But he was doing this and his neighbors were like, that guy's weird. During his walks, Steven Oy had like his hair slicked back. He would have his sunglasses on and he would wear like a long black coat no matter what the weather. I guess Steven at this point was like in his goth phase all black. Sometimes if his hair wasn't slicked back it would be spiked.


He'd be wearing makeup and it was different for the community that he lived in. And again he was just seen as like a weird boy.


You know, I live a good Mystery but one Mystery I did not expect to ever solve was figuring out where all my money was going. Every month I downloaded Rocket money and within minutes I was like wait a second, am I still paying for a meditation app I used one time at the beginning of COVID? Well apparently the answer was yes I was. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills So you can grow your savings. I love that it shows all my subscriptions in one place and actually alerts me when prices go up. It found a duplicate subscription I was paying for and honestly I would've never caught that. Hey and everyone is using it. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the apps premium features. So if you're like me and you wanna be in control of your wallet without feeling overwhelmed, rocket money is such a helpful tool and who knows, maybe they can help you solve a financial Mystery. Dun dun, cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter my show name, Murder Mystery and Makeup in the survey so they know I sent you. Yeah, so don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from my show. Thank you so much. Goodbye.


So Steven, I guess he like never, he never worked. He didn't have to, he was living on benefits and different grants and then he was going to school. So if he wasn't doing that going to school or stalking his girlfriends or walking his lizards, he was spending his free time on MySpace. On MySpace. He went by the name Ven Pariah and many think he got the name Ven from the second half of his name Steven, you get it. And then Pariah meaning like an outcast if he wasn't on MySpace being weird, he was being weird by like downloading violent pornography for his own pleasure. Yes, he was a little weird boy but he still managed to like graduate with a bachelor of science in psychology from Leeds University in 2003.


And in 2009 Steven was admitted to the University of Bradford to write a PhD in homicide studies. He was researching murders in Bradford in the 19th century for his thesis at the time of his crimes. And again like he was really smart, he was always at like the top of his, of his class and to damn shame. So then on June 22nd, 2009, 43-year-old Susan Rushworth disappeared. Susan had first married in her early twenties and had two kids and it was said like by all accounts she had a good life. And then after she and her first husband divorced, Susan would find a love again and would go on to you know, have another child.


But I guess when this second relationship had ended she you know, met a new guy and this new guy had introduced her to heroin. Not great Susan's mother grew like very concerned for her daughter and she tried to help her go to rehab, which was successful for a few months. But then Susan found herself drawn back to the drug again and you know, so began a cycle of addiction and trying to get clean. At one point Susan became a sex worker to help, you know, pay for her addiction and the day of her disappearance, she was on her way to the pharmacy and she was last seen in Manningham area getting off the bus around 12:00 PM Now when she had gone missing police, it's not like they didn't do anything, they, they actually like interviewed potential witnesses.


They had searched nearby woodlands, they drained a local lake but there were no leads in the search for for Susan. And it just went like no nowhere. But then about 10 months after her disappearance, another woman would go missing in the area. Shelly Armitage was a bubbly girl who grew up attending Catholic school. There's photos from her family's like beach vacation that show her it's to be like a carefree soul. As a young child, Shelly wanted to be a model and travel the world, but sadly she became addicted to heroin at just the age of 16.


And you know, she would struggle on and off with her addiction. And by the age of 31, Shelly had disappeared. She was last seen on April 26th, 2010. It was like around lunchtime on April 26th. And she had bumped into her parents while they were out shopping. Little did they know like this would actually be the last time that they would see their, their daughter see and talk to her 'cause they stopped and like talked and then they went on their way and like this would be the last time they saw her at 7:00 PM that evening, Shelly had left her flat with a friend and had they, the two of them had dinner before walking toward Sunbridge Road and Rebecca Street to quote go on the beat, which I guess was sling for like, I'm gonna go sex work and like get a client.


She was last seen on CCTV footage at 10:00 PM that night. I'm like, she just freaking vanished. So police had done a detailed search hoping to find something, but again just nothing, no leads. So then some time goes by and then another woman goes missing from this area. Suzanne Bla Myers was born and brought up in Bradford. Suzanne was described as like feisty spirited and you know, lovely woman and she actually like began training as a nurse but her life like began to unravel in her early twenties where she started using heroin and by 25 Suzanne had started to do sex work to pay for her addiction.


Suzanne was last seen on May, May 21st, 2010 by her mother who had dropped her off at her flat. So police would get one lead that would break this case wide open. So there was a man, he was just bonding to his own business, walking his dog in Shipley by the water and he looks out in the water and he sees a rucksack floating and he's like, oh weird. You know? So he decides to like pull it out and it's heavy, it's filled with something so he decides to look inside. So he opens it up, you know he opens it up and he said at first he thought it was a football. It's not funny, it's just like, you know, I had a trauma.


He thought it was a football but when he really like looked at it, it was actually a head. It was a head. Could you imagine? No. So the head badly dismembered and because of this it made it really hard to ID who the person was. Police obviously they come out and they investigate. It was said at this point like police knew that they had like a Serial Killer on their hands you think? But yeah, just two days before this happened, a caretaker who was managing the property where Steven lived, this caretaker was looking through footage from the security cameras.


It was said that like part of his job, he would do this every couple of days, you know, to see like if there was any shit heads like who had vandalized a place or was doing something shady, whatever. But while looking at the footage, he came across something very weird. He sees that at 2:30 AM on CCTV footage it shows Steven heading into his apartment with Suzanne bla Meyers and you see like the two of them outside, they seem friendly, like they know each other and they're heading inside. They get into the elevator and everything looked fine at first, but three minutes later Suzanne is seen running out of like Steven's apartment and she has this look of fear on her face.


She looks panicked. Then you see Steven coming out of his apartment coming after her and he's holding a cross bow and trying to to shoot Suzanne. So I guess he shoots it, it's off camera. So we, we don't know if he hits her or not, but whatever he runs after her and again all off camera and I guess he attacks tackles her to the ground. But then you see Steven come back to the cameras and he's looking directly at the camera and he's, he flips it off. He shows his crossbo and he is like, like he's fully aware that the camera's there and it's recording and he's kind of like just, I don't know, mocking it I guess. Then you see him dragging Suzanne's body back into his apartment with an arrow in her head.


So maybe he did hit her whatever, but you see that he drags her back into the apartment and then a few minutes later you see Steven leave his apartment again. It seems like he's heading to the red light district in hopes to like lure another victim. Then at 3:35 AM Steven is seen on CCTV footage outside his place with another woman. Now the two of them are outside and they seem to be chatting and everything's fine. She must have felt that something was off. Maybe he was weird, we don't know. But she decides to not go inside with Steven and instead she like takes off for the night. So after this you see Steven on CCTV like leaving his place again with the goal again of like trying to find another victim.


He's then caught on CCTV footage coming home around 4:28 AM and it seems like he had no luck of finding his next victim. When police got the CCTV footage, they arrested him like shortly after with 22 police officers like storming into his place on May 24th, 2010. So after Steven's arrest he was questioned and he was pretty open about it. Like he told police everything. He explained that after killing the women, he ate parts of them. I know, I don't know, I don't know what's wrong with people. I don't know. I mean like he's kind of been telling everyone that he was gonna do this for a very long time.


You know, like he told people he wanted to be a Serial Killer. I just feel like, you know, I don't know, maybe it could have been prevented. I don't know. Police they could confirm this because like on Steven's stove they found DNA that belonged to both Shelly and also Susan. Steven went into great detail about like what he did. He said afterwards he would place the parts into different like duffel bags and plastic bags and then he would take them to the nearby lake to dump them. Now police were able to get a very detailed picture of what happened to Shelly, partly because Steven actually recorded some of the killing on his fricking phone.


Oh my god, I know Now this is like a little side note, but at some point someone found a phone on the train and this person, they went like looking through the phone, you know they came across this a footage of what seemed to be a murder. So they turned it into the police. Some people believed that like Steven might have left the phone on the train on purpose because like he wanted the attention, something like that. Others say it was like a dumb accident, but either way awful. So police get this footage, it's linked to him, whatever. But on the video it showed that after dragging Shelly back into, into his flat, he tied her up in the bath.


So he gets her in the tub and then I guess he spray paints on her back, my sex slave. Okay. And while he's filming he gives like a little voiceover moment. So you hear him say, I am then pariah, I am the blood bath artist. Yeah, here's a model who is assisting me. He then again, all this is on on, he's filming all this. He then dismembers her in his bathtub using knives and power tools. Yeah, not great.


Once he's done dismembering her, he takes parts of her body, puts it in a ruck sack and then is caught like leaving the flat with it. Okay. So then he caught a train and was captured on CCTV at one of the stations with the ruck sack. He then like, you know, gets off the train, whatever, he seems to dump the bag and then he's seen on CCTV going home, I guess when he was home he tried to like disinfect all the surfaces and like get rid of any evidence. And then after killing his final victim, Suzanne, Steven again going by Ven pariah posted the following on MySpace.


He said then Pariah has finally emerged into the world. What will this pseudo human do? One wonders poor Steven pretended to be me, but he was only the rapping he knew towards the end that I supplied the inner core of iron hatred bound tightly and flesh at very long. Last the time has come to act out, I guess these words like echoed author Thomas Harris's psychopath and the novel Red Dragon. It's the book that introduces the infamous Hannibal Lecter. Steven told police that he would approach these women and tell them that he was a photographer and that he wanted to take photos of them back at his place.


And he said that he, a lot of the times he would offer them either drugs or money in exchange, you know, for the photographs. So if the ladies accepted, you know, they'd go back to his place and he would often tell them to lie on the bed and have their backside in the air for portraits that would go in his new art gallery exhibit. You know, Steven did in fact photograph the women, but sadly the, I mean the photos weren't taken until like they were dead and the photos became part of his like personal trophy collection. So during questioning he like bragged to the officers that he had actually killed like many, many more women than this.


But he never gave details as to like how many, when, where, how. So police, they went out to Stevens, you know, and searched his flat and while they're there they found, you know, two cross bows and bolts along with 30 knives and bookshelves filled with stories and magazines on different serial killers. They also found DNA evidence of like victims on his walls in the bathroom, in the kitchen, just all over the place. Like he did not do a good job of trying to hide any evidence. So to the police it seemed that Steven had tried to recently get rid of the evidence because his carpets, they were all ripped up and some of the tiles inside of his place they were removed, but you know, wasn't su successful.


While Steven was in custody, a person out by the banks of River Air, which was like five miles north of Steven's Flat, they had discovered a woman's head and other body parts as well. There was the Crossbo bolt and again there was like a knife still stuck in the head. The head had been skinned and nearby was what seemed to be like a killer's killer's kit bag, which had hacksaws knives inside and it was assumed that this was used for dismemberment. You know, a few days later police confirmed that the body parts belonged to Suzanne and also Shelly.


So Steven was charged with their murders as well as with Susan Rushworth. Steven confessed to killing Susan, Shelly and Suzanne during interrogation. So when police asked him, you know, Hey, why did you do it? He said, sometimes you kill someone to kill yourself or kill part of yourself. I don't know, it's like deep issues inside of me, okay? At least he's self-aware. I guess I don't know. Steven had told police that he killed in total six women, but he wouldn't say who the others were. He also wouldn't tell them like where they are, you know, when, where how, where, why, why he yaha nothing.


He also wouldn't tell investigators where Susan Rushworths body was located. And to this day he still hasn't said where she hasn't been found. So Steven made his first appearance at Crown Court on May 28th, 2010. Now this was just like one day after the tabloids had referred to him as The Crossbow Cannibal and he seemed to really like this. He was like, hmm, that's fun. Because when the magistrate asked for his name, Steven had responded back saying The Crossbow Cannibal, I mean again since a young age he said he wanted to be a Serial Killer. So I'm sur sure this title like made him happy.


Well did it, I don't know, gave him something. So after this, his trial date was set for later that year. So December 21st, 2010, Steven dressed in a gray tracksuit. He was surrounded by like five security guards. He enters the leads crown court. So during proceedings the court showed the CCTV footage and presented the DNA evidence as well as a confession. And like there is no denying that he did this. Steven's defense argued that the quote unquote system is the one who's at fault because Steven had been diagnosed as psychopathic nearly like 20 years earlier.


And like maybe they should have done something about it. It wasn't his fault. The judge convicted Steven Griffiths of all three murders and sentenced him to life in prison without the possibility of parole. So England's then, prime minister's name is David Cameron. He said that the murders were a terrible shock and that the government should once again look at decriminalizing offenses related to sex work. You know, so they have protection and protection and, but you know, that in itself like sent people into a frenzy. Oh God. As for Stephen Griffith, he's still in prison and throughout the years I guess he's attempted to off himself like numerous times after his sixth failed attempt, he decided to go like on 120 day hunger strike.


And the prison staff said that they knew that this was like Steven's attention seeking behavior and that he was essentially being a drama queen. They're like, go ahead, starve yourself. Eye roll. In 2019, Steven was attacked by another prisoner with like a sharpened piece of wood and he was rushed to the hospital, but he would survive the attack and yeah, I mean that is where he is at even now sitting in prison. And that is the case of Steven Griffiths. You know, I will agree with his defense that the system as a whole definitely failed on this one. Like throughout the years. I mean you saw or you listened that they had been saying like, Hey red flag, this guy's a little concerning.


Like he openly is saying he wants to be a Serial Killer. Like, I don't know. I don't know. Maybe he might be. I mean it's really frustrating when you hear cases like this 'cause it's like all the signs were there. I mean, come on. But then again, I was thinking if all the signs are there, you can't just arrest someone because all the signs are there. You know, like you need evidence, right? So it's like, okay, all the signs are there, but you can't just arrest someone 'cause they're, they're weird. You would think if local women were going missing who also do sex work, you'd maybe go to like as police, you would go to your files and like have a flag on certain accounts like Steven's account. Like, hey, this guy has been kind of weird throughout his life.


Like maybe we should pay him a visit. I mean, I don't know how places like work, so I'm just a girl on the internet. But you would think, right? I don't know. I, I just, I am sure we can all agree that maybe this, this could have been prevented and sadly like three lives were lost. He claims more. But I kind of think a lot of people think too that he's just saying that because he wants to be up there with that acid bath killer guy. No, the York sure killer guy. He wants to be like up there with him, but whatever, I mean, get better goals. Get better goals. He could've like done something great. He was going really smart in school. It's a shame. It's a shame. He's an idiot. Thanks for hanging out with me.


I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. You make good choices. Alright, I'll be seeing you guys later. Bye.