
It's the Kia season of New Tradition Sales Event. So don't just hang your own lights, venture out and look for the Northern Lights. Drink cocoa on the beach or be a drive by karaoke caroler because every Kia comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited powertrain warranty. So you can take holidays to places they've never been. See your local Kia dealer, or visit kia.com to learn more. Kia movement that inspires. See Kia dealer for warranty details. Event ends 1, 2 25.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like finishing your laundry successfully, matching all your daughter's baby socks together on the first try. Let's see. Panda socks, firetruck socks, socks with those cute little strawberries on them. You matched each and every one of those tiny socks. I mean, has this ever happened in the history of laundry And penguin wearing a cowboy hat? Socks done. Enjoy the moment, dad, you've earned it. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian and this is the Murder Mystery and Makeup podcast. Today's story is a Podcast Exclusive. Oh, yes, that's right. Today's story is about a vampire. Oh yes. This time it is about The Kansas City Vampire. His name is Mark Sappington. Have you heard of him? Now, mark is not the stereotypical vampire that you tend to think of. You know, I mean, many think of like a modern vampire as goth dressing in dark clothing. Maybe they're wearing like spooky makeup, or maybe they like do some blood rituals because like if there's no blood involved in some way, are you even really a vampire?


Well, mark wasn't like that at all, but he does do the whole blood drinking thing and then some. Well, let's get into Mark's story, huh, Mark Vincent Sappington was born on February 9th in 1978, and he grew up on the north side of Kansas City. Now, this part of town was pretty religious, but it also, I guess it wasn't the safest, the most common sounds that you would hear in this area would be church bells and police sirens. It was the kind of place where Sunday preachers would paint really vivid pictures of hell during their sermons and would say that you didn't have to go very far outside the church parking lot to experience hell.


Kansas City at this time was going through a massive crime spree, and nothing the cops did seemed to make a dent in lowering the crime rate. So in this neighborhood where thousands of decent people are trying to scrape by, a lot of them were single mothers, and Mark's mom, Mary White, she was one of them. And she did everything she could to try to keep Mark out of trouble and away from a life of crime and violence. Since Mark's dad just up and disappeared before Mark was even born, she turned to the church to help raise her son. She hoped that taking Mark to church every Sunday would help like teach him strength and values in a way she knew his father never would. And for a while it seemed to work.


Mark stayed out of trouble and became a choir boy spending his time at the church rather than like out in the streets. So Mark is hanging with the church and for the most part, like he's a pretty good kid and things are super normal. You know, he's not a great student, but he's, he's smart, he's articulate. And someone say he was pretty funny. He had a quick wit and a smile that paired with his quiet charm and it would just kind of like draw you in. But then just as his mom feared, mark started getting sucked into like hanging out with the wrong crowd. And he starts getting into some drug habits. Mark was into smoking something called Dans, which is street slang for cigarettes that are soaked in embalming, fluid dried, and then smoked.


Yes, embalming fluid. For those of you who don't know, embalming fluid is the mixture of chemicals that are used to preserve dead bodies. And typically the mixture contains formaldehyde, menthol and Glu Little Hyde. Look, this stuff, it's chemicals, okay? And it keeps bodies from decaying in funeral homes or in medical labs. It's stuff that you don't wanna be putting into your body while you're alive. So the reason that people would be smoking embalming fluid, I guess it would give you, like you would hallucinate, you would see stuff. Okay, I had to look it up because I was like, why is someone smoking embalming fluid? What a weird combination. Who thought of that?


I've got a lot of questions about Dan alone. Okay, but that's not what the story's about. Okay, so he's smoking that and Dank wasn't like the only drug that Mark was using. He also got into Angel dust or PCP, which is a serious hallucinogen. Now, PCP is sometimes added to the embalming fluid used to make dinks. So that could be how like maybe Mark got into it. Originally, PCP was used in the 1950s as an anesthetic, but because it has some really serious side effects, doctors stopped using it for medical purposes. But people loved it. People loved it, and they loved how it distorted sights, colors and sounds, and it just like changed your whole environment, man.


So Mark's, he's smoking Dans and using PCP, and it's not uncommon for him to have some run-ins with the police, but at this point, he hasn't really gotten himself into any serious trouble yet. That is not until March of 2001.


I swear I have every single streaming platform that exists, and somehow every time I wanna watch a movie, it's on something that I don't have. And I'm like, what? What? How do I what? So I sign up for a free trial and cancel it as soon as the movie's over. But we all know how that goes. I never actually remember to cancel. And then I realized eight months later that I have been paying for this streaming channel and I let it go unnoticed. Ugh. It happens to me all the time, and this is why I need Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and they can help lower your bill so you can grow your savings. See, they can help you see all of your subscriptions in one place, so you can know exactly where your money goes every single month. With Rocket Money, they can help you like even cancel unwanted accounts because once you see how many subscriptions you have and it's in your face, you'll be able to see like, oh look, I don't actually use this certain subscription. Right? And then you can cancel through the app. Rocket Money can also help you create a personalized budget so you can keep your spending on track, you can get alerts if any bills increase or if you're close to going over budget, they'll leave and try to negotiate lower bills for you. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. So Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/makeup today. That's rocket money.com/makeup, rocket money.com/makeup.


Now this Armando guy is everything Mark's mom wanted him to stay away from. This is the kind of guy she feared Mark would end up like by living in their neighborhood. Armando sees himself as a bit of a tough guy who believes he should live by the code of the street, but he is not actually involved with any gangs at this time, which means he's gotta do something to prove himself and prove that he can roll with the big boys. In March, Armando and Mark get their hands on an assault rifle to them. This gun was beautiful. It's the ultimate weapon for like a tough guy on the streets.


It's the kind of gun that could elevate their status in the way that they were looking for, but the only way to make that happen was to actually use it. So Armando comes up with a plan that will get them the status that they're looking for. The plan is to pull off an armed robbery. Now, there's no particular target in mind, but Armando tells Mark that any random dude will get the job done, and that's how they find David Ock owner of one of the local auto dealerships when Armando goes in to buy a car. So Armando bought a 1984 Chevy Impala from David's dealership on March 5th, 2001, but David warned Armando that the tags weren't right, so he should leave the car parked until it gets sorted out.


Then two days later, a cop pulls Armando over because the 30 day tags had been altered and legally shouldn't be on the road. So the cop ends up having his car impounded. Well, Armando is pissed that his new car is now, you know, in the impound. So on March 10th, Armando calls David to complain and make him pay to get the car towed outta the lot because he believed it was the dealership's fault that the tags were wrong. Now, because of Armando's beef with David for selling him a car with faulty tags, Armando decides that David will be their target.


Armando's plan was pretty simple. They are just gonna like walk up to David. They're gonna show him the gun and demand cash to get his car out of the impound. Armando would do the talking and Mark would like flash the rifle. I mean, that was it. Very clean, no fuss, and that was it. Period. Thank you. So on March 16th, 2001, the guys roll up to the car dealership around 2:00 PM and Armando goes in first. David is having lunch with one of his employees, but otherwise the place was empty. So Armando goes in, he super riled up and he starts harassing David about getting his car out of the impound lot.


David tells his employee, just ignore this guy. Enjoy your lunch. You know, whatever. So Armando, he's I guess annoyed, he decides to walk out, then Mark wearing a black mask and a black coat with a hood enters the dealership and then something happens. That's not part of the plan for seemingly no reason at all. Mark opens fire, the employee is able to make his escape out of the office and into the back garage area, like diving under a car. But David was not as lucky. He was shot inside the dealership. After about 10 minutes, the employee feels safe enough to emerge from under the car and call 9 1 1 while David lies on the floor awake and conscious, but dying.


Meanwhile, a customer from the audio store across the street heard the shots and ran outside, and he was able to witness Mark shooting David while Armando ran to get the car before the two sped off. Now, using the gun was never part of the plan. So after that, Armando fled to Texas while Mark stayed in Kansas City. Armando was eventually arrested a little while later, but refused to tell the police the shooter's identity. Now you're probably like, Hey Bailey, I thought this was a story about vampires. What's going on? Well, shut up. We're getting to it right now. So Armando has left Mark in Kansas City, but Mark hasn't really like left the drug and gang life.


Now, here's the thing about PCP, it's a hallucinogen, right? But it can also make people feel paranoid or even psychotic. And around this time, mark is starting to hear voices in his head, which is also known as auditory hallucinations. And these voices are telling Mark to eat flesh and blood, or he would die. Yeah, the the voices would kill him. Hallucination or not. I mean, that was really scary. Now, despite Mark's religious upbringing, there didn't seem to be like a fear of God mixed in with all this. A lot of times when someone hears voices, there is a divine nature attached to that voice.


People believe they're getting these commands from God or Satan, or sometimes both. Mark never claims any of that. He only says he was afraid of punishment that he feared for his own life if they didn't do, as they said. Now, as controlling as these voices were, they didn't set up any rules regarding the eating of the flesh and the drinking of the blood when to kill, or like what to do after who the victims were. I mean, that was up to Mark. And kind of like his first crime with Armando Mark's approach was more of a leave. It's a chance and let the victim be a random target in the moment. So in March of 2001, mark starts walking around the streets of Kansas City, and as he passes by people, he kind of asks him himself, oh, what about him?


Hmm, what about her? But the voices never seem to be satisfied with any of these people. So Mark is searching for three weeks before he finally finds his first victim. That will hopefully get the voices to shut up, even if it's just for a little bit. Originally, mark planned on finding a random stranger, but for some reason he ends up settling on a friend from his neighborhood. Terry T. Green, who is 25 years old, had been a longtime friend of Mark's. They often hung out at each other's places. So it wasn't weird for Mark to come home on April 7th, 2001 and find Terry hanging out on his front steps. And poor Terry. I mean, this was a real case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.


Mark was coming home from going on one of his hunting walks. And when Mark sees Terry, he said the voices took over. They told him to lure Terry to the basement of his house and then attacked Terry with the hunting knife. Mark has hidden in one of the corners of the basement. And so Mark makes up some excuse and was like, Hey man, I got this thing in the basement. You, you just gotta see it. And Terry was like, okay, cool man. So then he lures him down into the basement and then attacks Terry. Now, killing someone with a knife, I would assume is way different than killing someone with a gun. And at this point, mark had never killed someone with a knife before.


So when he kills Terry, it's kind of this high energy thing, and Mark is just splattering the walls with poor Terry's blood. Then once Terry was lying dead on the ground, the voices gave the next command. They were telling him to drink his blood. So Mark kneels down and starts to lap up the blood, kind of like an animal, but he isn't able to finish this task the voices had had given him because he hears some noises and is afraid of getting caught. And he later says that the voices tell him to get rid of the body immediately.


Here's the thing, guys, we're all gonna die someday. Wow, very positive. This is obviously something we don't wanna think about, but it pays to be prepared by making sure your loved ones will be taken care of when the time comes. And a great way to do that is with life insurance from our friends at select quote, select quote has been in business for nearly 40 years and they've helped customers find over $700 billion in coverage. So they've got tons of experience in finding policies to fit your specific needs. Getting a policy could take as little as 15 minutes. You talk to a licensed agent about your needs and your budget, and they tailor a life insurance policy to match. You might even be able to get same day coverage with no medical exam required and select quote, find really affordable policies. Some can cost less than $8 a day, So you won't have financial stress piled on top of your death stress. We're decluttering stress here, not adding on head to select quote. And a licensed insurance agent will call you right away with the policy that fits your life and your budget. Get the right life insurance for YOU for LESS at select quote.com/makeup. Go to select quote.com/makeup today to get started. That's select quote.com/makeup.


Now, mark is kind of panicked, obviously, I don't know, maybe because he just killed his friend and decides that he needs to get rid of the body and fast. So he puts the body in the backseat of Terry's car, covers it up with a blue tarp and drives across the river to Kansas City, Missouri. I know this is a side note, but the fact that there's a Kansas City, Kansas, and then a Kansas City, Missouri is the most questionable thing in America, period. Thank you. Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk. What is that about? Now, this next part isn't the smartest move, but remember he's probably still high on PCP. So Mark decides that he's going to leave the car with Terry's body in it at the edge of a parking lot at a nightclub that he and Terry often went to, and then he takes a taxi home.


Three days later on April 10th, the Missouri police find Terry's body and start looking into the homicide. But lucky for Mark, they're not looking in the right spot. Now, the Kansas police are also kind of like breathing sigh of relief because this new murder was like not in their own state, because if the body had been found in Kansas City, Kansas rather than Kansas City, Missouri, police maybe probably not, but maybe they would've linked it to David's death over at the car dealership, which would've like meant that they had a spree killer on their hands. But I hate to give police that much credit because I, we see time and time again on murder, Mystery and makeup that the police never wanna connect the dots ever Earlier that same morning on April 10th, mark, I guess he smoked some drugs.


He doesn't remember if it was Dank or PCP, but then he goes over to his best friend Eric Phoenix's house, really early in the morning. He's on drugs, so he doesn't really have an awareness of time or like what's an acceptable hour to visit people's houses. Eric was living with his wife, his mother, and his younger stepbrother, whose name is Michael Weaver. Everyone is asleep. When Mark arrives, he knocks on the door, wakes up Eric's mom who answers, and she's like, mark, what are you doing here? It's so early in the morning, you know? And Mark tells her, I need to borrow a, a screwdriver.


And she's like, okay, go look in the in the kitchen. And then she heads back to bed. So Mark hangs out for a little bit. He watches some TV and then goes upstairs to grab a jacket apparently, and then runs back downstairs and into the backyard, grabbing a knife off the kitchen counter. On his way out, mark hangs out in the backyard for a bit and then starts to hear the voices again. This time they gave him a deadline. Mark remembers quote, I heard the voices tell me it's due or die. Die. If I don't eat, I'm gonna die within six or seven hours, end quote. So Mark's hanging out in the backyard at his buddy Eric's house when the voices give.


Mark this deadline, and a few minutes later, Eric's stepbrother, Michael comes outside. Well, you know, mark, he has his, his marching orders and he sees Michael and is sneaking. Well, Michael will have to do so using the knife Mark took from the kitchen. He stabs Michael in the back, but I guess the blade was pretty long because the knife goes completely through this poor man's chest. Michael tries to get in the car and drive away from Mark, but he crashes into a light pole. Mark sees us as an opportunity to try and give the voices what they want and drink Michael's blood. But the car crash wakes up one of the neighbors who ends up calling the cops.


Now, it's not long before Mark can hear police sirens coming his way. Mark tries to move the car away from the scene and is able to move it a like a little ways away before just abandoning it in an alley, a few blocks from his house. Now, the death of Michael is significant because this is Mark's official third kill. He is now classified as a serial killer according to, according to the rules, you have to kill three in order to be considered a serial killer. So Mark is on his way home when he spots a 16-year-old named Freddy Brown. Now Freddy looks up to Mark. He sees Mark like a, you know, a big brother. Well, poor Freddy happens to also be in the wrong place at the wrong time.


The voices tell Mark that Freddy is now the new target. So Mark is like, Hey Freddy, you know you wanna come into my house and like smoke some wet? I had to look up what wet is. I guess wet is is like dank, but instead of it being a tobacco cigarette, it's got marijuana and it's either dipped in fluids or laced with something else wet either way, not great, not great, not a great role model either. So Mark's like, Hey, you wanna come like smoke some wet? And because Freddy pretty much idolizes Mark, he's like, yeah. So like Terry, mark lures Freddy down to the basement. But this time Marks switches up his method.


He shoots Freddy in his back with a shotgun. Blood explodes everywhere. But this time Mark seems to finally be free of distractions. He's finally able to drink Freddy's blood like the voices wanted him to. But this time Mark doesn't stop at the blood, the voices in his head are telling him now to consume flesh. So Mark does just that. He butchers Freddy's body cutting off the arms and the legs before eating a small part of Freddy's leg raw. He makes Mark feel kind of sick and instead of thinking like, maybe I feel sick because I'm eating, I don't know a leg, he thinks that it's because the flesh is raw.


So he decides to try and like fry it and try it that way. I guess frying the flesh was better because Mark finishes. It's not funny. It's just like I, I know it's not, it's not funny. It's just probably, it's just so wild. It's not funny. It's not funny. I'm not laughing at that. It's just saying awkward and like what? Because like he fries the flesh and Mark finishes the piece and drinks some of Freddy's blood. So


yep. How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like getting right out of bed late for work, yet your hair looks immaculate. No blow dryer, no comb, no sculpting gel. Just a flawless look as If you walked out of your house and straight onto the cover of a men's fashion magazine. Good morning, Steven. Oh, have you done something new with her hair? It looks amazing. They don't have the slightest clue. You were half asleep, drooling on your pillow not 10 minutes ago. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico,


With the voices finally satisfied. At least like for the moment, mark stuffs what was left of Freddie in a trash bag, but leaves his leftovers on the floor. Mark ends up leaving the basement a wreck and goes for a walk to, I don't know, maybe digest his meal. Or maybe he just wants to finally be able to go for a walk without the voices making him turn it into like a hunt. So Mark is on a walk, he's out, you know, his mom comes home like a few hours later and guess what? She goes down to the basement and she's like, what the hell? It's covered in blood. Now, normally his mom doesn't go into the basement, but she spots the trail of blood drops near the cellar.


She opens the door and sees more blood on the cellar stairs. So she decides to follow them and investigate. Well, mom not only gets a huge surprise, but she also gets a bird's eye view of the crime scene from the stairs. She immediately calls the cops. So Mark's pretty sure the cops are after him because he left a giant crime scene in his basement for his mom to find. But also he is probably, I don't know, he's probably high or at least experiencing the delayed side effects from the PCP and is like super paranoid. Anyway, at around 9:30 PM on April 10th, the same day he killed both Michael and Freddy, mark runs into one of the women who lives in the neighborhood named Anita Washington.


Anita is just getting home from the grocery store and was sitting in her driveway. When Mark knocks on her window, she looks at him and sees he's pointing a gun directly at her. He climbs in the backseat of her car and tells her to drive to Kansas City, Missouri. She does what he says and she, you know, they start driving. Meanwhile, mark just keeps saying, I'm a dead man over and over again. And at some point Mark decides it's better if he drives. So he has her pull over. Anita, you know, being the smart woman that she is takes this opportunity to run away. And she does. She runs like the nearest house. She runs up to this house and she's like telling these people, I just had my car jacked by a guy with a gun.


Like I, I need to call the police. Mark gives the cops a good chase for a bit, but eventually they were able to arrest him on April 12th. So police have arrested Mark for the carjacking and they've got him in the interrogation room for hours. But no matter what they say, mark is dead silent. He doesn't say P. The police are thinking to themselves like, there's gotta be a way to get him to talk. You know, there's always one question, using the right words and the right tone that will crack him and like make him open up. Well, it looks like Mark is about to win this round. So police are getting ready to put on their coats and go home when they hear Mark's voice. At first, they weren't sure that they actually heard Mark say anything, but then Mark repeated the words, vampire cannibalism.


All right, case closed, you know. Now, originally the cops thought that they had this guy in for a carjacking. So they were a bit taken aback and rightfully so. I mean, they don't know what to say. So I don't know. Mark just starts talking and he starts at the beginning telling them about the voices. And now that Mark had broken his silence, he just kept talking and talking and talking. He ended up confessing to the murder of Terry, who Missouri Police thought was like an isolated incident, and he confessed to the murder of his friends, Michael and Freddie. Mark goes into a super detailed and really emotional recounting of his crimes.


He talked about how he drank his victim's blood and ate Freddy's flesh. The scariest part for police was Mark's kind of like nonchalant attitude when it came to picking victims. I mean, to them there was like no method to his madness. The victims could have been anybody. Mark would ask himself, what about him or what about her as people like passed him by? And these people were totally clueless. I mean, they were barely escaping, being killed and potentially eaten. Yuck. You know, sometimes this is a signup. Sometimes I'm like, oh, I would love to have like that super power where I can read people's minds. But then do you really wanna read people's minds? Do you really wanna read people's minds? One of the weird things was that once Mark started talking, he was just on a roll.


Not only did he tell them everything, but he would later take them to where he dumped the keys to Michael's car, as well as where he dumped the keys to Terry's car. So the question on the police's mind was what kept Mark quiet? For so long, detectives think that maybe it could have been shame. Maybe Mark had some remorse for what he did. So Mark is in jail and bail is set for $2 million. But investigators are starting to realize there's more to all of these murders than meets the eye. Mark undergoes a series of psychological and psychiatric tests, but it turns out Mark has been suffering from schizophrenia since he was 16, and it had only gotten worse as he's gotten older.


Plus adding PCP to the mix did not help. It turned out that his mother also had schizophrenia. Bummer. So he probably didn't even realize it, huh? So between the drug use, his history and his family history of mental illness, the defense claimed that Mark was incapable of the required criminal intent to commit the charged offenses. So Mark pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease. Over the next three years, the trial kind of starts and stops based on Mark's periods of competency. Ultimately, mark is deemed competent to stand trial and it started in July of 2004.


His first trial was for the death of Terry, Michael, and Freddy, as well as the carjacking. He would later be tried separately for the death of David. During his first trial, the prosecution placed Mark's hour long confession tape for the jury where Mark confessed to stabbing Michael Weaver to death, leaving Terry Green's body in his car in Missouri and shooting Freddie Brown before dismembering his body and eating a small piece of his leg. Could you imagine sitting as a jury member and like you were listening to someone describe eating a person's leg? Yeah, me neither. Me neither. During this interview tape, the jury also hears Mark ask if he could chomp on the cop's leg.


So just wasn't a good look, wasn't really gonna help his case much. So prosecutors kind of doubt the story about the voices, even though the doctors say he suffers severe mental illness, since it seems to them that Mark only heard the voices when he was high on PCP, but that fact aside, prosecutors did not seek the death penalty. Instead, they hoped that maybe Mark would be sentenced to life in a mental hospital where he could get help and treatment. After an hour of deliberation, the jury would find Mark guilty of three counts of first degree murder and the count of kidnapping and aggravated burglary. He was sentenced to three consecutive life terms for the murders, 79 months for the kidnapping, and 32 months for the aggravated burglary.


On December 10th, 2004, mark was convicted of attempted aggravated robbery. And for the murder of David at his auto dealership in March of 2001, he was sentenced to life in prison. Basically, this guy's never getting outta jail. He, he's never getting out of jail. He was convicted of everything. During this time. Mark also began taking medication for his schizophrenia. So I guess the bright side is like, Hey, he's in prison. But at least like the voices are quiet, was something positive for him to think about. I don't know. I don't know why I'm trying to find a, a bright side for this murderer, but you know, I don't know. So in addition to the families of the victims being devastated by the damage Mark did, neighbors kind of had a weird reaction to Mark and his crimes.


They initially felt that Mark wanted to go out like a legend, that he wanted to be like Jeffrey Dahmer, you know, a serial killer known for eating his victims. During Mark's sentencing for the three murders, the judge told Mark, quote, you are the closest thing to a homicide time bomb. There is end quote, and I think many could agree there, because between his untreated schizophrenia and his drug use, you know, it was like fueling these voices in his head. Who knows how many more people Mark would've killed if he hadn't been caught? He would've been caught eventually.


He was messy, right? Thank God he got caught. And that, my friends, is a story about The Kansas City Vampire. Mark Sappington will be locked up for the rest of his life and paid for his crimes. I mean, I don't know what else there is to say. Don't do drugs. Shit, these poor people died for no damn reason. Right? Geez, I would love to know your thoughts. Do you have any? What do you say? I don't know. Well, things are hanging out with me today. I hope you have a good rest of your day. You be safe out there. Please, you make good choices and I'll be seeing you guys later.


Goodbye.