
The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast and Hyundai's ev lineup was There. For every moment in Vegas, Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower Ionic five n. On Friday, the EV Sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's Music Contest on Tik the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is That and After? The show fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.


Your time and expertise are valuable making focus one of the most important resources to have at work these days. Professionals spend nearly half the work week on written communication. And It can be difficult to stay on task with all the emails and documents. so you have to get through with Grammarly as your AI writing partner. you can stay focused and quickly get through your work with relevant realtime suggestions. Wherever you write, It works across 500,000 apps and websites. So It can help with everything from brainstorming presentation ideas to sounding more confident and persuasive in emails and reports. For 15 years, Grammarly has offered best in class communication, support, and enterprise grade security. On a business model, That doesn't sell your data. 93% of professionals report That. Grammarly helps them get more work done. Download Grammarly for free@grammarly.com slash podcast. That's gma rly y.com/ podcast.


Hi friends I wanted to do something special for you. my incredible subscribers. as a thank you So, for the first time ever you can be part of an exclusive live Murder, Mystery and Makeup episode. Oh. yes, I'm m doing it. It BABY. So. You'll get to see the whole thing created from the Foundation up You. see what I did there. Foundation, you can engage with E along the way and there's Also going to be some special surprises. Plus, you'll be able to interact with each other and with live like, like never before. And. on top of all that, you can get your hands on some limited edition merch. There's Also going to be a V I P After party experience. I'm m calling Murder Mystery Makeup Post Mortem where you can like hang out with E Afterwards, We can have some chitchat, some talks, some questions, you know, secrets will be told. It'll be a good time. This is a one night only event you don't wanna miss and It cannot be seen anywhere else but moment by Patreon. I'm m serious, like It won't be posted on Youtube or anything. you know this live event is happening. Today, yes, Today. October 15th, 2024, nine, PM Eastern, eight, PM, Central, and six PM, Pacific and I. Really hope to see you There. Tickets are on sale right now at moment dot co slash mm. It's gonna be So much fun and honestly, I'm m a little nervous 'cause it's s live, but it's s gonna be fun. but I, really hope to see you There. Tickets are on sale right now at moment dot co slash mm. Again, that's moment.co/m.


And now let's get into today's episode of Murder Mystery and Makeup Hi. friends, how are you today, I? hope you're having a wonderful day. So far. My name is Bailey Sarian and today's Monday, which means it's Murder, Mystery and Makeup. Monday. Today's story you've probably heard it's one of those like mysteries. That, just I. Don't know I, don't know there's So. Many I don't know, you know, we've all had one of those nights where you're mostly having a good time with your friends and then BABY when alcohol gets involved, it's kind of like two people start, you start get into little petty fights over absolutely nothing cause somebody drink too much and it's just being annoying, you know?


And it's s like no matter how much you love and respect your friends, sometimes it's inevitable That little conflicts will come up, you know? And sometimes tensions can just kind of build and, and and boil up and unexpected and weird ways. I mean worst case scenario, a night of bickering can ruin an evening and lead to like some tension afterwards or BABY like you know, you and your former French part ways. But most of the time these petty arguments aren't matters of like life and death. but according to like some people close to this case, what started as like one of those petty little fights is what led directly to the Murder of Jah Davis.


Have you heard about this one? yes. Around about 6:00 PM on Friday, November 18th, 2011, Toby Davis says goodbye to her 20-year-old sister Jah. Jah was going out for the night with some friends and Toby was staying, she was staying home. Jia Toby and her sister and their mother Kim, they all lived in Marietta, Ohio. And it was said That. This was like a very small Midwestern city. like the sort of place That, you know, it's just small. It like has a couple of school districts, a community college, they have their own waterpark and they draw in tourists with like the promise of hiking, hiking, know river tours and like biking trails.


But if you head just like a little outside of the city limits or like cross the Ohio River into West Virginia, then you'll find yourself in like one of those small towns. s like if you blink you'll miss it. For example, there's a small town called Williamstown and It had like 3000 people living There and Williamstown It just like sat just on the other side of the Ohio slash West Virginia border. It's the kind of community where like people stay in touch with their third grade best friends Well into adulthood and everyone's just like knows everyone. you get It do you I don't know, like I've never been in a small town like That where everyone knows your business.


In my mind, I always think it's gonna, it would be like a lot of fun but then everyone tells you it's awful 'cause everyone knows your business. But it sounds kind of fun. Jia and her and sister and Toby, they were super close. I mean they were only like 18 months apart in age So. They talked all the time. It was said That. Jia wasn't super outgoing. She had a reputation for being more like on the quiet side but like once she opened up and stuff, overall she was very Well liked her mother. Kim said That. Jia was like super sweet, just a really nice girl. And like her grandfather agreed That like everyone loved Jaleayah. if you met her and you just loved her at this time in her life, she was working at the retail store.


Hollister, you know, you remember Is Hollister still around It? It is right. Remember Hollister back in the day it was So dark and the music was blasting and it the oh the perfume and you were like, that's how they got you to buy stuff. You couldn't even see what you were buying. you are like, are these sure I'll buy out. What a mess of a store. Anyway, she was working at Hollister Long term though it said That, she wanted to go into cosmetology on November 18th, a Jah. She was gonna go out to a party with one of her like newer friends. Her name was Kristen So. Their friendship, it was kind of new. They just started hanging out like the summer before. So, Jah goes over to Kristen's house, That evening 'cause they're gonna go out right?


And I guess this evening when she gets There they bake some cookies together and then they get ready to go out for the party. And you know when you go over to your friend's house, you guys get ready, you're like, oh my god, I'm gonna wear a purple eyeshadow. What are you gonna do? Smokey I, love So. The party was at this guy's house. His name was Brian. Kristen knew this guy Brian but Jah, she had never met him before but you know she was down for whatever, like down to go to the party. Alright, right So around 9:30 PM they're, they're ready and they head out to the sky, Brian's house. And this is when Jaleayah pulls out her phone and she texts her mom. She just texts her mom like checking in like Hey mom, you know, just go out and her mom texts her back saying like Be good and don't make E worry So Jah.


She continues texting her mother and sister for the rest of the night. but There was like nothing out of the ordinary in the text messages, I mean to all appearances. She just was fine and having a good time. So, Jah and Kristen stay at the party literally just for a few minutes and then they leave, they head over to like the local fast food joint to pick up their friend Katie who needed a ride. So. They go out, they pick her up, bring her back to the party, the three of them So. They Also meet up with another friend. His name is Freddy. He's s like a friend of Jal's and he Also knows the parties host That, Brian Guy. I'm not exactly sure like when he meets up with the rest of the gang, but what we do know was That.


For a decent chunk of the night it was Jah, Kristen, Freddy and Katie all hanging together like the four of them.


I. Remember when I was a kid, I couldn't wait to grow up to be an adult. Oh it's So sad to think of now, right? I wanted to stay up late. I wanted to do whatever I wanted to do. I wanted to watch TV whenever I wanted to watch tv, I wanted to ly in bed all day If I wanted to, I wanted to be an adult. Of course I was never really thinking about the reality of being an adult, right? Which is basically just paying bills, eating protein and like making appointments. That's being an adult period. but with Zocdoc life can be a little bit easier. I love Zocdoc. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare Hi quality in network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. I mean don't you just hate It when you primary doctor tells. So you That you need to see a specialist and you're like alright, right Step one, see a specialist like what does That even mean? And then they give you like someone to call and then you're on the phone forever and they're like, oh know our next appointment available is six months from now. And you're like, I think I'll be alive and available. Sure Well, thankfully Zocdoc can help with That cause they offer in-network appointments with more than 100,000 healthcare providers across every specialty. From mental health to dental health, eyecare to skincare and So. Much more Plus on top of That. Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within 24 to 72 hours of booking you can physically see on the app like when they have an available appointment and you can book it right There through the app. It's the best I. Use Zocdoc all the time. I've been using it for everything. I just recently got a new psychiatrist I found through Zocdoc. It was nice cause it could see like what psychiatrist took my insurance when they were available and if they had good reviews, I'm a review reader. So. s like That, you know So. I was able to find a new psychiatrist. So, stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zocdoc.com/ MAKEUP to find and instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's Zocdoc Z-O-C-D-O c.com/ MAKEUP zocdoc.com/ Makeup


So they stay at Brian's house until about 1230 in the morning and then Jia, Kristen, Katie and Freddy, they leave to go to a bar called Nip and q Nip and Q So the core four. They stay at Nip and Q until closing time, which is like 3:00 AM when the bar closes somebody we don't know who it's assumed That, it's Freddie Drives Jia back to Brian's house, So she could pick up her car, which when I was like reading this, I'm like, this sounds like a terrible idea. It sounds like they've been, they've been drinking all night like they should not be driving right? but he drives her back to Brian's house and it's a little unclear what happens next.


but at 3:28 AM Jaleayah, she calls her sister Toby and tells her or asks her like I need a ride home now accounts vary, but Jia asked her sister to either pick her up at Brian's house and then some sources said That Jah asked her sister to pick her up at like a local gas station. But Either way what we know is That, like she was asking for a ride home. but during the call Toby, her sister hears Jia yell, give E my keys. She hears this, she's s like listening in and Jaleayah saying Gimme E my keys. And she's sounding a little upset. The two of them hang up and then about five minutes later Jia calls her sister again.


And this time she's noticeably emotional. It was said That like she was crying and either cursing at or just like yelling about Kristen and Toby's on the other line just kind of like listening. but Jaleayah is begging Toby to hurry, please pick her up. And then Also changes her pick up location. She asked her to now pick her up at a rest stop in Williamstown That like small town of 3000 people. I mentioned earlier. yes So, she's s like can you, can you pick E up here? Toby's asking her sister like what is going on? like why what's going on? Tell what's happening? And Jia says like I'll tell you when you get here and they hang up then Toby gets a third call a little later on.


but this call she does, she fails to pick up. It's been speculated That the call came through while Toby was on the line with Kristen 'cause she has Kristen's number So, she calls her up and she Kristen is like giving her directions to where Jia was. Either way Toby drives to the pickup location and when she gets There she doesn't see Jah anywhere. So she calls her, she's not getting an answer. So she Toby ends up calling Kristen and she's asking you know what's going on like trying to figure out where the hell is Jah. All Kristen says is That, she and her friends dropped Jah off at at That gas station and they left and it's unclear why they took her here rather than to her car.


I think it's cause she was probably drunk and they didn't want her to drive So, they didn't wanna drop her off at her car. but that's just like speculation. Nobody really knows. but Kristen Also notes That, nobody wanted Jah to drive herself home given how much she had been drinking. So she tells Toby like she hadn't seen Jah since they dropped her off. you know like that's all she knows according to Toby and Jal's mother Kim Toby ends up driving around Williamstown for a while just trying to like BABY she could spot where her sister's at. you know So, she's driving around and it's been roughly about one hour since she last spoke to Jah and now Jah was not picking up any of the calls That her sister was making.


Now this is when her sister is getting That. you know That gut feeling Something ain't right. Something ain't right. you know So, she's just driving around looking So while she's driving around she gets on the freeway and comes across like a horrible car accident. When she gets closer she can actually see it's her sister Jaleayah lying in the street So. Toby obviously like pulls over. She's s like freaking out for good reason and she tries to run over the median to get to Jia but a paramedic intercepts her cause they were already first responders at the scene. She can see Jia and she could see That. Some of her hair is like stirring in the wind but the rest was matted with blood and it seemed That the top part of her head appeared to be missing later Toby and and Kim would learn That a truck driver actually reported seeing a body at the side of the road at 4:38 AM about an hour After Toby and Jo's last phone conversation.


But for now Toby is just like overwhelmed by the sight of her sister's body just out in the street and I guess at some point she ends up collapsing Poor thing at some point After this she comes to and then she ends up calling Kristen twice. Now this time she is demanding to know like what happened to Jah and what do you know you know Kristen tells her the same story she said before. She said she doesn't know what happened After, they dropped Jah off at the gas station cause they dropped her off then the gang all left and that's all she knew then Toto makes That awful phone call to her mother and informed her That Jia was dead. Geez It just It happened So quickly, right?


like she was just talking to her on the phone. None of it was making any sense. Toby has to make That awful phone call. She's telling her mom like she's dead, she's dead and just hysterical as anyone would be but like her reaction doesn't really convey like the gruesomeness of the scene or the state of Jillian's body. When it was discovered she thought just part of her head was missing but Jaleayah had been decapitated her right breast was missing, her leg was broken and not just like fracture or like a minor break. Her leg had been snapped in half on top of That. She was Also missing her shoes and she was nude from the waist up her bra shirt and like a white peacoat.


They were hanging on a nearby guard rail like not too far from her head. Now That part like everyone was confused cause it's not clear what happened. Her clothes seemed to be hanging There, her shoes missing. They were never found like where did those go? you know So police are obviously at the scene and that's when they detect like Jaya's Brain Matter was on the guardrail and near her clothes. There was like a huge pool of blood and Also acceleration marks on the street like a car had peeled out. BABY After hitting her as far as like her car or a car in general was completely missing from the scene.


right Confusing investigators end up locating Jaleel's car a quarter of a mile from the scene, huh? yes and when they find her car, listen It was actually still running. It had the headlights on and the car was locked from the inside.


You know what That satisfying sound is? It's the sound of another sale on your Shopify store. but did you know Shopify can power your in-person sales too? Oh that's s right. Shopify is the sound of selling everywhere. I mean online in store, on social media and beyond. Shopify POS is your command center for your retail store. From accepting payments to managing inventory, Shopify has everything you need to sell in person. With Shopify you get a powerhouse selling partner. That effortlessly unites your in-person and online sales into one source of truth. So track every sale across your business in one place and know exactly what's in stock. Connect with customers inline and online. Shopify helps you drive store traffic with plug and play tools built from marketing campaigns from Tik to Instagram and beyond. Beyond beyond. Get hardware That fits your business. you can take payments by smartphone, transform your tablet into like a point of sale system or use Shopify's POS Go mobile device for a battle tested solution. Do retail right with Shopify Sign up for a one dollar per month trial period@shopify.com slash Makeup. The MAKEUP is all lowercase So. Go to shopify.com/ Makeup lowercase to take your retail business to the next level today. One more time for the people in the back. shopify.com/ MAKEUP.


It was clear to investigators That the car had been in an accident cause the whole passenger side of the vehicle was pretty banged up and like There was a flat tire and stuff as if It ran into the guardrail and like kind of like you just scraped it all up. Okay So the right front passenger window was broken and There are fractures. There's a big fracture like on the windshield or in the windshield but There are no visible pools or like splatters of blood in the car. like at all. It was all on the outside. Understandably Jaya's family was devastated not just by her death but by the gruesomeness of it and all of like the unanswered questions.


I mean all they wanted to know was like what the hell happened? None of it was adding up or making sense. So over the course of the next few days the police approach all of Gillian's friends from the party and Also the bar and they started to like piece together how her night went. Kristen said That. She and Jaleayah had an alcohol fueled evening they did shots at Brian's party and Kristen said That Jaleayah consumed a ton of alcohol like a whole bottle of vodka which would be like the equivalent of 16 shots. And she did this before they headed to Nip and Q that's according to Kristen However like That testimony has been disputed cause given Jule's height and weight, if she did drink a whole bottle of vodka in three hours she should have had a blood alcohol level of 0.68 and 0.68 would be like life-threatening.


you know Jia would've been unconscious if she did drink That much So Kristen's account was just kind of It was like okay sure. Instead her autopsy showed a blood alcohol level of like 0.19 which is still like quite Hi. Point one nine is more than double the legal limit to drive in West Virginia. I mean it's enough to be charged with an aggravated DU if If you got pulled over but it's considerably lower than like the 0.68 That she would've had based on Kristen's testimony. you know several witnesses at the party and at the bar said That Jia actually seemed fairly sober.


like she wasn't slurring her words, she wasn't stumbling, she wasn't like a mess. but then There were others who told a very different story with this whole case. It's s like everyone who came forward had a different version. It it is like it just was confusing. Others came forward and described Jah as wasted So. Everyone is confused here cause of the conflicting statements, right? Kristen Also reported That when she Angelia got to Nip and Q they ended up running into another one of their friends named Chris. Now follow E on this one. So this guy Chris. He was Katie's ex-boyfriend, remember part of the court Core four ex-boyfriend.


And according to this Chris guy, they still had some like lingering feelings for each other but at the bar I guess Jia had like gone up to Chris and she was talking with him and It was said That, she danced with him and cause of this It was creating some tension with the friends. you know like it was said That, Jah was being overly flirty and it just It wasn't cool 'cause It was Katie's ex and like she's s right here. What are you doing? you know it was one of those like petty little fights. Now this wasn't the only potential source of tension between Gia and Kristen. Apparently Kristen worried That Gia was going to lose a wristlet she was wearing.


Now this wristlet was like I guess it was important to her or expensive cause Kristen was like pressuring her Jia to hand It over So. She could hold onto it for safekeeping cause Jah was like drinking and she didn't want her to lose it. So Kristen was asking Jaleayah like let E hold onto it, let E hold onto It. And Jia was like no. And getting really annoyed with Kristen for constantly asking her to give her her wrist lip. And you know It sounds dumb but like God it reminds E of the early twenties when you would go out with your friends and you get you drink too much and just be stupid. And this is, this is what it's reminded E of, right? It's just you're being dumb. Everyone's being dumb. So Jaleayah was like, no, like leave E alone.


like get off my back and it's causing tension. Everyone's getting a little annoyed here. So Jia was kind of getting annoyed with this whole wristlet situation but of course like at some point during the night the wristlet did in fact go missing and Jia seemed to blame Kristen for It. Like It was just a whole mess. So Kristen and Jah seemed like they were you know, squabbling. It was severe enough That, the bar's owner, security team and even the dj, they all later would tell the police That, they noticed them to kind of bickering and having a little mm you you know everyone noticed it So when it was time to leave the bar, that's when Kristen tells everyone Jia is in no shape to drive.


She's been drinking a lot. They didn't wanna drop her off at her car cause she would probably drive and they didn't want her to So. That's when the gang remember the core four, they just agree to like drop Jaleayah off at a gas station. Kristen said That, she made Gia promise her That, she would call her sister to pick her up rather than drive home. Now this is where like they're just bad friends cause you should just never like leave. You shouldn't leave your friend who's been drinking or whatever alone at the like That was the wrong move for sure, but they did It, they ended up leaving her There and After dropping her off. The rest of them they go to McDonald's.


Now there's surveillance footage. That shows Freddy driving through the McDonald's drive through and There are two women in his car and it appears to be Katie and Kristen but since there's just two passengers it was safe to assume That. Kristen was telling the truth about dropping her off and then going to McDonald's afterwards. you know, cause Jaleayah wasn't in the car according to Kristen. She couldn't say to investigators exactly like what time it was when they dropped Jah off. but it was safe to assume it was like around three 30 in the morning. And this was like based on a couple of factors. When Jia had first called her sister Toby, it was like 3:28 AM And on this call, remember Toby had heard her sister say, give E my keys.


When police asked Kristen about Julia's death, they're like, what do you think happened? Kristen speculated That Jaleayah must have tried to drive herself home when they dropped her off, she said That. Her friend Jia must have like been driving lost control of her vehicle and like hit the guardrail BABY. Then she tried to like flee the scene of the crime cause she BABY, she was afraid That she was going to get like a DU I. but cause she was wearing dark clothing and the streets That, they she was on was not Well lit. So a passing driver must have like failed to see her and struck her on accident. Now to be clear, this account does not like match the evidence at the scene.


But in Kristen's defense she never claimed like this was an accurate account of Giulia's death. It was just her own speculation. Now Kristen said she got this theory cause it's what she heard through the grapevine, which like makes it even more weird. cause who was saying like the grapevine? Who's saying That like you know everyone's talking and had theories and it's s like it was just how did they all know? Small town BABY. Someone knew Something Well the police, they end up making their own ruling about what happened, what they think happened. And their story is pretty different from Kristen's. but like her, they believed That. This was nothing more than a horrible drunk driving induced accident.


They speculated That in addition to driving under the influence. Jia must have been distracted when she was driving and they believed That, she was distracted. cause in the car the overhead light was on So. They were like BABY. She was looking for Something, you know, like I don't know. but on top of That it was Also noted That. She wasn't wearing a seatbelt. So, her attention might've been split. She must've like smashed into a guardrail while going about 70 miles per hour. And the front passenger side collided with the rail hard enough to propel Jaleayah out of her seat out of the car and even knock her shoes off.


Now There was like a crack in the windshield. So, they believed That like her head had bounced off the windshield and then she had flew out the passenger side window, which like, like mentioned before was the only window That was broken in the accident. Very bizarre. you know, So, according to police, Gilan flew out of the car head first struck the guardrail and then died instantly. but they're saying That, she was only partially thrown out of the car. So like her upper body was on the outside while her legs and lower torso were still inside the vehicle.


This is what police believe. Meanwhile, her car continued to pull forward, which was most likely dragging her body along the guardrail. 'cause like her remains kind of were on the rail, So, they're believing like this is how It happened. So as she's being kind of dragged along, this is where it must have ripped off her clothes. And then Also, this is how she got decapitated. Eventually the rest of her body would be dragged out of the car and then left in the, on the road. On the road where she was. Later the police believe struck by at least two semi-truck. Now this account would explain like how in the hell her body ended up So mangled and how Jia exited the car without unlocking or opening the doors.


cause remember when It her car was found, it was running still. but to a lot of people, There were like, things That are still not adding up. Which made it hard to accept this official story from police s like there's no way this makes no sense.


Look, I love the holidays. It's an excuse to celebrate dress up and hang out with friends. but every year I forget just how expensive the holiday season ends up being. you know it's s like I could barely afford to take care of myself For Halloween, sometimes you buy a costume for Thanksgiving pie, you gotta spend money on pie or or Turkey. It's just Christmas. Oh, don't even get E started. It's just money, money, money, money, money. No matter what you're purchasing this holiday season, make sure you're feeling That Holiday magic while still getting cash back on every purchase with Ibotta. Ibotta is a free app. That lets you earn cash back Every time you shop you can earn on hundreds of items from groceries to toys to tech. The average Ibotta user earns $256 per year. I mean that's great news for my holiday budget. You know, with Ibotta you earn cash back. That you can withdraw to your bank account, PayPal or even gift cards. All you have to do is download Ibotta, add offers in the app, upload your receipt, and voila the money is yours. you can save on over 2,400 brands and shop at over a thousand retailers, including your favorite grocery stores. They got Lowe's, Macy's, Sephora, best Buy. I mean there's, there's a lot. Okay, there's a lot. It's time you joined the over 50 million users who use Ibotta to earn cash back every time they shop and keep the holiday magic alive. Right. now Ibotta is offering our listeners $5 just for trying Ibotta by using the code MAKEUP. When you register Just, go to the App Store or Google Play store and download the free Ibotta app to start earning cash back. And make sure to use code MAKEUP, that's Ibotta I B-O-T-T-A in the Google Play or app store and use code MAKEUP.


Did you know every three seconds someone is a victim of identity theft? LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. This cybersecurity awareness month. Adding multi-factor authentication like a text with a security code is one way to boost your security. but for comprehensive protection, trust LifeLock LifeLock alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal info and steps in to resolve issues That arise guaranteed or your money back. Protect yourself with a 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms apply


First when police had searched Jule's car for like her hair, blood clothing on the passenger seat and on the broken window, right? cause if she hit her head, most likely There would be blood, there'd be Something her some, some hair like Something That would show like this actually happened. but There was no visible signs of like droplets of blood. Pools of blood. There was nothing inside the vehicle. And all of the blood, again they were like the stains were on the outside of the vehicle. There are pictures of her car and it's s like most of the blood is on the back of her trunk.


like the, the trunk of the car is where most of the blood was at. This is what I speculated just So whatever. but it looked like if she flew out the passenger side, she kind of hit, must have gone to the roof and then the back of the car. Cause that's where like the stains of blood were at. you know, like she slid back. If she was partially pinned in the car while her body like pressed against the guardrail, you'd think many would think That There would be a lot of physical evidence afterwards. but There just wasn't There, wasn't is bizarre Again, when her car was found, It was still idling and It was like again a quarter mile from her body.


So it's been speculated That, it must, her car must have just kept coasting down the street, After the collision. but the super weird part is That, the car would have to keep co It. It could have kept coasting but it had to coast uphill and navigate two bends in the road unmanned to reach the location where It was found. you, you know, many were asking how the hell does a car like do That on its own? Plus Again, There were acceleration marks on the road near the pools of Julianna's blood. Many thoughts suggesting like someone may have hit the gas pedal After hitting her.


This would be impossible if the car was empty. Acceleration marks s right? People just had questions and beyond That like Julianna's family said, That, the car was in surprisingly good shape when It was recovered and not nearly as damaged as they would think. After striking a guardrail at 70 miles per hour and the guardrail itself remarkably unscathed like There were barely There was like no marks. It was very bizarre. Now to be fair, a lot of this speculation and these questions came from people and their own speculations. you know, like, and many of them don't really have expertise in collisions or traffic accident investigations.


you, you know, it's s like take these claims with a grain of salt but it didn't make sense Right. Now one of the strangest details was the fact That Jill's bra, shirt and coat were found hanging from the guardrail. Very bizarre. Very bizarre. And It was in That order. So, it was like the, her bra was on the bottom and the coat was on top of the bra. If police were accurate and and like the railing ripped her clothing off, then many are thinking like the coat should have been on the bottom 'cause it would be first to come off, right? And then undergarments would be on top of That cause That would be last. And It was just hanging There like it, it looked like someone like placed it in a way.


like it just didn't make sense. And then finally one of the biggest questions was like where the hell did her shoes end up? They never found them. Where were her shoes? They don't know where the shoes went. And it was making E think like I. Wonder if she took her shoes off at some point. like before she drove BABY she left them at That gas station or Something. I mean who knows? but her shoes were missing. That's what we know for sure. So, this was like the police's ruling, right? That she was driving drunk and this is what happened. but the Davis family, they rejected the police's official story and they've been fighting for better answers.


'cause it's s like a lot of it doesn't make sense. So, Gina's mom, her name is Kim, she runs the justice for Jaleayah Facebook page and that's where she shares information and pictures and just questioning everything, right? She really wants like them to reopen the case cause she believes That the family believes it was a homicide. So. Gina's family, I mean they have their own theories as to what happened. Okay? Her mother Kim believes That, you know BABY her, the friend Kristen had more to do like with Julia's death than she had let on. And she came to this conclusion pretty early on and telling officers That, this friend Kristen had a history of like violent fights with other girls.


Also the family found it odd That, right? After everything went down. Kristen had secured a lawyer within 12 hours of Jaya's death. And every, not everyone but Jaya's family found That. you know, It was like suspicion. but to be fair it's s like That is technically what you should do cause right? like you should get a lawyer but at the same time it's you can't win. cause some people were like, oh that's weird That, you got a lawyer, what are you hiding? you know J's mother thought this was super weird 'cause Kristen was the only friend That had lawyered up. Nobody else did on top of That. Kristen had waited three days before agreeing to do a police questioning So, everyone's s like mm not a great look girl.


Apparently her father told someone with the department That, she didn't feel like talking just yet. She wasn't ready. yes I mean but However, none of this is like automatically damning. It's pretty unlikely That Kristen would've been able to find and hire a lawyer in a matter of hours on a Saturday. It's more likely That. Her family already had like an attorney on retainer or Something like you know, and her hesitancy to agree to an interrogation might have Something to do with her lawyer recommending That she wait, you know? but again it was just kind of weird and not a great look and people are just feeling some sort of way like BABY. Kristen knows more than she's leading on.


Okay So, this whole story is weird, right? We can all gray Well it was even more weird was That. Kristen was seen with Jaya's key chain just days After her death. Now this was weird, this was very weird cause this key chain was a gift from Jaya's sister Toi and the Davis family. They all said like this key chain had a lot of sentimental value to Jia and there's no way like she would remove it from her keys and give it to Kristen and like why would she do That? cause the key chain was on her set of keys, her car keys, That were still in the ignition. When her body was found So like There was no good reason for Kristen to have It.


And everyone thought it was fricking weird, right? like why did she have it? At some point afterwards, like Kristen's lawyer returned the key chain to Jaya's family. But understandably There was still like a lot of tension and a lot of questions. Now There have been tensions between Kristen and Jaya's mom. It's been ongoing but ultimately it's s like hard to say who to believe here Kim has her reasons to suspect Kristen Well. Kristen insists That, she's innocent and there's no smoking gun to prove either person is correct in this situation and to make matters even more complicated, additional witnesses have come forward to just make things more confusing.


Way more confusing. Okay, So There was another friend of J's, his name is Justin So. There's Justin Guy. He goes to police to like report some rumors That he had been hearing, of course authorities always have to take like unverified gossip with a grain of salt. but Justin insists That like this speculation was common knowledge within his social circle. So, according to Justin the night That Jah had died. Jia was in the car with Freddy, Kristen and another person named Nicole. This is what according to Justin and Justin is like the only person who ever mentioned this other person. Nicole, at some point Justin said That, Kristen and Jaleayah started to fight about Something involving a house key and then the car had some mechanical issue on the freeway right when the house key argument was getting like super heated So, they pull over and Justin said That, Kristen and Freddie became violent towards Jaleayah.


I guess first Freddie dragged Jua out of the car, then Kristen physically attacked Jaleayah and like smashed her head into the guardrail. Then someone got behind the wheel. Justin said he wasn't sure who but someone did and that's what happened. but this unidentified driver was able to start the vehicle back up then speed forward and run Jaleayah over which killed her. And according to this guy Freddy, Kristen and a Nicole decided to flee the crime scene. So first they left the car and drive and let it like coast away from Jaya's body. Then they took off somehow like on foot whatever. Justin, when he was saying all this, he wasn't clear on how they escaped with no vehicle but he speculated That, they probably hitchhiked or called someone and got a ride another way.


you know So, if any of this was true, It would explain how Julia's body ended up So mangled while leaving minimal damage on the guardrail and on top of That it would make sense why her blood was like on the outside of the car, right? like cause right? It kind, it made sense. but of course this was just gossip and it's not clear even where it came from. There's no proof. you know So, it seems like the police, they really didn't take Justice's story very seriously. But then in February, 2012, about three months After Jule's death, another witness comes forward and this time she's not just repeating rumors, she tells police That.


She actually saw the lead up to Jal's homicide bold claims. This woman, her name was Ember, you know interesting name Ember. but she files a police report saying That, she was at Nip and Q and saw Jia get into a fight in the parking lot and she got into a fight with like these two men and a woman So according to Ember After the confrontation Jia drove away in her car and then the people That she was fighting with, they ended up getting injured through their own vehicle and they, they followed her and chased her. She said That, the people following her were like driving really aggressively trying to push Gia off the road and eventually they succeeded.


According to Ember After, JIA was driven off the road I. Guess that's when she physically got out of the car and that's all she knew. Police had this girl ember take a polygraph test to see if she was like telling the truth or not and she actually fails. Which on its own it doesn't mean much cause it feel like we all know That ly detector tests. They are not very reliable. I don't even know why they still do them, right? but once she gets to polygraph results, Ember confesses, That, she made up the whole story. yes, not just once but she made It up like multiple times.


Now thank God like she actually got charged with filing a false police report and she was sentenced to six months in prison and a $500 fine. This is literally the only conviction and the only criminal charge That was ever filed in relation to Jaya's death. Even with new rumors and tips, police are still confident. That, she lost her life in a tragic accident and nothing more That said the sheriff's department had said That, they might reopen Jaya's file if anyone can present any compelling information or give them a reason to do So. As of yet it doesn't seem That anyone has managed to come forward and give like some concrete evidence, you know for them to reopen It.


Now There is like one questions that's still unanswered and if we could solve this part of the Mystery, it would help break open the larger questions of whether Jah was murdered or not or like was she alone when she died? If Jah was in the car with someone else, it would give That other person the means motive and opportunity to hit Jah and like drive away if she was on her own. The police's story of a single car accident is really the only credible explanation for how she was ejected from the car and given the amount of damage to the passenger side of the vehicle, it's very unlikely anyone could have been in the crash without sustaining injuries like a passenger or Something.


And at the very least if someone was with her they'd have cuts, bruises stuff. That would be visible when police were going around questioning everybody on top of That. It's believed That, Jah was alone in the car cause on the passenger seat where some of J's s like personal items, like some of her clothes as if she was gonna stay the night. you know I needed a change of of clothing. It seemed like her MAKEUP bag was There as Well and That. Two investigators suggested That like no one was sitting There, it was just her. Typically in a crash like this, police wouldn't have to rely on any like guesswork. Many cars have what's called a passenger presence detection system or PPDS.


And this is like a device. That can determine if anyone is in a particular seat during a drive and that's how the car quote unquote decides which airbags to deploy. In the event of an accident. The car Also has a supplemental restraint system or SRS and That can detect how much weight is on a seat and determine if the person is actually using their seatbelt. So usually like this is the information police will have to determine if someone was with them, right? but when Gina's car crashed, the passenger airbag did not go off and both the driver and passenger seat belts were unbuckled.


Additionally, the driver and passenger side both failed to activate That device. That makes your your seatbelt tighten. If, you tug it too hard. So to investigators. This all suggested That. The car system as a whole failed to detect anyone with Jia However. When mechanics examined her vehicle, they found an air code. That suggested the PPDS was malfunctioning at the time of the crash. you know, we're the odds, huh? like they need That information. Of course it was malfunctioning and it had been for nearly like a full day prior to the collision. This unfortunately timed air meant That. It was impossible for investigators to say for sure if like anyone else was in the car, police felt That.


They still didn't have any concrete reason to reverse their ruling That. Julia's death again was an accident. So That may not be the only reason why the police didn't wanna look too closely into this case. you see, three of Jillian's companions That night were children or grandchildren of current or former police officers. So. Many were believing That. The investigators might be incentivized to rule the death as an accident even if the evidence pointed, you know, towards homicide being, you know, to protect the children. And given all like the swirling questions, That still persist about Julia's death. A lot of amateur and online sleuths have presented their own theories about what happened and many have like accused Kristen of getting away with Murder, finding her whole story to be suspect.


More importantly, There isn't any hard physical evidence to even suggest That. Kristen had anything to do with the crash. like really personally I, I don't I, don't think I don't think she had anything to do with it. I just, that's a personal opinion. I don't know, I don't know. Actually I don't know, you know, know all the speculation. It's just circumstantial. So. If Jaleayah was murdered, the culprit could be someone else entirely. Who knows? Still the accusations have seriously ruined Kristen's life. Her attorney says That, she deals with constant harassment and she's s like cons. She has to move somewhere where no one will know her.


It's just a whole mess in the end. It could be tricky to say like what the answer is. If the police's account is true and Juliana really died in a horrible accident, then the fair next step would be to find a way to let, to let go and allow her to rest in peace. You know? but if Jaleayah was murdered, then It makes sense to continue to apply pressure until her case is reopened at this time. Really it's impossible to know which explanation is true and it might be one of those things That we'll never know unless someone comes forward with new evidence. So, this whole story is just really confusing. There's So many things.


That don't make sense and at the end Julia's family just wants answers. And you know, I just hope. That, they, they get That. She's just sad. I can't imagine losing your daughter and not having any answers, right? So many questions. Her mom, Kim still runs the Facebook page still like she posts stuff like pictures of the vehicle, just questioning everything, really trying to get the case reopened. cause a lot of It doesn't make sense. The fact That her, her clothes were hanging on the the railing, the guardrail thing, none of it. Her car being way down. There. People just have questions.


s right. Julia's family believes That Something happened. That night, Something That like changed her plans. They don't know what, but they know or they believe someone else was involved with Julia's death. Well That is the Mystery around Jaleayah Davis story. Really many believe That. There was someone else involved, but there's Also a good amount of people who believed That. It truly was just like she was driving drunk and that's what caused It. you know, it's been about 12 years and there's still questions. you know, be safe out There and don't leave your friends alone places if they've been drinking.


yes, I, think That is the biggest tip here. If, you are hanging out with your friends and one of them is being kind of like, you know, BABY, you're mad at them or whatever. you still, you should never just drop them off somewhere and leave them There, right? Take care of one another and look out for one another. All right, promise. Great I, hope you have a good day. Make good choices and I'll be seeing you guys later. Goodbye.