
Hi friends, how are you today? My name is Bailey Sarian, and today is Monday, which means it's Murder, Mystery and Makeup Monday. Hi, If you are new here. Hi, my name is Bailey Sarian and on Mondays I sit down and I talk about a true crime story that's been heavy on my noggin, and I do my makeup at the same time. If you're interested in true crime and you like makeup, I would say subscribe, because I'm here for you on Mondays. So today we are diving deep into a story that has like all the elements of a Shakespearean tragedy. Oh yes. A world famous athlete, a beautiful model, a brutal crime, and a courtroom drama that really captivated the world.


Today I'm gonna be talking about Oscar Pastorius, the man who went from being a celebrated sports hero to a convicted murderer. Oscar's story isn't just about like one night of violence. It's a tale of triumph, fame, and a fall from gray set. Really shocked everyone. So let's start at the beginning, right? We always do with the birth of a baby boy who would go on to be known as the Blade Runner. Oscar Pistorius was born November 22nd, 1986 in Johannesburg, South Africa. His family wasn't the wealthiest by any means, but they were comfortable when he was growing up.


Like the family lived a decent middle class life. So when Oscar was born, it, I guess it was clear from like the start that his life would be anything but ordinary. He was born with a congenital birth defect, known as fibula, him. Amelia, try not to laugh, but if only you knew how long I've been sitting here trying to get that, get that word out of me. So basically what I'm trying to say is he was born without the fibula in both of his legs. Now the fibula is kind of important. It's like one of the two long bones in your lower leg. Now it's a crucial bone because it supports the larger tibia, and without it walking can be a severe challenge.


Now, this condition, fibular Hema, I guess is like, it's pretty rare, and it happens early in pregnancy between like the sixth and the eighth week when the limb buds are forming. Now the exact cause, I guess is like, it's still a Mystery. It's possible that it has something to do with the activation of the genes responsible for forming the baby's legs. But they don't really know. No one really knows. For some, the condition is mild affecting just like one limb, and it can be corrected with surgery. But in Oscar's case, the deformity was pretty severe.


So I guess his feet were all so malformed. He had just like two toes on each foot, the big toe and the index. So upon the doctor's recommendation, the parents, you know, they had to make a tough decision and they decided to just have Oscar's legs amputated from like halfway between the knee and the ankle at just 11 months old. You know, the doctors as assured it, it was gonna be like the best option for him. So Oscar was fitted with prosthetics before he turned two years old, and then by 17 months he was walk-in. But Oscar's life wasn't all like hardships and challenges, like things were good.


He came from a loving family. His parents ended up getting divorced when he was like seven years old. And you know, divorce can be like really tough on kids. But for Oscar, I don't wanna say it was, it wasn't bad. 'cause I'm sure it hurt in some way, but like he was lucky that both of his parents remained actively involved in his life. I know, shocker. I was like, wow. Rare in these stories, huh? So Oscar would mainly live with his mother, and his mom was said to be like strong, supportive, you know, she also made sure that he maintained a relationship with his father.


There were like no strict rules about visitation with daddy. And all of the kids were encouraged to spend time with, with both parents. So Oscar's parents, they wanted him to spend his kid years and his teenage years like any other kid his age. So they sent him to a mainstream school instead of going to like a, a school for children with special needs. And it was said from a very young age, he developed a passion for sports. So it was said in school that he just threw himself into a variety of activities from tennis to cricket, soccer, gymnastics, wrestling, you name it.


Oscar was all up in it. He would even go on to compete in triathlons and he would lift weights with his dad. I mean, nothing was stopping the sky. He ended up getting his very first medal in wrestling. I don't know how, but like again, nothing was stopping the sky.


If you've been following me for a long time, then you know my struggle with the hormonal breakouts along my jawline. I've done a couple of YouTube videos on it where I shared like my skincare routine, and I showed pictures also of how bad my skin got. Like I'm, I wasn't trying to be cute with one or two pimples and being like, oh my God, I'm breaking out so bad. No, my whole jawline was filled with these painful, painful hormonal cysts. And it happens every time I get really stressed and that's when I know it's like, okay girl, you gotta go outside, touch some grass, go on a walk, get it together. Okay, your body's telling you you are stressed the F out. So while I am managing my stress, this is when I really, really depend on Apostrophe. Yeah. And that's why I'm always so happy to be partnering with Apostrophe. The sponsor of today's episode, Apostrophe, If You Don't Know, is an online platform that connects you with an expert dermatology team to get customized acne and dermatology treatment for your unique skin. So whether you're dealing with mysterious breakouts, signs of aging or random dark spots, Apostrophe helps you get access to the right treatments for your skin through Apostrophe. You can get access to oral and topical medications you might need for your skin concerns to get set up. All you have to do is fill out an online consultation about your skin goals and your medical history. Then snap a few selfies, and a dermatology provider will create a specialized treatment plan just for you. So for me, I hopped right back onto my Apostrophe account and I was like, Hey you guys, hi, it's me again. Hormonal breakouts are happening. Help me out. They send me products in the mail delivered right to my door, and it's the same products that my dermatologist recommended to me that I had to drive an hour to go get. And then it was a whole process to like get the actual treatment stuff, you know? So it's so nice to avoid all that and just go through Apostrophe, talk to an expert, talk to a dermatologist, and then get the skincare products I need right at my front door. Right now we have a special deal for our audience. You can get your first visit for only $5 at Apostrophe dot com slash makeup. When you use our code makeup, that's a savings of $15. This code is only available to our listeners. To get started, just go to Apostrophe dot com slash makeup and then click get started. Then use our code makeup at signup and you'll get your first visit for only $5. A big thank you to Apostrophe for sponsoring today's episode.


Now, let's get back to the story. So as a teenager, Oscar attended Pretoria Boys High School. It was an English language boarding school, and when he was here, he found himself in like a whole new world. It was the first time he was living outside of Johannesburg, and while he, he definitely had to participate or like endure the typical hazing of a boarding school. For the most part, he was largely like accepted by his peers. So Oscar started playing rugby and water polo, you know, very serious sports, especially for someone like not trying to be mean, but you know, like he had had prosthetic lakes, but he was making it fricking work, okay?


Nothing was stopping this kid, by this time when he was playing these sports, he was using a much lighter hooked shape prosthesis. But you know, these weren't really perfect. You know, they often, I guess they, they broke a lot, which would cause him a lot of frustration, especially when he was trying to like kick butt and then it would break on him. Then at the age of 15, Oscar experienced another life altering event. His mom ended up passing away following like complications from a hysterectomy. Yeah, completely unexpected, you know, and this was devastating to Oscar.


His mom was like his rock. She was always there to support him, encourage him. Her death seemed to like just leave a major void, you know, that would never be filled. But Oscar, his life, you know, his life goes on. And in 2003 while playing rugby, he ended up like injuring his knee. At first, he didn't like think it was a big deal, right? He ended up like finishing the match. But by the next day it was very clear to him that something was seriously wrong. So this injury that he got, it didn't require surgery, but it did require extensive rehab, which included running and water aerobics.


And it was around this time that Oscar started wearing his new prosthesis. It's called the, like the Cheetah. First of all, it was like, wow, cool. It's a different kind of design, okay? These were like game changers for him, and they were the ones that he could, he would wear throughout his whole athletic career. It was like this hook shape. I forget what it was made out of, but it wouldn't snap like all the other ones would. And it was just groundbreaking. His first race with the cheetahs was a a 100 meter sprint, and he ended up clocking in at 11.72 seconds.


Now his dad was like, holy, it's Toledo, you know, he was so impressed. So he started like looking up, his dad started looking up times that other people have done this, and he that he realized that Oscar, his time would actually qualify him for a world record in his Paralympic category. So once his dad and Oscar like realized that, you know, he was good, he was real good, you know, Oscar was about to take the world by storm. So after this first race, I think Oscar, like, you know, he had a goal. Now he had a, he had a goal. So he threw himself into intense training.


He ended up qualifying for the 2004 Paralympic games in Athens, where he ended up winning silver in the 100 meters and 100 meter, 100 meters. He won silver and then he got gold in the 200 meters. So he complete, he set a new world record. Do you know how hard that is to do? Yeah. You know how hard that is to do. Like what this guy he did, he was doing it. He set these new world records, but Oscar was not satisfied. He wanted to compete outside of the disabled races. In 2005, he competed in the South African Championships and he ended up coming in sixth in the 400 meters.


It was like his first race against able-bodied athletes. Sixth plays. I mean, that's pretty damn good, right? And like he didn't stop there. By 2007, he was competing internationally, finishing second in the gold Gala, 400 meters race, which was in Rome. But you know, like you win some, you lose some because he ended up competing in another race in Sheffield where he would end up like finishing last. As Oscar's fame grew, so did the scrutiny. People started to question like, Hey, are his prosthetic legs giving him an unfair advantage? You know, they bounce feet don't B, you know, they're just like looking for reasons to pick it apart.


In 2007, the International Amateur Athletic Federation, or IAAF, they expanded their rules to ban any quote technical device that incorporates springs wheels or any other element. You know, their reason was like, they believe that it gave the athlete an advantage, essentially to Oscar. And like a lot of people, it felt like they were specifically targeting Oscar, his cheetahs, and like anything like that, the IAAF, they said it was because like there was these new shoes out that had springs in the bottom of them and they were like, no, no, we, we did this because we wanna make sure those shoes don't make it in to the competition.


But again, a lot of people thought like, hmm, just seems like it's against Oscar. Oscar. You know, when he heard this, he fought back, he got a team together, he got a team of like scientists together to prove that his prosthesis did not give him a fair unfair advantage. Sorry, unfair advantage. So the ruling was essentially overturned, which would allow Oscar to compete. But the controversy really never died down. Like people, people really thought like it was truly unfair. So despite, you know, the ongoing debate, Oscar made history in 2012 by qualifying for the 400 meters and the four by 400 relay at the Summer Olympics in London.


First double amputee to compete in the Olympic Games. Pretty groundbreaking, you know? Now he didn't win. But his participation in itself again was groundbreaking because he was the first double amputee to race in the Olympic Games. Like, right? So Oscar, he had carried like the South African flag in the closing ceremony, and then he went on to win gold in the four by 100 meters, and he won silver in the 200 meters at the 2012 Paralympics. So he is kicking ass, okay? Just wouldn't seem like Oscar Pistorius was like on the top of the world, really.


His life took a dark and tragic turn. Reeva Steincamp was born in Cape Town, South Africa in 1983. Now she was stunning. She was beautiful, she was intelligent. She was able to juggle a law degree and be like a successful model. Wow. You know, by 2007 she had moved to Johannesburg after being chosen as like the face of Avon in South Africa. Avon, the makeup company. So she was now the face of Avon.


Now at this time, her, her career was on the rise. She had big plans. She even like applied to the bar in 2011, hoping, you know, to qualify as a legal advocate. By 2013, I guess she and her friend had discussed like possibly starting a law firm that would be meant to help abused women. So then November, 2012, Reeva and Oscar, they ended up meeting, I guess they met through like mutual friends. They were at some kind of car event. They were introduced, and they must have just hit it off their relationship.


Like it became public pretty quickly. Both at this time were well-known figures in South Africa, and they were good looking, you know, and they just attracted a lot of media attention. By all accounts, they were both deeply in love, you know, and it wouldn't be long. It was like months later. Their love story comes with like a devastating end, just like months later. It's where it gets a little funky right here, Hannah.


Hey, I don't know if you know this about me, but I love a good Mystery, especially if it's a murder Mystery. I also love a good video game. You know, one that I could just kind of zone out on, whatever, you know. So when I heard about this murder Mystery video game, I was like, yes, tell me more. Go on. Well, you might have heard me talk about it before. Okay. 'cause I freaking love this game. It's called June's Journey. Yeah. So it's all about using your observational skills. So if you're an observer like me, you will love this game. Okay? The main character of the game, her name is June. She's trying to uncover like this dark family secret to find out the truth behind her sister's tragic murder. I know. So while you play, you are exploring these gorgeous, hidden object scenes. They're set in places like New York, Paris, blah, blah, blah. And everything is set in like the 1920s. So it's almost like you're stepping into a time capsule when you play. Plus, it's so vibrant and beautiful. Each chapter of the journey reveals new mysteries. You have to untangle along the way. You can collect little bits of information to fill your photo album and learn about more. Each character you meet as you try to solve the Mystery and get closer to the truth. So every level is like a little bit more difficult, you know? So it's always a fun challenge. You can join something called a detective club to chat and play with others. Oh, the game is so fun. It's so fun. And, and If you like looking at things and finding and solving puzzles and using your brain, hmm, you're gonna love this game. June's journey lets you escape reality and join an exciting world of murder, Mystery and romance. You could even enjoy seasonal content with changing challenges, stunning landscapes and, and exclusive rewards year round. Discover your inner detective when you download June s Journey for free today on iOS and Android.


So it's Valentine's Day 2013. It's like the early morning Oscar woke up in the middle of the night and he fired four shots with a gun, four shots through the locked door of his bathroom. Well, let me rephrase that. He shot at the bathroom door, which was locked, and somebody was on the, the other end. He said that morning or late at night, he heard a window open and he believed that there was an intruder and this intruder had entered the house. So he said that he panicked. He got up out of bed and he walked on his stumps.


He grabbed his gun and then he fired thinking he was defending himself from this intruder, right? And he would later say he believed that Reeva was sleeping in bed next to him. So according to Oscar, he, you know, came down the hallway towards the bathroom with a gun in hand. He then shouted down the hall to the bathroom for the intruder to flee. Oscar said that he needed, or he wanted to get between this intruder and Reeva and that he needed to approach this person because he, Oscar couldn't run away without his legs.


That's when he fired four shots from his nine millimeter pistol. And then Oscar realized, he said he then realized that Reeva wasn't in bed. And at that moment, the horrifying truth had dawned on him that he had just shot and killed his girlfriend. So the bathroom door was locked, but behind the door was Reeva. Reeva was shot in the head, pelvis in the hand. I guess she had, she died almost instantly. Well, 9 1 1 was called. And so the paramedics, they arrived on the scene. But you know, at that point when they showed up, it was too late.


Her body was removed around 8:30 AM and Oscar Pistorius was taken into custody and was being charged with murder. So details start coming out, you know, and they're just swirling around because people don't know whether like Oscar's telling the truth. Was it really just like this awful accident where he was trying to protect himself and his lover from an intruder? Or had he intentionally killed Reeva after a heated argument? Now according to Oscar, it was like he heard this intruder and he didn't put on his prosthetic legs.


He just got up. He grabbed his gun and he wanted to confront the intruder and protect Reeva. So he just like saw that the door was shut, I guess saw that the light was on and just shot at the door. That was his reasoning. But a lot of people out there are like, dude, the first thing I would do is like, look to see if my partner's there. If my partner's not there, then I would assume it was them. If they are there, then I would like act. But you wouldn't just shoot at a door, you would wait for a confrontation. So there's a lot of like, I don't know, dude, I don't know, like he's not dumb. But according to Oscar, because he didn't have his prosthetic legs on it, to him was like, I have to shoot this person 'cause I can't run away and I can't defend myself.


That was his reasoning. I was like, I don't fucking know, bro. I don't know what this one, so you know, the media's reporting on this. People were like, shock's done. What? Like, they just couldn't wrap their head around this. Who do you believe? So Oscar's ex-girlfriend, gotta love an ex-girlfriend. 'cause you know she's gonna got, she's gonna have the truth. Her name was Samantha Taylor. Now she would later testify that Oscar was quick to anger and that he would often scream at her and her family. She even went on to say that Oscar cheated on her multiple times and he never went anywhere without his gun.


Now does that make him a murderer? No. But it doesn't look good, right? But then she said, she said, this is the ex-girlfriend. She said that there were a couple of times that he had drawn his gun and fired it out of anger on more than one occasion. So I wonder, this is like a side note and has nothing to do with anything, but I wonder what he was so mad about. Like he had such a loving mom. Usually like when you have a shit mom or something you like, you know, it kinda, this whole anger thing makes sense. It doesn't make sense, but you get what I'm saying. Like, but he had such a loving mom, so I don't know, what am I getting at?


I don't know. It's just like different, you know? So Reva's family was convinced that like the killing was not an accident. And you know, they weren't the only ones who felt this way. Again, the media, the media was all over this, and the public opinion was divided. Some people truly believed that, like, you know, well, they saw Oscar as like a tragic figure. A man who just, he made a terrible mistake in the heat of the moment trying to protect his home and his loved one. And then others believed that he was like this cold-blooded killer who had finally just like snapped and shown his true colors.


So on March 3rd, 2014, Oscar Pistorius, his trial started and it was at the pre Pretoria high court. So the prosecution was arguing that the killing was premeditated. They presented evidence from neighbors. Now, these neighbors said that they heard a domestic squabble around 3:00 AM followed by gunshots. There were some that even said that they heard a woman scream before the gunshots had fired. They heard screaming. Now, Oscar's defense argued that it was actually him screaming and he was screaming at the intruder to like, I don't know, stop or something.


But Oscar's team was like, yeah, it was, it was him. He was the one screaming. Now the trial, it was a media sensation. I mean, every detail was scrutinized, every piece of evidence dissected. People just really didn't know what to believe. Prosecutors said that morning, Oscar, he had time to put on his prosthetic legs. And to them, this was showing the court that he was not in a hurry, as he said he was, but rather that he was cool and collected as he went to kill his girlfriend. Now listen, this was like the big debate. If he put on his legs to them, this meant that it was premeditated.


If he didn't put on his prosthetic legs, then that meant he was truly like in a hurry, just like trying to confront the killer or the, the person who broke in. So they were focusing hard on this part, the defense. They even brought in the bathroom door as evidence to show the angle of the bullet holes. And by these angles, it proved that Oscar was not wearing his prosthetic legs, meaning it was not premeditated. They were arguing that, you know, without his prosthetic legs, he was very vulnerable. And which explained like his panicked response, the prosecution.


They also pointed out that Reeva had brought her phone with her into the bath. Remember, it's like 3:00 AM or something like that. So she brought her phone with her into the bathroom. They believed, and they were saying that she was trying to call someone to like, come and pick her up, call someone for help, just call someone. The defense came back and said, you know, she's just a young woman. She's just attached to her phone like everyone else. Like, that's why she brought her phone with her. I don't know how I feel about that one. I'm trying to think about it because like, I get it, like being attached to your phone and like bring it with, with you everywhere. But like, If you got up from sleep, let's say to go to the bathroom, the first thing I don't know about you guys, but I know I don't grab my phone.


If I've woken up from sleep to go to the bathroom, I take my phone. If like I'm being shady, if I'm trying to low key call someone or text someone and not get caught, I'll lock myself in the bathroom. I don't do that now, but like I used to, you know, you'd go in the bathroom and lock the door and be like, fuck. Right? But we don't know. We don't know like what she was doing. But again, Oscar's team, they were like Oscar and Reeva. They had just bought each other presents recently. Remember it was Valentine's Day. They had just bought each other presents. So they were in a good spot in their relationship.


They got presents and therefore Oscar did not plan to the murder presents. That's why, which might be true, I don't know.


I was looking through my closet and I realized that I've been wearing the same clothes for the last 10 years. I hate shopping. I really do. I don't do it often. I wear what I have and that's it. But I am getting a little bit older and I could use some new pieces. Especially when it comes to like attending a wedding. I can't be dressed in like a hoe bag to a wedding. I need something a li you know, I need a little help. Okay? That's why I decided to turn to Stitch Fix. Yeah, stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that helps your style without the stress. All you have to do is sign up for an account, enter some information about your style and budget, and then you're assigned a Stitch Fix stylist. Stitch Fix stylist. Discover personalized pieces just for you and in your size. Thank you so much. Don't send me something that's long I'll fit right? Then on top of that, they ship the item straight to your door. Stitch Fix doesn't force a subscription service on you. You can choose to order a box of clothing picked for you by your stylist, or you can just skip. It's up to you. Plus, on top of that, when it shows up to your house, it's nice because you could try everything on in the comfort of your own home and then you can keep what you want and then send back what you don't want and, or maybe send back everything If you don't like anything. Or maybe keep everything, If you like anything, it's really up to you. A nice little perk with Stitch Fix is like when they send you the items, they also send like styling tips and tricks, recommendations, outfit ideas, you know, with the items in your, in your box. So you're like, oh, I wouldn't have thought of putting that leather jacket with that skirt. You know, it's just helpful. I'm a visual person. I, I need that kind of stuff. If you want style without the crowds, the stores the harsh lighting, try stitch. Fix Personal styling for everyone. Get started today at stitchfix.com/makeup. That's stitchfix.com/makeup.


The defense countered by saying that Oscar's actions were those of a terrified man. A man who felt he had no choice but to defend himself and his loved one. They argued that Oscar was suffering from generalized anxiety disorder, which made him hyper vi vigi, vigilant, hypervigilant. There we go. Also prone to panic. Therefore, this is why he reacted the way he did. Side note, my opinion, I don't know If you are trying to protect your loved one, wouldn't your first response to be like when you heard someone come in, you wake up, you look over, is my loved one there?


If they are and I'm hearing a noise, then I react. If I wake up because I hear something, would your response be to just go and not look right? That part doesn't make sense. And then they're saying like, look, just because he didn't have his prosthetic legs on it meant that it wasn't premeditated. But like, You know, I dunno, I dunno, I dunno. Maybe he thought that part through. Maybe he's like, Hey, if I don't put on my, my prosthetic legs, then I can be like, I didn't know I, I'm helpless. Just the, the point of him waking up and reacting and not checking her in the bed, it to me that is suspicious.


Okay, that's questionable. That, and she was in that bathroom with her phone probably like, fuck, I need to get the fuck outta here. Did anyone look up like what she was searching on her phone? I should have looked that up. I can't remember. I don't remember that being brought up. But you know, too many questions. The prosecution had argued that he knew there was a human being in the bathroom and his intention was to kill that human being. And they were like, look, if Oscar had shot into a cubicle knowing that there was like a human in this cubicle, then he would be found guilty of murder, right? You can't just like shoot and be reckless about it.


And because Oscar had said that he wanted to shoot the intruder and not his girlfriend does not change the fact that it was murder. He should be punished for murder is what they're getting at. His plan was to kill who was ever in the room. The media, the public, everyone was very torn. Very torn. And then sentencing or the verdict and all that jazz happened on September 11th, 2014. Judge Tcole Macpa, did I do that? Okay. Anyways, but this judge, she delivered her ver verdict. Now very controversial.


She acquitted Oscar of murder citing that he did not foresee the possibility of someone dying as a result of his actions. You know, many disagreed with that because If you have a gun and you're shooting towards someone or at someone, you think the result might be dying, but whatever. Instead she found him guilty of quote, culpable homicide end quote or negligent killing. The judge ruled that the prosecution had not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that he had intended to kill Riva or anyone else. Now, this distinction was crucial in determining his sentencing.


On October 21st, Oscar was sentenced to five years for negligent homicide and an additional three years for I guess an unrelated gun charge. His team was trying to get the judge to give him like a house arrest. But the judge ruled that he should serve time behind bars to send a message to society. Do you think he was doing steroids and that's why he had such a crazy reaction? Sorry, I just now thought about it. 'cause usually, you know, sometimes steroids are involved and when steroids are involved, they get crazy.


Which would make sense. Why he was, was like, would be shooting, I don't know. I'm just trying to think. Again, the public opinion or their reaction to all this was very mixed. Some felt that like justice had been served and then others believed that the sentence was like, it was, it was too kind. The debate over whether Oscar was a murder or like a man who just made like a tragic mistake, really just continued to rage. So the prosecution, they were not satisfied with the sentence. They were like, Hey, this is way too light and completely inappropriate for the circumstances.


So then in December, 2015, the Supreme Court ended up overturning the conviction and found Oscar guilty of murder. God, I wonder if he was doing steroids. Not that it excuses his behavior, but it would make a lot of sense. Would it? I don't know. Maybe. Anyhow, he's overturned guilty. The court ruled that Oscar should have like foreseen that firing four shots into a small enclosed space like a bathroom would have lethal consequences regardless of who was behind the door.


Snaps. That makes sense, right? The appeals court handed the case back to the trial court for re-sentencing. So in July of 2016, that same judge, judge Mepa sentenced Oscar to six years in prison for murder. Just six years. Just a little sprinkle. I think this judge like had a crush on him or something because technically this sentence, the six years, it was like way below the prescribed minimum of 15 years for murder in South Africa. So again, led to some controversy. People are like, what the fuck is going on right now?


Now the judge said because of Oscar's disability and his apparent remorse, this was the reason for the lighter sentence. Judge, I have a question statement. Maybe because like the whole time Oscar like didn't wanna be treated like a, a man who had a disability, he wanted to be treated like normal. Now's your chance. Treat him like normal. Well, it sounds like it's over, but it's not because the state wasn't done yet. Prosecutors appealed once more, arguing that the six year sentence was shockingly lenient. I mean it was in November of 2017, the Supreme Court of Appeal agreed and they increased Oscar's sentence to 13 years and five months.


So then fast forward to November of 20, 23, 6 years after the Supreme Court of Appeal had handed down its final sentence, it was announced that Oscar Pastorius would be released on parole. Now the parole board set his release for January 5th, 2024. Now it said that his parole conditions are strict. He moved in with his uncle in the Pretoria suburb of water goof. There's like a random K in this word. Water klu. Water klu. Anyways, he moved there and this I guess is like the same place that he was staying during his trial.


His parole conditions include attending therapy sessions, anger management programs and programs on violence against women. He's also required to complete community service hours, meet regularly with parole officers and be subjected to unannounced visits until the end of his sentence in 2029. Now, Reeva Ste Camp's mother, her name's June, she didn't oppose Oscar's release, but express concerns about his huge anger issues is what she said, which she felt hadn't been addressed in prison. I guess she had opted to not attend the parole hearing saying that she couldn't face him again at this stage.


Now, Reva's father, his name was Barry, he had passed away like earlier that year, but before his death, he actually met with Oscar as a part of like the rehabilitation process. We can only imagine what was said. I, we don't, we don't know, you know. But Oscar Pistorius was quietly released on January 5th, 2024. He is not permitted to speak to the media as per his parole conditions, but his lawyer mentioned that Oscar's parole allows him limited time each week to attend work commitments and church. He must also continue his therapy and rehabilitation efforts and just be a real good boy.


It's just so different, huh? Like America versus anywhere else. Really. Like they actually, he still, he murdered someone look real talk, but like at least they're like, they put you in a bunch of programs and like trying, I don't know, try and help some kind of way they do kind of in America, but like, not really. Not really. Maybe it's better there. I don't know. I don't think it's better there, but I don't know. What am I getting at? I don't fucking know. What am I even getting at? Nah, I don't know. So here we are. Oscar Pistorius is on parole. His career is in ruins and his life is forever marked by the events of February 14th, 2013.


Are we supposed to feel bad? He's the one that picked up the gun. He's the one that shot at the bathroom door. He's the one that got up. He's him, him, him, him, him, him. You gotta take some responsibility for yourself there, bud. Okay, you murdered someone and who like really knows if it was on purpose or not? I think it, I think, I think, I think it, I think it was, I don't know. I mean it's really unlikely we will ever know, like whether Oscar truly intended to kill Reeva. He continues to maintain that. It was a tragic accident saying quote, I did take Reva's life and I have to live with it.


But regardless of like whether it was a heat of of the moment argument, a premeditated act or like an attempt to protect horribly gone wrong, the reality remains that re must Stine camp was killed at the hands of Oscar Historias. Period. I mean, it's a tragedy that's left scars not just on those directly involved, but on everyone who like followed the case, who saw the rise of this amazing guy, right? And then the fall of this global icon. Mm mm mm Well friends, thanks for hanging out with me today.


Purpose, not purpose, huh? Doesn't matter. He's out now. You know, at least he still gets to live. Reeva does not. She has so much going for her too. It's such a shame. Fuck. Well guys, I hope you have a good rest of your day. You make good choices, you be safe out there and I'll be seeing you guys really soon.