(1s):
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And. now on Spotify and Apple Podcast If, you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website? go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch, go to DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.

(45s):
Hey, This is Red Band company, Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony. It's Good. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? We are here. Make some extra Brian Redban. Ladies and gentlemen,

(1m 26s):
this KILL TONY brought to you by SimpliSafe

(1m 29s):
Talkspace and Express VPN Guys, how about one more time for the best damn band in the land, huh? Wow. Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castile, Esteban Viejo, Michael Gonzalez, fucking quiet ass crowd. Make some fucking noise for the band. Matt mulling on the electric Jon Deas, and the great D Madness on the bass guitar. Ladies and gentlemen. What? Michael? What is it? It's not Esteban Viejo. What is it? It's fucking Raul Vallejo.

(2m 11s):
Ladies and gentlemen. Ah ha ha ha. The horn section, groove line horns. Ladies and gentlemen are, as I call them, nachos Bel Grande. Indeed. A lot of fun stuff planned this episode Action Pack. Before we start, here's a little bit more from the amazing sponsors that made it all possible for you. FOR FREE. Right now here live The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin. Texas is now open, Check out Red Band secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.

(2m 59s):
This episode is brought to you by The Weather Channel. It's suggested that brands avoid using sound effects and podcast ads. And remember to speak in a chill tone. Well, here's a suggestion for Everyday life. Tap into the Weather Channel app. It's loaded with insights that help you manage your allergies. Breathe easy and use your outside voice. What in the weather are you waiting for? Be a force of nature with the Weather Channel app.

(3m 28s):
I just MailChimp my marketing You, MailChimp, your what? I MailChimp my marketing with AI to create an effective marketing campaign in minutes. No MailChimp and way. Yes, MailChimp. And way. Now I can hyper personalize my campaigns across email and SMS. You can do All that with MailChimp. What did I just MailChimp and say, MailChimp your marketing with the number one AI powered email marketing and automation platform. Intuit, MailChimp. Number one, based on publicly available data on competitors, customers, plans, vary. SMS available as add-ons. Visit mailchimp.com.

(3m 57s):
Outback steakhouses, great barrier Eats are here for a limited time, starting at just 14 point 99. Dive into Tasty twin reef shrimp, a sizzling bloom and french onion sirloin. And our signature beef and reef platter. How do we do it? We wrangled seasoned scallop, two clicks below, sea level tracked tender sirloin 14 days through the bush. Oh yeah. And I just boiled this pasta. Don't You know. Thanks Tom from Minnesota. Great Barrier Eats starting at 1499 for a limited time. Outback, no rules. Just right.

(4m 27s):
You, guys ready to start tonight's episode? Well, wow. Wow. Every, every single week, I have some of the funniest comedians in the world on this show this week. No different. One of the returns of one of our favorite, greatest guests in the history of the show. And I love to debut a brand new guest who's never done it before. You, know her from the roast of Tom Brady with Meat You. know him as one of the greatest guests and comedians in the history of the show. Make some noise for Sam Jay and GREG FITZSIMMONS.

(5m 8s):
Sam Jay MJ and the Irish goat Greg Fitzsimmons Booya. A perfect chemistry mix here tonight. Two amazing comedians, both from the Boston area, the Upper East Coast. Welcome to the show. Yeah, yeah. SAM JAY. What's up bro? Welcome. Welcome. I love to see. I'm excited. I'm excited to have you. Yeah. Word. I'm also worried I'm gonna end up fishing with Kyle Rittenhouse after this. And I don. It could end up happening. It could end up happening. I don't want that. But other than that, I'm with the shits.

(5m 48s):
I did go a little while during the commercial break. don don't normally do that, but don don't know what came outta me. But I've been on Twitter all weekend and shit's wild over there. I Just didn't expect chanting. That seemed a bit. Sam and I have been partying continuously with each other ever since the Tom Brady roast. We had a fucking magical night. We did. And we continue. That Took her out on our first river trip yesterday. Why do you assume that was my first River in Austin? Alright, cool. Yeah, it's different here. Cool, cool. Everywhere else you've been on. So It's like you're black. Have you ever been, been in a boat? I was like, Yeah. Well, Historically, It's true and true to the stereotype.

(6m 33s):
When we all went, jumped in the water. You stayed on the boat yesterday. In very comfortable fashion. There was no consideration whatsoever of jumping in the water. One more time for the return of Greg Fitzsimmons. Ladies and gentlemen, his new special You know Me, is out now at GREG FITZSIMMONS comedy on YouTube fitz dog.com for his dates coming up in Tulsa and San Francisco. Greg, welcome. It's great to be back. It's just great to see the excitement in these faces out here. It really is Drunk and high and perfect for comedy. It's amazing. We have a sleepy cowboy right here, cowboy.

(7m 13s):
This guy's just fucking exhausted. Yeah. We have a Mexican with braces right here. That's a rare treat. That's a very rare treat. My goodness. What do you do? You chew the bushes while landscaping. It's incredible what a diverse audience we have here. It's absolutely amazing what we have here. It's SAM JAY is in Sacramento and New York City at the Gramercy Theater. Sam Jay Comedy for tickets for that. Sam's first time as a guest on the show. We're gonna have a lot of fun. Sam, you might not know. The 237 human beings names are inside of this bucket right now.

(7m 54s):
A few of them here on the inside, some fans that perhaps signed up for their first chance at being on the show. The rest are filled in a bar across the street. I pull one of these names handed over here and one of our amazing people go grab them from across the street at that bar. When they Get up here, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted You know their time is up. When you hear the sound of a kitten, that means they have to wrap it up then or else They bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts them. They've gone over their time and then we interview them. I interview them and we all just fucking hang out and pitch in and play around and figure out more about them and what makes them interesting.

(8m 36s):
They go from being a comedian to a guest on a podcast in a matter of a minute. And anything can happen. The whole thing is improvised and it should be a wild fucking night. Seems to be a lot of those lately. You guys ready to start tonight's fucking show. So we have a very special order of events tonight. Things are a little bit out of place. William Montgomery is taking the night off everybody. Yeah, he's got a, he is got a sore throat after doing six sold out shows in Oklahoma City. He's very, very, he's red band is very excited about that. William is shockingly vulnerable and weak and he gets sick a lot.

(9m 21s):
This and that. Normally he plows through. Tonight he's off. So we have flipped, reversed and skipped an order. Hans Kim is out tonight. David Lucas is out of town. So to start tonight's show, Ladies and gentlemen, I am going to present a legend of the show who's only had a few appearances. This young buck came on the scene. We all fell in love with him and he's been working really hard. He works here at the Comedy mothership. You know him. You love him. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise. 60 seconds uninterrupted. Be heath cord is everybody. Here we go. And it has begun.

(10m 9s):
A while ago when I was in Alabama, I was living in Alabama. My, my, my mother. My mother, she sent me dude pictures of herself on my cell phone. Roll tide. Nah, it was, it was, it was an accident. It was an accident. I hope. I hope it was an accident. That's all you can do. You can only hope because when your, when your mother sends you those pictures, you definitely don't reply to make sure.

(10m 50s):
Just checking. Is this for me? No, you don't. You don't. You don't do that with your mother. You report her. She's in jail. All right. Thank you. There. you go a new minute from Heath Cordes. That's how it's done. Adorable. Sweet. Goodness gracious. Heath, how'd your mom's, what do your mom's nudes look like? I don't know how to answer that question. It was disturbing. I was going in for surgery that day and she, she got the big numbers mixed up.

(11m 31s):
Her booby call and she was like, good luck. I hope it goes well. And then she's like 30 minutes later she's like, here's something for you. Wow. Was she at the hospital with you at The time? No. She was long distance. Long distance. It's a long distance relationship. That should be part of the joke by the way. Yeah. Very Interesting. So when you went in for the surgery, did you say, can you lop off my dick while you're at it? I said, please put me under please. Jon Deas on the keyboard asks a good question. Do you still have the pick? No. What happened to it?

(12m 12s):
I deleted it. I deleted it very fast. You piece Of shit immediately. Everyone here wants to see it. We could have put It up. I can give her your number Tony if you want. No, it's okay. Is she tiny and young looking too? She is spinner. She looks Good for her age. She looks not bad. SAM. JAY. What do you think about this young buck? I, I'm glad you addressed the tiny young looking thing. 'cause I was very confused. Yeah. And I didn't know I didn't wanna be inappropriate and like ask some fucked up shit. But I, because I went, he asked you upstairs. I was like, why you letting this kid? And I thought, and I thought you was gonna come out and do some cute kid shit. Like don don't know what the dancer don don't know.

(12m 53s):
don don't know. Was it cute? Did you like it? Did you think it was cute? I did. I liked it. But then I was thinking like, damn, he fucks adult women. So are they like child molester ish? You get what you can take You know. I get it bro. That's crazy bro. But also if there's a lot of views out there, we should be offering them up to the molesters. Yeah. And just solve a problem. Absolutely. Yeah. I enjoyed you. Yeah. Thank you again. Thank you 100%. Greg, what do you think about this young buck? Well, I'll tell you, I just got down south and I was trying to watch some porn today. Not trying. And they have this thing where they make you, they take a picture of your face to see if you look old enough for porn, you're fucked.

(13m 38s):
Yeah. Like they literally say, look into your kid. Did You know this? I just went to the easy porn site. Oh, you went to the easy porn site. It's one that don't require the face. Oh, I didn't know that. I went to XI went to X hamster. Oh nah. Yeah. Once they wouldn't let me in X hamster. I was like, alright, I'm not doing face recognition for this. I'll just find other porn. You could go on VXNN or whatever. They let you do that here. But you love X hamster enough to register your face with them. Yeah. Except to recognize me. I had to squint and look. Sad

(14m 13s):
You know you wouldn't have to do that if you used ExpressVPN. Go to the website ExpressVPN dot com slash KILL TONY and you get an extra three months free. That's slash KILL TONY at ExpressVPN dot com.

(14m 29s):
What kind of porn do you watch? Heath, this is a creepy question. Ask a boy that looks 11. But go right ahead and tell us. I like, I like mom stuff. Ah, hell yeah. Mr. I deleted the picture. Sure. I deleted the Picture after you made it your wallpaper. Heath, we love you. You're working hard at the craft and you're a fucking little freak way to get the show started here tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, catch him working at the mothership. Catch him doing his stuff. Follow him on social media.

(15m 8s):
Let's star the future. 22-year-old Heath, Cordes, Ladies and gentlemen. One more time for Heath. And now to the bucket. We go. Oh, I know this guy. He actually works here at the mothership. A lot of these mothership people sign up every single week and very rarely get on. How about a hand for Heidi? Everybody buddy. Getting us drinks, fixing the mic, setting it back to human height. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for your first bucket. Poll of the night. An employee here at the mothership. Make some noise for fuzzy everybody. It's fuzzy.

(15m 49s):
Yeah. Yeah. I grew up Muslim and the worst part about it is that you don't get a badass leader. You don't get someone cool like Jesus. He's cool. You guys get that. That's awesome. I gotta look up to the prophet Muhammad. There's no pictures. don don't even know what the fuck this guy looks like. Every picture of Jesus. Awesome. Just him at the last supper getting fucked up with his 12 best friends. That's relatable. He's cool dude. He's so cool. Jesus is so cool. Some people say he was black. There are no cool theories about the prophet Muhammad.

(16m 31s):
Huh? I got one. I believe the reason there are no pictures. No photos is because he was a fat white girl. No. Stop it. Allah. No, I feel fat. And Allah was just her black boyfriend. Like, nah, you look good though, bitch. All right. That's my time. Thank you. There. you go fuzzy everybody. Some good shit. Fuzzy. Thanks. I like it. I normally don't love religious jokes 'cause it's usually some of the old You know, it's like the oldest topic literally of all time.

(17m 16s):
But you have great perspective there. Very fun stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think anyone else is calling Mohamed a fat white girl. That is true. You're that's exactly my point is you were able to dig in and find some perspective. It's true. Jesus could be, could have been black. I like it. And fat white girl makes sense. Yeah. It all checks out. Do you think that the Muslims are gonna be mad at you for describing Mohammed that way? Yeah. Honestly I was taking a shit and my name got called and I got, I didn't know what to do and I just fucking just did the Muhammad as a fat white girl. I didn't think I good enough. And I'm probably gonna get fucking fatwa now, so. Well you're, you're really putting the fat into Fais.

(17m 57s):
Yeah. Yeah. No doubt. You've been eating all, all of the food you can possibly get. Yeah, I'm a fat Muslim. That's my superpower. Amazing. Yeah, looks like it indeed. How long you been doing standup? Fuzzy? Four years. and you work here? Yep. What else do you do? What do we not know about you? You've been on the show a couple times. Well right now I'm walking everywhere 'cause my car keeps getting stolen. Your car keeps getting stolen. Yeah. How many times has your car gotten stolen? Four. What? Yeah. Is it? That's what I fucking saying. Huh?

(18m 36s):
The fuck's going On. Why do you think this keeps happening? It's A Kia. Are you leaving the Kia in the ignition? How the fuck does that happen four times. Kias have locks. Nah, it's a fucking like manufacturing flaw that you could, it's the Kia boys. Have you heard of the Kia Boys? The Yeah. Yeah. So it's a viral TikTok trend that showed that you can easily steal a Kia with Justin Ox cord. There's A fix for it though. You, you, you get a free Fix if it doesn't work. I got it. There. you go. These kids are smart. These kids are smart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it keeps getting stolen. It's been stolen four Times. Have you tried riding your magic carpet at all?

(19m 19s):
Does it not work when you're a heavy Muslim? It doesn't work the same. Huh? I think you need to keep walking. Get down to magic carpet weight. I think. I think, I think Muhammad is trying to tell you something that more walking is in order. I love it. What else? Shit, dude. Nothing, dude, I just do this. I work. I really am not living enough life to be honest. I'm realizing right now this Took a turn. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah, it does. That's sad. Much like the planes on nine 11. This took a turn. Which Brings us back to you Muslim fuzzy.

(20m 0s):
Where were you on nine 11? I Was, I was in Pakistan. Oh wow. Not suspicious at all. Yeah. Wrong answer bro. Yeah. The second worst. You should said you were taking the shit you said earlier. Pakistan is the second worst answer next to in the cockpit of one of the flights. Fucking unbelievable fuzzy. Yeah. So how soon after nine 11 did you move here? No, I, I'm from here. I was born in America. We were in Pakistan visiting family. Just visiting. Just, just visiting, hanging out. Coincidentally. Yeah. What a coincidence.

(20m 40s):
And then my cousins took a flight a couple days earlier than me. They let you back in the country? Yeah. No, they shut, they shut fucking flight flights down for like three weeks. I bet. And then I missed like the first fucking month of kindergarten. Oh yeah. It was fucked up dude. And then I came back and everyone was like, fuzzy did nine 11. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just trying to figure out what the fuck Pluto is. I mean, I'm an active terrorist. No. Towers went down and you're like, well, I I fucking miss kindergarten, bro. So that's so fucked up. Yeah. When you got back to kindergarten where you just stacking towers of blocks and then flying paper airplanes into them.

(21m 26s):
Or It could happen again, bitch. Yeah. All the white kids are like, You guys are both from Boston where one of the flights famously took off from your TSA was very weak that day. How do we feel about Boston? Well, I just remember afterwards, I lived in New York and I remember that they stopped. Do you remember this? They stopped all flights in Boston and New York. They stopped all rides to the airport in private cars. You could only take a taxi. Yeah, because what better way of stemming the flow of Muslims than only allowing taxis to drive to the airport.

(22m 7s):
They knew what they were doing. I think it was a reverse thought process. They were like, we're gonna flood 'em all in here. Run these prints. One stop shop this thing. Yeah. Fuzzy. What Do you think is the most Muslim thing about you? My dick. Wow. Damn. Is it fuzzy too? Yeah. All right. Yeah. I got a fucking little Osama bin Laden Jr down there You. know what I'm saying? You You look like you got one of them Retardedly big dicks. Like do you look like, right? I Think think he calls it, I think he calls it Osama Bin Laden. 'cause it looks like it's hiding in a cave, is My guess. You already have a joke book, right? Yeah. Yeah. All right. There he goes.

(22m 47s):
Fuzzy Ladies and gentlemen. On to the next one. And it has begun the number one comedy show in the world. And we're here all together now.

(22m 59s):
Indeed. This podcast is sponsored by Game time. If You know me, You know how much I love live events from music and comedy and small clubs all the way to the big arena shows. I've seen some of the best live events out there. That's why I use Game time. Game time has a new feature called Game time Picks that makes getting tickets for concerts and events even easier. Game time picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on the great seats so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Band Tony, I love Game time. They make buying tickets so easy and affordable. I just found a super deal with Game time picks for slightly stupid at the Germania Insurance amphitheater. It is so easy to pick your seats, add them to your cart and check out. I personally love the seat views before you buy plus the lowest price guarantee. That is incredible. Red Band. With Game time picks curation makes it easier to save more on sports, concerts, comedy and theater. Not to mention they're all in pricing that shows the total upfront. With no surprise Visa Checkout Game time also has the best ticket coverage. Your purchases cover with the most flexible customer service policy in the ticketing industry. Take the guesswork outta buying concert tickets with Game time. Download the Gametime app. create an account and use code KILLTONY for, for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. create an account redeem code KILLTONY for $20 off. That's why download Game time today. What time is it? Game time.

(24m 24s):
Good day y'all. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter You. know a service is solid when it gets great word of mouth. That's why I wanted to let You know what people are saying about our sponsor. ZipRecruiter, the marketing manager of Next Key said The number one reason why we love ZipRecruiter is because it's so fast and easy and the CEO of Walls need Love said I posted a job on ZipRecruiter and found my lead graphic designer within just a few days. The takeaway, if you are hiring, ZipRecruiter excels at finding qualified candidates. Fast Red Band Tony. I love ZipRecruiter. It makes hiring for your business so easy. No wonder all these successful businesses use it to hire. And right now you can Try it. FOR FREE at ziprecruiter.com/koni. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology identifies top talent for your roles quickly. And immediately after you post your job, it starts showing you qualified people for it. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See why ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two Try. it FOR FREE at this exclusive web address. ziprecruiter.com/ KILL. TONY. That's ZipRecruiter. The smartest way to hire

(25m 30s):
your next bucket poll goes by the name of Mackenzie Jewel. Here comes the Mackenzie Jewel. Oh wow. Mackenzie. Hey gang. How are we doing? All right guys, this is a bit that I like to do. I call it if Predator from the movie Predator was on Chris Hanson's to catch a Predator. Predator. Predator. Why didn't you send that text to that girl?

(26m 20s):
I was homeschooled. I was very socially deprived. Have you ever been so socially deprived that when you read and Frank you low key fall in love with her? Because I was reading it and I was like, I was like, she's funny. Like she's not like other girls. I watched so much porn and homeschooling that when I saw women in real life, I was like, what? Why you ain't got tentacles, bitch. Thank you.

(26m 60s):
Mackenzie. Jewel has arrived. This is your first time on Koni, right? Yeah. How long you been doing standup? About a year and a half. Where? At Houston. I love it. That's where you live now? Yeah. I love it. How old are you? 22. Were you working? You going to school? What are you doing? Just Working. Hell. Yeah. Graduated from Hogwarts and now you're, what are you doing for work? I do marketing and editing. Freelance editing. Ooh, You know what that noise means. What does it Don don't know. Oh, okay. I've been working with Red Band for 11 years. Oh, it's a Harry Potter thing. You're magical. Oh hell yeah. Okay.

(27m 39s):
Mackenzie. I love it. What do you do for fun? What are 22 year olds like you doing for fun nowadays? You know I just be thrifting. You know. Oh shit. Okay. Okay. Mackenzie, what are you looking for when you're out there? Thrifting man. Some of that car hard shit. Wow. You know. Amazing. How many times have you stolen F's Kia? I'm not sure. I love it. I don't steal. Have you ever stolen anything your whole life now? The Oh candy store or something like that? You seem like you would steal from a candy store, a couple gumballs or something like that.

(28m 22s):
I, one time I was at Target and I stole like a cat this Everdeen action figure and my mom made me like come back and like Try it. She was like, can you take his money? And they were like, we can't take the money. So Wow. You got away with it. Yeah. My goodness. Look at you. Amazing. What do You guys think of this 22-year-old amazing transgender comedian that we have here? Well, he said he never stole, but he stole that bit about the predator. I've seen the predator becoming the predator. I've seen that 27. I'm kidding. I've never heard that fucking joke Before. Oh, that's the weirdest joke I've ever heard in my life.

(29m 5s):
And and someday when you think of a punchline for it, it's gonna be amazing. Yeah. Right. Thank you. The great GREG FITZSIMMONS dropping an amazing bit of knowledge. You scared the hell out of him. I literally heard his pussy dry up when you hit him with that. That was amazing. I was like, oh shit. Oh Yeah, I do. Yeah. I've gotten that criticism before about yeah, the no punchline, but You know. We'll see. Yeah, We'll see. SAM JAY. How does it feel being on stage with the second funniest lesbian comedian in the world right now? I'm honored. No, I think I liked it Dude, I feel like you and the the the one that looked like a child, y'all should go out and get pussy together.

(29m 53s):
That's what I was thinking the whole time because I was like, you got that like unsuspecting, like I'm kind of like weird. Let me suck your titty thing. And then he got the I look like a kid thing. Yep. Like I was like, y'all could probably scoop Ari Matti Ho. Yep. As a combination. You Guys would clean up at the playground. Yeah. We like autistic hangovers. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. You see the vision? Hell yeah. Yeah. It's like the hangover. But if You guys only had one drink, You guys would be that fucked up. And the Story and white girl crunk. Just lightweight as Fuck. yeah. Yeah. White Claw. You got Well, you got it Baby You know this. Let's write it later.

(30m 34s):
I'm noticing a little slang. I'm noticing a little streets for someone with glasses as thick as yours. Are you in Houston? Are you from a very diverse neighborhood? Yeah. Oh yeah. Shout out to the Fofo. Oh, My. goodness gracious. I, I was not on the streets, but I was in the window. Wow. Yeah. My. goodness. Any black people in here? There's there's one right here. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Dunno if you noticed I don the first. It's like If had a stronger nick. Yeah. Yeah.

(31m 15s):
I didn't hear that. That's my bad. But I'm sure it was good. Yeah, it was. It worked. It Was, Yeah, It was. What do you think is the most hood thing about you out coming from the faux foe Man? The most hood. I mean, You know. I just, I, I I try to stand on business when I can. Oh, My goodness. I try My. goodness. You're like Mike Jones's tutor or something like that. This is absolutely incredible. I, I, I feel young. 'cause every reference y'all make is just like going way over. Wow. You're like Who? Fuzzy Van. Who? Mle?

(31m 55s):
Yeah. Oh wait, mle? Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Mc, I got your dress like You know. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You're like a wild Pokemon. How about that one? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. There. you go. You get that one. Thank you. GameStop. Amazing. What do you do for fun other than standup comedy? Other? Yeah. Yeah. Nah, nothing. It's just kind of my whole thing. You must have a hobby. There must be some kind of Setup. Yeah. Well I like to scrapbook. Scrapbook. I like to junk journal. Yeah. What do you put in your scrapbook? You know. I'll just like cut up like magazines and comic books and shit. Photos. Oh, you're young. Serial killer. This is amazing.

(32m 35s):
I like to cut out the eyes of women out of magazines and make my own women that I would like to be with. So is it delivered Or you go to the Store to get 16 magazine? Yeah, just, yeah, just thrifting. Whatever I can scrap paper. Found some stuff today. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. But You know just One of the most frightening answers in the show's history. By the way. Scrapbooking of all the insane people. Aren't they Looking for a serial Killer here? Yes. Yeah. I've never done it, but yeah. We'll see, see, see. I like your style buddy. Yeah. Oh, thank you.

(33m 16s):
Thanks for making the drive down. Here's a big joke book. Oh wow. There. you go Mackenzie. Jewel has made it to The. KILL, TONY Universe. Ladies and gentlemen. Back to the bucket. We go. This is an interesting one. A one word name. Those historically are always very interesting, risky business here. One word names in the history of KILL. TONY. Make some noise for Goliath. Oh, it's inside. Doesn't say that. Okay. Goliath. All right. Okay.

(33m 56s):
Goliath is inside. Huh? Most of them are at the bar. Usually if they're inside, there's an I next to their name, which indicates that here is Goliath. Everybody. Hi everybody. My name's Goliath. My girlfriend calls my dick. David still haven't figured out if that's a compliment or an insult, but the reason she said she named him that was because as soon as I get my rocks off, I pass the fuck out. So I come from a crazy family. My dad was in the Navy. My mom was a biker. So that means my first word was fuck.

(34m 40s):
I have, I've always been told that I've got a big mouth, but I, or bigger personality. But I have a bigger heart, both medically and metaphorically. But there's, I've always been told there's nothing small about me except for maybe David. But that's my time. Thank You guys so much. 40 seconds. I was not expecting to get called tonight. Well, I mean how, why would you expect to get called tonight? Fair Enough. I did my best. Have you been on here before? I have not. No. Actually never. Okay, well welcome. I've been in the crowd many times. Okay, well good to see you Goliath. Thank you. How long have you been trying standup comedy? This Has been my sixth or seventh time on stage. Okay. Where do you live? I live in Las Vegas, but I work in the music industry so I mostly travel for What do you do in the music industry?

(35m 23s):
I do tour management security and I drive tour buses. That Sounds about right. The look checks out for that co. Completely. Thank you. I appreciate it. Something about those big crusty beard people. Like you love being in that industry. Yeah. You drive the tour bus late at night. Yes sir. You sleep during the day for that Most of the time. It's an interesting job. A very interesting gig. It is so much trust and responsibility because you have to drive extremely talented people that other people pay vast sums of money to see. And no one knows who you are. Gives a fuck about you, right? Nope. Not at all. And like, so like when you're back You know it's like 3:00 AM, 2:00 AM 3:00 AM 4:00 AM Those eyes get a little heavy, right?

(36m 7s):
5:00 AM And all of a sudden you're thinking about, holy shit, if I crash right now, people will never hear creed again. Nope. And you're trying to, you've Actually kept me awake a lot of nights. Really? So I really appreciate KILL TONY and everything You guys do here. So thank you. There. you go Thank You guys very much. It Was awesome. you go just a stand here. I saved Creed's life. You Did I keep your eyes wide open? That was good. That was good. I'm complimenting myself. That was good. That was really good. That was, that was quick. That was good. Can't plan for that. Segued right into it and I hit the notes. Okay, so let's talk about it. What else? What else makes you interesting?

(36m 47s):
How old are you? I've Been in the music industry since I was 15, but I'm 32. 32. Before I started driving tour buses, I was a bodyguard tour manager, merch guy. But before I did that, I worked for Google for a little bit. When I was a teenager, I used to run one of the largest underground music sharing websites in the world. Not Napster, but Right. That's not a lie. It was called@leak.com. I actually ran it. That's how I got into the music industry. Wow. Yeah, bitch. I heard like seven people Say that shit. Boom. You just got street cred. I can Back it up And the people that watch this later will back it up Too. You just got dosed with street cred from SAM. JAY. I love it. What else about you? Do you really have a tiny penis? Is that what's implied by David being your penis?

(37m 28s):
They, they don't call me Goliath 'cause I'm tall. Wow. Do you ever steer the wheel with it when you're driving at Night? I've thought about it, honestly. Yeah, a Couple times. Very good. You Gotta stay awake somehow. You only did 40 seconds tonight. How long have you ever done on stage before? I could probably do three to five minutes. Oh, interesting. GREG FITZSIMMONS, you've seen a lot of people come and go. There we go and start. and you've been around a long time. What do you think Goliath's chances are of being one of the best comedians in the world one day? Please be gentle, Greg. Well, you started Napster and you're, I did not Start dressed in secondhand streak gear, so I don't think you're really good at cashing in on your talents.

(38m 19s):
But you look like Brian Poe. So you have a shot. Yeah. You do look like Brian Po. I'll take it. He's a little taller than me, but I'll take it. Okay, well Goliath, here's a little joke Book. I'll take it. Hell Yeah. You're gonna have to Thank You. There's no other option. Just a lot of fun. Thank You guys. There he goes. Goliath, I'm gonna count that. 40 seconds of mediocrity as a bomb. And with that, that means I bring to the stage a special force, if you will. Ladies and gentlemen make some noise for the long awaited return of Drew Nickens.

(39m 2s):
I'm blacker than Kamala Harris. When I first got my head injury, I was in a dark place, but You know what pulled me out of it. The Childer's TV show, the Wiggles. Y'all know the Wiggles fruit salad? Yummy, yummy. They're actually doing it a tour across the US 18 and up. And I'm so excited 'cause I'll be able to see my favorite music group and not be put on a registry. And imagine all the hipsters that are gonna be so fucked up on Coke and Molly. It's people watching for days.

(39m 43s):
But don't worry, I'll be safe because I'm gonna wear a helmet to the mosh pit. But I know I'm gonna fire my soulmate. We're gonna lock eyes and two years later we're gonna get married at a Dave and Busters and our, our registry's gonna be a Bucky's and Taco Bell. And don't worry, I'm gonna get head in the parking lot of a Wiggles concert. 'cause that sounds like a bucket list item. Fruit salad. Thank you. Alright. True Nickens coming in, owning the fucking room. I've don don't even know what the wiggles are, but it seems like some people do.

(40m 27s):
But if I had to guess what the type of person that would watch a show called the Wiggles would look like. That's what the police sketch in my head would look like. It would look like you drew. I went to the wiggle room. No Wiggles. Oh, My goodness. There's a local bar called the Wiggle Room for the millions of people that didn't understand what he's talking about there, the literal millions of people. There's a small bar in Austin called the Wiggle Room. D Madness is going there right now. He can't hear about it without going and getting a drink from the delicious wiggle room. Sam, what do you think about Sweet Drew Nickens here. Yoni. That was fire. What's up bro? That was fire. 'cause it was like in the, the tone of like every nineties commercial I ever grew up watching.

(41m 11s):
So my brain was just programmed for it. Like, I don't even know what you said, but I felt good at the end. I was like, yeah, that was complete. I felt good. Shit. I don't even know why. So You know like the same way. Like Tyler Perry just be in my brain working witch your craft. You did the same thing. That was far. Greg, this is your first time seeing Drew Nickens. What do you think about this bundle of energy? Well, I mean the, the, the outfit alone. I mean it really is like, you expect to see like a Karen getting into a slap fight on the sideline of a soccer game. You got the white new balance and the mom jeans and the teeth.

(41m 52s):
How do you describe the teeth? Let's just say if there was a, if there was a plane accident and they had to identify you by your teeth, you could tell very quickly. Yeah, they're very distinct. Do you open bottles with them? Oh, He drinks a lot of energy. Drink. Tell Greg here how many energy drinks you consume in about a week. So actually I've been cutting down on my energy drink consumption. Oh, I've been thinking about my health and I'm only at 700 milligrams a day now instead of a thousand Rock and roll. Hell Yeah. I love it. That's a lot. So how many cans of energy drink does that measure out to about It measures out to be about four to three.

(42m 36s):
Four to three. I like how you did that. Four to three. We're working backwards here. Tarantino answer, heading back and yes. Tarantino style. It's a between four and two. I feel like I gotta call Child Protective Services. It's like that's not okay. But He gives reviews on his Instagram. I think they're hilarious. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. Adorable. Set. Drew, you came out Guns a blazing Blacker than Kamala Harris, which is true, believe it or not. Drew Nickens. I've seen pictures. His father is black. It is unbelievable. He's Truly black. Blacks him. He's very excited to be black.

(43m 17s):
That's why she look like she wanted Kill me. I don't listen man. Weirder things have happened. I, he's he's I gotta see the pick though. It is true. I can show you. Yeah, I need confirmation. I'm sorry. Yeah, It is true. It looks exactly like if there was a pick of you and him. If you're wondering what it looks like, it looks like you and him. I've gotta, I wanna say that's crazy. You know he was really black if he pulled out a Blackberry just now instead of an eyeball. That is his dad's nickname. Blackberry. They're evolving folks. They're evolving to not get abused by the police. They are evolving. This is the newest model of black person. See You, you getting me close to the Riten house every time we talk, Look at that You.

(44m 1s):
know what not for nothing. This is the black guy I had in my mind. Hell yeah. If he's black, he wanted of them that look like You know the White lady got him coming outta one of those facilities. He look A Gian Black. Okay, I got you. Is incredible. 50% black, which is technically 50% blacker than famous Indian Senator Kamala Harris. It is quite Incredible. I I don't agree with any of what's being said. It's okay. I know you have to say that 'cause you live in New York City. It's all right. It's okay. You have to physically say that. It's all right. So The Wiggles that's on what Nickelodeon, It was on Disney Channel.

(44m 41s):
It's like an Australian TV show and it was syndicated over in the us. It's, it's a great sh it's a great show. Great songs, great production value. They have an Octopus. How many times would I have to get hit in the head with a baseball bat for until I start enjoying it? I would say probably 30 seconds to 45 seconds. Perfect. Amazing. Drew Life's been good since you joined the show. Yeah, I I went on my first date in two years, like two one weeks ago. Whoa. There's not gonna be a second though. Don't worry. There's not gonna be a second date. No. What happened? She said I can't give you what you deserve. I just want attention.

(45m 23s):
She said that or was that you that said that? No, she said that I had, I had the text messages to say it. Oh, she sent it via text. Yeah, it was dog. I cried to Mariah Carey like for four hours after that. Oh, you stop it. You did not Leave along together. Wow. I mean, I get my the hell. Okay. That's a Mariah Carey song. You're seeing what She knows. What the hell is that supposed to mean? Nah, I don know, bro. They both had a crush on Mariah Carey. What that lie? This Is like American Idol when they be showing you the ones that didn't make it.

(46m 6s):
But, but like, if it didn't stop, like You know, they cut it at some point. I love you Sam. Thanks Drew. Nickens. You're a special force. There he goes. Drew, Nickens, everybody back to the bucket. We go totally straight guy. Just doing bubbles, doing manly stuff.

(46m 31s):
Which reminds me noche UFC is going down in Las Vegas this weekend and I am excited to hoop. See Hoop comes out on top. And of course who comes out on bottom. That's why I partnered up with DraftKings. And they have an offer that's perfect right now. If you wanna get closer to the action right now, all customers who bet only $5 will instantly get $250 in bonus bets. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and sign in using our promo code. KILL TONY, the crown is yours. Tony. I love DraftKings. It's like having a little Las Vegas in my pocket. I can't wait for no JUFC And to get $250 in bonus bets instantly after betting just $5, stay in on the action and use $250 in bonus bets on DraftKings same day parlays for a shot in an even bigger payout. If sports betting is not available in your state, don't worry, worry. You can still join in on all the fun with the DraftKings daily fantasy and have the shot to win cash prize. And he has two cans of ground cinnamon in his hands. So download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. New customers use my promo code KILL TONY and bet just $5 on any wagering at $250 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code KILL TONY only at DraftKings Sports book Cinnamon and Bubbles. We'll be right back

(48m 3s):
At Sierra Discover top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices, Sierra, let's get moving.

(48m 19s):
Keeping this fun train moving along. Chug a chug a choo choo. Next up comes the comedy styling. 60 seconds from Mitchell MacArthur. Everybody. Mitchell MacArthur. Here he is. Make some moves from Mitchell. Everybody. How are we doing guys? My name's Mitchell. I'm a fan of pranks. Not that funny. I went to a school the other day and I pulled the fire alarm. I'm genuinely surprised with how organized those blind kids were.

(49m 2s):
And I made out no problem. A little bit mean. But I am actually glad that I pulled the fire alarm because if I didn't, they wouldn't have seen the fire. I started. I learned a little something while I was at the school blind the other day. It's actually very cheap to run. Yeah, no light bill. Little turn. Have You. guys ever wondered why you never heard of a school shooter at a blind school? Too dark in there.

(49m 44s):
Sometimes I get worried about making too many blind jokes, but then I remind myself, I've never heard of a blind shooter before neither. So I think I'll be all right. All right. Mitchell MacArthur. Oh shit. Unbelievable. I swear to God, Even I think a lot, I'm like, did we produce that? Like to happen that way? Nope. Just fucking, the comedy gods are hilarious. The madness has to pee a few times in episode he peed. Before you came out, you did 60 seconds of blind hating jokes. And then boom, your worst nightmare comes out from behind you.

(50m 25s):
The most likable blind man currently working in show business consistently week after week, eating Stevie Wonder's lunch, just out here crushing and killing after you ate it. How does it feel? Mitchell MacArthur? You would've thought the audience was deaf by how they responded to your blind jokes. Be honest, Tony. I'm just glad to be here. Bet I'm a I've for years. Absolutely. I didn't know KILL TONY could stunt somebody's growth. This is incredible to see. I'm finding this out right now. Maybe you should try dating a blind girl. She won't mind the fact that you're four 11.

(51m 8s):
I love it. Well, welcome Mitchell. You're in it right now. You are in that show that you love so much. How long have you been attempting standup comedy? Five months at this point. Five months. Where at here in Austin? No, I've been doing it in Knoxville, Tennessee. Knoxville, Tennessee. Okay, that makes sense. Tennessee gets a lot of tornadoes. You look like you live in Oz. So what do you do for work in Knoxville? Well, I just sold a house this year, so I'm currently not You Sold a house? Yeah. Was it a little tiny house? Well, ironically Tony, I actually am working on my own tiny house.

(51m 51s):
Really? Yes. What does that mean exactly? Go ahead and tell us. Well, it's kind of like in the side of a hill with like a round door. Really? Yeah. Tell us more. It's kind of like a hobbit hole Tony. Really? Yeah. And it has a tiny door. No, I have actually, it is a tiny door. No, you're right. Okay. You can't tell whether you want to play along with me or tell the truth right now. I see the wheels Tony. I'm little Tony. You're A little what? Little buzz Tony. You're A little buzz. You're a little everything D. Madness is roasting your ass, by the way.

(52m 32s):
He's like, where's that? Why'd that sound coming from the ground right now? What's he doing? Tell him to Get up. What the fuck's he doing down there? It's called standup, not lay down. Thank you. Red band. Have You ever hung out with a blind person? Where do you think this hatred for blind people comes from? It's not a hatred Tony. It's, it's really just a joke. It was inspired by De Madness. I love this show. Okay, good. Yeah, You're good. You're recovering well. You're recovering well. SAM JAY. What do you think about this tiny little boy? I, I didn't like it at all. It was me spirited.

(53m 13s):
And that's not what this show is about. That is true. That is true. So, Absolutely. I don't know how you made that decision. I'm just going to be raped. The only blind black man I've ever met. Well, I think it's mean that we don't include them, but I don't like, I think it's more inclusive. Like you about to do karate, so I also want you to calm down. I just, I took it as an inclusive comedy. I feel like we put people off limits then I feel like. Yeah. Oh, We don't watch our fucking dissertation. Bitch. Your fucking philosophy on comedy. You shut the fuck up. Greg Fitzsimmons.

(53m 53s):
What do you think about this tiny, tiny buckaroo? I mean, I've seen this show grow from when we sat in the belly room at the store with 30 people in the audience to Madison Square Garden. Yeah. This guy's got a shot of being on the show and he shows up dressed like a fucking lifeguard. Yeah, he's shit faced. And his beard is a different color than his hair. What the fuck is going on, man? This is a big shot for you. That's true. Dye the whole fucking thing next time. I'm sorry. That's Which is real. The heavier, heavier hair or the beard hair? Both. No, it's not. I'm sorry. It's just It's still there. Yeah. Okay. You use just for tiny men. I haven't heard of that one.

(54m 34s):
You make a great point, Greg, that I haven't thought of. Next time we do the garden, I think we need a gnome. So, have you ever thought about that? Have you ever thought about live being professional, being a live gnome in somebody's, I bet there's a really rich Texan, unfortunately somewhere that just owns an oil field. It might be this sleepy fuck right here. Well, that's unfortunate about, oh, You know what I'm want a real one? Give me a little White bow with a beard and curly hair. We give 'em 500 bucks an hour to stand there butt Naked. We keep getting diversity hires, but nobody worries about small people.

(55m 13s):
They're always forcing us into specific jobs. Absolutely. Like, yeah, Like work it underneath houses and Wait A second. Bridges can hold on. Jump. I want to, I I just heard a noise. Hold on. Jump. Come on, Man. Come on. Do it again. Do it again. Jump. Oh, very good. You guys really have this down. It's almost like, it would seem like all you'd have to do is press a fucking button at the right time. Hold on. Jump again. Jump again. Okay. That's as, I guess that's as close as again, why would your soundboard have a delay? That's a whole different problem. It's Apple. Either you're unprofessional one way or you're unprofessional in another way.

(55m 55s):
It's not me, it's the board that I decided to use. Imagine if DE's keyboard had a five second delay. So as far as being short, do you make the cut in terms of like special plates and a different Olympics and all that stuff? Like, what? Is it five foot? Is it four foot 10? How tall are you? I'm five seven. No, you're not. You are Literally Not. Fuck. Where's the tape measure at Yoni? Oh, we love it on this show. I'm, I'm five, seven and a half. We love it on this show. I'm five, seven and a half. Oh no. Sit down. Greg, sit down. I got news for you.

(56m 35s):
We're gonna do you one better buddy. There's always a scale and there's always a tape measure. After 11 and a half years, we learn we do this shit live Yoni. Where the fuck is My tape? Measure Ladies and gentlemen. Heidi, with a tape measure. Make him take his shoes off. Take off those fucking sandals, buddy. Oh, we got news for you. And make sure you go to the top of his head, not the hair. Feel that, feel that Yoni There. you go. What do we got there? Yoni? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Straighten it out. Right there, right Go. Go lower Yoni. What do you got? I'm straight, man. What is it?

(57m 15s):
Five. Five and a half. Five. Five and a half. Ladies and gentlemen. Woo. That's a big lie. I'm shrinking Tony. I don't know what's going on. Oh, you don't know what's going on, huh? Like you haven't fucking been hoping and praying to grow your whole life. You're right. What Do you, what do you think we're blind? Fits, fits, fits, fits fit. Oh man, if the shoe fits, you must wear it. My little friend.

(57m 56s):
I swear I'm taller than that. Still Tony. What makes you say that? I swear the last time I was at the doctor they said six two. I You're trying to be funny right now. No. I swear my, my, if I had my wallet, I would show you five seven. They, I've never, I've never heard of I. Maybe I wear my shoes off. I've heard of Pretty Little Liars. I've never heard of Ugly Little Liars before. This is incredible. What's happening here? I swear. Tony. What the fuck do you think happened? Gravity. Okay, sure Buddy John, mayor. Shit, don't make us pull out the scale. Dude. How much do you think you weigh?

(58m 38s):
Oh, look at the wheels turning. What do you think? It's Tony turning right? What do you think? It's Tony. There's no doubt about it. I got 'em at about 34. Oh, no chance. Bring out the scale. What do you think? What do you think I got 'em at about one 15. I'll get him one 18. 1 18, 1 15. That's the red band. Hinge Cliff range right now. But take the shoes off. You wanted to wear sandals. Easy on. Easy off. What are we doing here? You're way off Heidi. Don't change it to the metric system. What's going on there? Hold on. This Is also on, on carpet Tony. So it's Not an accurate, that doesn't fucking match. Shut the fuck up. You. know Rusting.

(59m 19s):
You've been waiting Before. Oh, here we go. What do we got there? What the fuck is that? It says the time. Take that. What the fuck are we doing here? Yoni? This is a goddamn Yoni job. Heidi's supposed to just look good. Yoni. You're not supposed to have her doing math over here. Oh wow. One 30. Unbelievable. Somebody let him put fucking rocks in his pockets before coming on. It's normally we empty the people's pockets. It's incredible. Do you work out workout at the, not recently but the Jungle Gym or something like that.

(1h 0m 3s):
I used to do wrestling and so I used I I used to assistant coach. And What was your weight class when you wrestled? I start at the lightest ones. Tony. Well You'll never believe what you're walking away with here tonight. There. you go buddy. Booya. Congratulations. Tony. You were fun. It was a long interview. It was a good set. There. you go. There he is, Ladies and gentlemen. Mitchell MacArthur. Everybody. Mitchell MacArthur Trying to say something as he walks away. don don't know what It doesn't matter. Alright. Nope.

(1h 0m 43s):
One more. Bucket pull. Alright, we have another one word name. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Cane. CAIN. Kain. What's up everybody? I used to work at this job. I had a lot of wasp flying around and I swatted at one. One time I was a fly in front of and my coworker, they go, Hey, be careful man. You know when you do that, the wasp, they'll spray you with a pheromone and it lets other, other wasp know that you're a hitter. I was like, wow. You know. Thank God women don't have that feature.

(1h 1m 23s):
Am I right? Like not for me, like for my uncles and stuff. You know like they'd be real stinky if that was the case. And I just feel like You know like pheromones. That's such a crazy concept. And like if women did have that feature, it just raises the question like, what does a man that hits women smell? Like? Probably like ax body spray or something. You know. That's what I would assume. And I just think that's like a crazy con. I think women should have that You know, like when you buy a car, you can't ask for airbags. That just comes standard You know that's a safety feature. So like I just picture that you're at a bar, right? Like a woman and a guy's like, Hey, can I buy you a drink?

(1h 2m 2s):
And you're like, yeah, sure. Nah, I'm okay. Whoa. You know. All right, thank y'all guys. There, you go. Kane getting laughs throughout his set from the crowd. Welcome Kane. How are you? What's up Tony? How are you? Go When? What? What are you? What, what, what? What's going on over here? I can't tell what the hell is going on over here. Mexican. Okay. Yeah. Welcome Kane. How old are you? Today's my birthday. I'm 27. Happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. How long you been doing standup? One year, nine months. One year and nine months. That's a great answer. You know it down to the fucking date. Yeah, Man. What do you do for work? I build airplane engines. Wow. Airplane engines. Yeah.

(1h 2m 43s):
Aviation, maintenance technician. Okay. Absolutely incredible. Sam, what do you think about this guy? I, I think it's cool that he answered one of them commercials, like, you wanna be a aviation? That's fire. Yeah. I always wonder about the niggas that call like, yeah, I do want to do this shit. So that's dope as fuck. It's one of those commercials like, or they're like, you sitting at home on your couch. Yeah. That's fire. I'm proud of you. Thank. I also thought it was really good set. Like, thank you. I appreciate That. Like you, it was like, oh, he has a whole fucking joke. Yep. You stayed on topic and you stayed on topic and that was, that's not easy to do in a minute. And I liked when you heard the thing, you kind of sped it up like you were, you were kind of in a little pocket, but you were like, I gotta get the shit out.

(1h 3m 29s):
Yeah. and you were gonna get to the shit. So that was cool to me too, man. I, good job Man. Thanks. I appreciate it. I love you. Thank you. Yeah, I watch you a lot. Well, now I'm not, that's it. Thank you. Yeah, I'm done. Hell yeah. There you go. Greg, what do you think about this? This Mexican? The Mexicans in general or like, I mean the glasses. You look like Elton Juan. I appreciate that. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I wanted to stand out.

(1h 4m 10s):
I love it. They look great. Yeah. These are the, these are the glasses from a casino. They were with De Niro wore. Yeah. Yeah, they are. Yeah, I like that They have the quote on the inside of the leg. That's fucking sweet Rothstein. Right? What do, what is I don This's his last name in the movie. Rothstein Sam Rothstein. I can't remember. Yeah, absolutely. So These glasses mean nothing to you in actuality. Yeah. You're a fucking fraud. He's like, I don't even know what the, what, what, what are you talking about? Great. Yeah, I just liked them. Yeah, they are Great glasses. Thanks man. I appreciate it. They really are. That's A great puffer you have on. No, thank you. Yeah. I like the one that you're wearing underneath your shirt.

(1h 4m 55s):
What's on your chain? What do you got there? This is a ena, it's a Mexican coin from a 1947. Well, Michael Gonzalez just got hard as a rock. don don't know what it means, but what does the Mexican coin mean? So Mexico went crazy back in the day and they just decided to Make back in the day. You're telling me don don't know if you've seen our border, But you can pass it down. They decided to make solid gold coin. So it's Wow. Wow. Greg doesn't give a fuck about it. Jesus. Get the shit away from me. Yeah. So it's real. Alright, I'm kidding. Okay. Wow, this is incredible. 50 pesos, 3 75 RO ante.

(1h 5m 35s):
Yeah, it's A real 24 Car. You need those Mexicanos? Yeah. It's fucking beautiful. I thank you so much for this. It's absolutely incredible. Absolutely stunning. Thanks Man. And then what's the ring You guys? Is that the Longhorns? No, it's a Mercedes-Benz logo. It's a Mercedes-Benz. And what do you, and what do you drive? I drive A BMW. Wow. Wow. Look at you dude. What's Going on? I like, I like German cars. Okay. Yeah. All right. Why do you like German cars? I grew up a, a Chevy guy and then when I started working aviation, I bought a Porsche and I fell in love with it. And so I've been buying BMWs and Mercedes since then. Unbelievable. Have you thought about I Kia?

(1h 6m 18s):
Because they'll steal the BMW. The, these guests have been like, it's, it's like all right, if there was an autistic Pokemon and we just, we just saw us getting greater and greater and greater and greater Because Now we had to like gold chain, BMW level. Yeah. What's Next? They never ceased to amaze so many different shapes and sizes and personalities. A Mexican airplane engineer. Yes sir. Absolutely incredible. And someday a woman will be up here.

(1h 7m 1s):
You ain't Shit. Great. What else should we know about you? Before I let you go, Kane, give us a fun fact about your wild and crazy life. Any hobbies, special skills or talents that would surprise us? You had jump rope phenom or something like that? Well, I used to be, I was a, I was a boxer for like 10 years on and off. Wow. Yeah. Incredible. Really? Can we can put the mic in the mic stand? Let's see. A little shadow boxing here. I haven't done this since I was like 18. Okay. Oh shit. Wow. Okay. Alright. Very good. Very good. You're like Rocky Road. Yeah Man.

(1h 7m 41s):
I actually, I got, I got fat That looked like some shit on. We Fit. Yeah. I went, I went back to my gym when I was like 19 and they were like, we don't train anyone over 18. And that's when I got fat, so. Wow. Yeah. But I'm a golden glove champion. Like it's in the Records. Why were you going to a pedophiles gym? We want only kids under 18 here. Yeah, man, that's Dallas. Absolutely amazing That that looked less like boxing sparring than somebody that walked into a spider Web. Yeah, I think the shadow, that's the first time the shadow's ever won a boxing match.

(1h 8m 22s):
It's incredible. It is incredible. The shadow by the way. Six foot two. We measured it out. Unlike Mitchell MacArthur, the tiny, tiny little man. Yeah, five. Five Is up here. Five. Five. No doubt about it. That's all I stepped on. I'm walking up here. Yeah, yeah. That we have, that's what it would've sounded like. Like a little tiny rubber ducky. Anything else we should know about you Kane? You see my Kid, I pretended to go to college for two years. Ooh, Who'd you, who was, who were you pretending for? Your parents? Yeah. Oh, My. goodness. Yoni. I just saw his necklace documentary where this Asian girl pretending to go to college for two Years. My sister sent me that. Yeah. She killed Her family. She Killed her family. Oh, I saw that.

(1h 9m 2s):
I know about that. Did you kill your family? No, not yet. Yeah, No. Yeah. But they might ride on one of the airplanes that he's the engineer for one day and he's gonna get his revenge. Yeah. I work for Boeing for Sure. You don't work for Boeing? Fuck. No. Great. You're doing a good job out there. Now that we've mentioned Boeing, we're probably all gonna be assassinated after this. Ladies and gentlemen make some noise for funny Kane on social media underscore his name's Kane, as you can tell by the music. The Mexicans are very biased towards their own kind. But the tone of the music is about the change.

(1h 9m 43s):
As I present to you, one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show, a fucking phenom, Ladies and gentlemen, You know him. You love him. This is Cam Patterson. I was in Utah this weekend and Mormon's like guns. I didn't know that. They really fuck with guns a lot out there. Like my homeboy had a brother, he got a gun, he had a lot of guns in his truck and we, he had like any gun you could think of. It was like so many guns. And then like it was crazy. And at the back of the truck it was also like a first aid kit.

(1h 10m 27s):
And then when I opened up, it was just more guns. That was, I was like, oh, you just a asshole brother. When I shoot you then I'm gonna really kill your ass, dummy. The funniest thing was most of his guns had like silencers on them. And that's terrifying, right? Because he's not an assassin, he's an accountant. You feel what I'm saying? Why do regular people have guns with silencers on it? That's what are we doing? I asked him, I said, Hey man, why dot most of your guns have silencers? That's kind of crazy. He was like, well that's if you shoot somebody in your house and you don't wanna call the police. And I was like, you a murderer. That's you're a bad guy. All right. That's it.

(1h 11m 7s):
I'll take it. Did it again. Add it to the mix. That's another minute from the great Cam Patterson putting out so much content. Living the dream. Hell yeah. Selling out absolutely everywhere. Having the ad shows, theaters, everything huge. Offers a true fucking KILL TONY freak specimen. It changed My life that The system is working. And another new minute here tonight. You sound like the Coach from Dallas Cowboys. I, You'd be fucking relaxed. That is how we approach this. What the hell were we talking about last Monday after this show where we were cracking up?

(1h 11m 50s):
Oh Fuck. Oh, what was that? Disintegrate Oh. My God. It was disintegrate. I don't even think we can talk about it now that I think about it. No, we can't really, We can't say it. We can't say it, but it's pretty funny. It's the funniest Oh, My God. Y'all will never know how funny it was because we can't talk about it. 'cause it's pretty fucked up. But it's pretty funny. Is it Because You can't spell that. Fuck you. Oh. My. God. Michael Gonzalez. Little Chimpy Cherry on that roast. Just so we know. None of the band approved that joke. The hell did. What the hell did you just say?

(1h 12m 31s):
Yeah, I can't spell it. Okay, let's do it. Nope, Not at all, brother. We were talking about how we're breaking down the walls of things and this and that. We're having one of those just living the dream talks. And he said, we're not just doing this, we're disintegrating them. And I said, and you can't, you can't spell disintegrate without. And we laugh for a bit. And we got, we got sidetracked. And a minute or two goes by and he says, oh, great.

(1h 13m 19s):
And I go, No. Nick, like, oh shit. You're wondering what me and Cam laugh about at 2:00 AM if you ever see us flying across the bar. That shit was funny as fuck though. It was. We really make each other laugh very hard. That's funny as fuck. We might have to edit that out of the podcast. Don don't know why you did that. I told em we were gonna tell em. Leave told him. I know. I couldn't help myself. Red band. Red band said I should say it. don don't know why I listened to 'em. I fucking Why would you do that to yourself? I don't know these. No one's gonna believe them. Phones are locked up. Yeah, it's over. Perfect. You heard nothing. We're gonna keep it in the episode.

(1h 13m 59s):
Why are you excited? You're here anyway, cam, what else is going? You were really in Utah, huh? I was in Utah. That place is wild. Utah is a very interesting place. And it was. It's pretty strange. Yeah, it's crazy. My dad, my dad You know, he come everywhere with me on the road and shit. And there was a porn star in the front row and I didn't do a mean gre after the first show because I just wasn't finna too great. And, but we found out she was a porn star, like during the show, and he brought her in the green room Playing Her porn. He was like, look this hall. And she getting fucked in ass. Look at her. And then she was like, Hey, that's me, that's me.

(1h 14m 40s):
And the funniest shit, like she an OnlyFans model. So she was doing it like with her husband and shit. And so then my dad go, that's that's him little dick nigga. That's him. The little dick nigga. It was the, it was, it was my favorite part of it. That was Utah. It was fun. Yeah, It was fun. I didn't fuck that lady, but I thought about it a lot. I thought about it because he kept saying like, you can fuck my wife if you want to. And I just kept thinking he going be there. That's the scariest part. You. know What I'm saying? That's the scary part. Yep. Crossey watching Cam Patterson's fucking my wife. Yep. He's gonna get his rocks off. GREG. FITZSIMMONS. I mean, that's what I was gonna ask you is like You know your father's your manager?

(1h 15m 21s):
No. No. Hell not. Not exactly, but he, He just be there. He just be around. He just like being around. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Is he just be taking 10% of your money? No. No. Oh, nah, he don't, he don't take no money. Well, actually I have no idea why you're lying in his defense right now. He Don't, he don't take no money. But when I, when I first started doing standup, we had made a deal, right? So I was broke, obviously. And so we had made, we had made like merch. He was like, Hey, for the rest of your career, right? You just, he's like, for the rest of, what the fuck? Hey, don't play this nigga. You fucking it up. Fuck it up my tempo right now. Red man. God damnit, I got scared the shit. Oh, we in the courtroom, nigga. What the fuck?

(1h 16m 3s):
I hate courtroom nigga. And so, so stop nigga. So that's Scary. So when we started, when we started, he told me, he was like, he was like, you gotta understand something. I'm gonna make your merch. I'm make your merch, right. Oh, ignore me Cam, go ahead. Tell the story. I got it Ain't Think nigga, so like I'm make, I'm gonna make your merch, but I need, we're gonna split it 50 50 for the rest of your career. That's what we gonna do. And I was like, yeah, no problem. And I was broke on the couch and I was like, no, we can do that. And now like, we making a little bit of money. And now he like, so we, They don't know how to play the court thing.

(1h 16m 43s):
The horn players are immune to the court music, I guess. Okay, so he took care of you. Yeah. And then there's a little, so You guys give each other reparations. It's incredible how things are changing. This is absolutely amazing. I love the looks that I'm getting from SAM JAY tonight. I got back up now, nigga. No, We're having fun here. Sam Yoni. What's up? This is so fun.

(1h 17m 23s):
I Tell you something else. Yeah, I bet my homeboy $5,000 in, in drunk basketball. You played him for $5,000. Yeah. What went in Utah? Yeah, Utah. Oh, My, God. Then what happened? Well, I, I beat him. Wow. Obviously, but I beat him, but I didn't drink at all. Genius. He Drank all the, he he, he don't even know this yet. Nobody, he don't know this yet at all. But, so the game plan was, I was like, bitch, I can beat you in basketball. He was like, no, you can't. He a little bit taller than me. So I probably couldn't. So I was like, You know we should play drum basketball. And so the whole How tall is he? Five, five and a half. Like, he like, he like six two. He like six two. Yeah. And so I was like, we going, we going play like play drunk basketball.

(1h 18m 5s):
So the whole night I'm feeding him like real shots and they just give me water shots. And then at one Point, that's how date rape start. Well, I didn't fuck him in the ass. Jay? Yeah. I just beat him in basketball. All Right. Yeah. So, so it kept, it kept giving him like, they just kept giving him liquor. And at one point I felt bad because he been drinking margarel and shit, the whole show. And I've been drinking that all. And I was like, let's just do five shots instead of eight. And then he was like, no, what you pussy? Let's do eight. I was like, You know what? Yes, let's do eight. And then we took eight shots and then I just beat the fuck outta him in basketball and he would never know until this episode comes out. Amazing. Did he pay you?

(1h 18m 45s):
Huh? Did he pay you? Yeah. Wait, he paid you? Yeah. He already paid You What? I mean he pay me increments. Whoa. He gave, He he should only pay you if you can spell that. I Can spell, I can spell Increments. You need to, you better start spelling, boy. I can spell increments now. I'm upset. What? You can you spell increments I didn't claim to. Oh, I Can spell Increments. I'm up there saying increments, but I can, I, I just know, I know big words and shit. I know big words. I can spell in increments. You got, now we gotta fight for our race now. Well, that's what, what Shit. Somebody gotta spell something.

(1h 19m 25s):
I'll get Bro d spell increments. Nigga's increments. Cam, I'll give you $500. I can spell increments. If you can spell Incre Incre right now. Now We're, we're not doing, oh Yes, we're Sam, Welcome to Texas SAM JAY. This is black spelling me $500 on the line. The word is increments. You can ask any question you'd like. It's origin. It's, This is crazy bro. You could ask me to use it in a sentence.

(1h 20m 7s):
I'm gonna Go home, bro. Nope, there's no home. In fact, we canceled your flights for tomorrow. Can I increments, can I phone a friend? Nope. There's no phoning a friend. And we just got word. None of your friends know how to spell it either. Would you like a, would you like a definition perhaps? I know, I know what it means. Yeah. Gimme an increase or addition. Especially one of a series on a fixed scale. Yeah. The inmates pay can escalate in 5 cent increments. Increments to a maximum of 90 cents an hour. I'm not kidding.

(1h 20m 48s):
That is the example they give in the Oxford Language dictionary. You cannot make it up. Alright. Yeah, can. All right, I'm gonna take this I don Dunno why it would be, I'm take a shot at it for Okay. Can we like, like, like if I'm starting wrong, can you at least let me know I'm starting wrong? Wait, you is this are You guys both spelling it? Yes. Yes. No, I'm gonna go by my, we're going together. Yeah. Alright. It's a tag team. We got you go. We Got it. Wait, You guys, I believe in us. It's, it's, it's, it's automatically down. Shit. Two 50 if you, I'm so upset. All because You're splitting the I only have 500 in the budget, I guess. Wait, I got it In.

(1h 21m 29s):
Wait, wait, wait. What? Wait. C hold On. RI Yoni. Wait, Wait, wait, wait. That's not how fucking spelling works. You guys, you listen. White people listen. Not Do Your job. You don't get to tell them the wrong blind. My title, it's my show. You're done. Do your job. You are done. Put that fucking mic down. You are done. Now Ladies and gentlemen, to definitely not spell it correctly, I present to you. This is black spelling bee cam Patterson, Ladies and gentlemen.

(1h 22m 9s):
I-N-C-R-E-N. Wait, what was that? Wait, what did you just say?

(1h 22m 53s):
I'm a genius Just to let You know the part where you said N and the whole room goes No was the part where you lost. And that was another segment of black spelling bee Ladies and gentlemen who wins? All of us. Damn. Oh, it was good though. That was good. Oh, It was an M. It was an M And then the room corrected you. But don't worry, there's a lot of people at home saying N right now as well.

(1h 23m 34s):
I got farther than all y'all thought I was gonna get. And that's all I Care about. I, I'll tell you this, I honestly thought I didn't see you accidentally saying n instead of M on my prediction sheet. But I thought you were gonna spell it. MIT as in like mince. Oh M-I-N-T-S For sure. I was like so positive. But there you are full of surprises, increments, always fucking entertaining as hell. One more time for the great Kam Patterson Ladies and gentlemen. Oh, My goodness. Black Spelling Bee is its own KILL TONY spinoff show.

(1h 24m 15s):
Again, we reserve the right here. That is my property. I don't know why it sounded like Trump just said it's my property. You've been doing that a lot tonight.

(1h 24m 32s):
Travel is all about choosing your own adventure with your Chase Sapphire reserve card. Sometimes that means a ski trip at a luxury lodge in the Swiss Alps with a few of your closest friends. And other times it means a Resort on a private beach with no one else in sight. Wherever you decide to go, find the detail that moves you with unique benefits at hand selected hotels from Sapphire Reserve Chase make more of what's yours. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDSE. Subject to credit approval

(1h 25m 5s):
Starbucks iced apple crisp oat milk, shaken espresso made with blonde espresso, creamy oat milk and spiced apple flavors. It's nice crisp sip. You can enjoy all autumn long. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.

(1h 25m 19s):
Alright, back to the show. We go Ladies and gentlemen, the fuck are you doing back there? What's, I'm gonna get her another drink. Oh yeah. What do you want? Old fashioned Manhattan. I'm not drinking the old fashioned. What is that? It's a Hennessy with ginger beer and an orange slice Hennessy with ginger beer and an orange slice. Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, it appears as as though black spelling bee is gonna have Round two here. No more. Ladies and gentlemen. Your next bucket pool. We're gonna meet 'em all together. Make some noise for Jake Hayes. Everyone. Jake Hayes.

(1h 26m 6s):
How's everybody doing? I've been going to therapy recently. My therapist told me anytime I'm upset I need to use I statements. I don't think that was the best advice. 'cause now anytime I'm in an argument I'm just like, I've been losing arguments. You gotta stick to you statements. People like you stupid bitch. They say abs are made in the kitchen. I don't really think that's true. None of the women I know have six packs abundant the oven maybe. Yeah man, women are fertile these days. They really are. Which is why I've been thinking about getting a vasectomy. Just wanna be dishwasher safe.

(1h 26m 47s):
Growing up, my dad got me into comic books. Turns out Spider-Man's my favorite superhero 'cause he reminds me a lot of my dad. Not only is my dad my hero, but he also hung himself from the ceiling. Coincidentally enough he was black, which I wasn't upset about the whole situation. I was more so appreciative of the fact that I'm one of the few black guys whose dad actually hung around. Thank You. That's my time. Jake Hayes with his Cal Tony debut. Is that correct? Jake? Your first time here? Yes. Yes sir. Okay. How long been on standup? Like a year. Where at Houston.

(1h 27m 28s):
Wow. With McKenzie. He was just on, right? Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Secret group. Yeah, definitely. There. you go represent Secret group. Trying. Okay, so about a year at the Secret Group. You have a black Dad? I do, yeah. Is He alive Somewhere? I honestly don't know. You really Don know? I just think of You know. I fantasized about where? Wherever it happened to him. You know. don don't know. don don't know if he is or not. Yeah. But he is black. Okay. Checks Out. Checks out. Yeah. Oh, Sam's onto who's does the sound effects around here? Okay. Now you have a black beard and a a different color hair.

(1h 28m 11s):
This is the second time someone like this has been on the show. Are you aware that your hair does not match the color of your beard? I am now. You didn't notice that Ever Kind of have reddish hair? Sure, Sure. Yeah, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. No, today I'm, I'm, I'm in the moment noticing it now. Yeah. How old are you? 38. 38. and you are literally being informed right now live on a show that your hair and your beard are two different colors. I mean, You know. Yes. I'm gonna have your beard spell the word increments real quick. We're gonna find out if it's actually black or SAM.

(1h 28m 53s):
JAY. Let's check in with Sam. Here. What, what's your name, sir? Blind. Sir. DDDD. Mad is he said 38 D Madis said God damn. And that's, that's what making me laugh a lot. Yeah. D also partakes in the Hennessy during the shows. That's funny, Man. That was good. You came out and you yelled at bitches, right? That was the start. What did you, what, What was the start therapy? You was like, fuck therapy. No, no, no. I've been going to therapy and my therapist is Yep.

(1h 29m 34s):
Yep. A bitch or something. Something immediately. Let's not skip around that. You walked out and it was like something, something bitch. And I was like, oh Yeah, no, I was saying my therapist was teaching me I statements. Right. And then they're not working. So then I said, you gotta stick to you, you statements bitch. Like, you stupid bitch. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the part I didn't like. Yep. It wasn't directed towards you. I Didn't like that. Jake. Yes, sir. What do you do for a living? I'm, I'm a nurse. Oh, okay. What kind of nurse are you Used to work in? Like trauma, ICU Now I work in like prisons and jails.

(1h 30m 15s):
Okay. What made you wanna start working in prisons and jail? Are you looking for your father? You know The looks SAM JAY are giving me, if I could get a compilation of all the looks I get from Sam after this, that'd be great. Honestly, I just saw the opportunity. I was in the military for a while and it kind of seemed like similar. Yeah, they're very similar. Okay. What'd you do in the military? I was a special operations medic for the Navy. Wow. Amazing. Look at that. An American hero. I love it. No, you saw some crazy stuff over there.

(1h 30m 56s):
I mean, You know, just regular stuff, I guess. Okay. You just went into A-P-T-S-D moment right there. That was pretty wild to see. Jake, what do you do for fun? For fun? Skydive scuba dive. Like shooting guns, skateboarding. I started comedy a year ago, so that's kind of fun. Yeah. What made you wanna start comedy? I think like You know. It's just like after I got outta the military, I just wanted something to continue to do, like work towards and continue to grow. There's no real cap on it, so I just wanted to continue to work towards something with no, like real ending.

(1h 31m 39s):
Just to get better at something and work on. I've always liked comedy, so it seemed like it would be a good idea. Right. I like all that. I like all the hobbies I you've made up for every fucking loser that's been on tonight. Yeah. So true. That literally does nothing with their life at all. And you're doing all of it. You'd be shocked how few hobbies we have up here. Oh, okay. Yeah. Hell yeah. You keep yourself distracted. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. Shrooms too. Yeah. Okay. Let Me see your abs. You look fucking brick. Oh No, no. I'm not in shoes. No. Lemme See. Pull up your shirt. Oh, whoa. He, he's pull black.

(1h 32m 19s):
Oh no. 38. Not bad. Yeah, don don't, There's no six pack or anything. I'm just, yeah. All right. There you go. I'd fuck myself. But that's about it. One extremely horny lady in the middle of the room. Literally Willing to fuck a centar up here. You know what a off is a centar is. Yeah. Yeah. Is that what I Come off is? Yeah. Very Centar esque. You literally could have the body of a horse behind you. It's a very special type of human There. you go, there's the sound of a centar Centar music.

(1h 32m 59s):
All right. That's galloping. Come on, hit it. That's you. That's you. All right. That's cool. Yep. Jake, what's your love life like? Oh, My, God. None. Aw. What do you mean all? Oh, what do you mean? Yeah, All What do you, I mean, don don't know. Are you on dating apps and things like that? Nah, nah. You meet women in public. How does it go? It doesn't Have you ever talked to to Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How Does that Normally just, bro, look how he just moved his arm up. Oh yeah. Stop. He closed off his body Language. Something tough. Yeah. Don't do no more, bro.

(1h 33m 39s):
No. I got, we all wanna live tonight. No, I Gotta go a little bit further. Leave that man alone. I I just had that same feeling. Something fucking Switched. Went like, Hey, stop switched. He opened up his arms behind his back now centar movements, but Now they like fight. It's like fight, it's like, it's like fight stance. Oh. He just literally went, he's trying to not be a centar and he keeps just fucking up Don. Don't know what I'm doing to be a Centar Dude. You're a centar dude. You are a centar. Every time you try to hide your centar, it comes out even stronger.

(1h 34m 19s):
If you were to, if you were to go to the ocean, you would emerge from one of those waves, like one of those horrible paintings. Yep. Yep. What do you think is the less s fleed centar thing about you? Oh, I don't eat hay. That is the worst choice. The top is human. Why would you eat hay? Right? You wouldn't eat hay Actually the question. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You could have like, you should have like, I'm not a sin or like, I'm not half a horse where you were like, don don't like the food.

(1h 35m 3s):
I mean honestly at this point everybody thinks I'm a centara. don don't know how to get out of it. I don't know of everybody. Do You guys think he's centa? Well, yeah. Yeah. No, it is everybody. It's 100% of the vote inside the room for those to be listening to the podcast. This guy's very excited about it. He just described bullying. Don't fucking shit on. Yeah. I am not a half a horse Tony. Man. Stop it. I got bullied on KILL TONY. What was it? He, was it your race? What was it? I said I was a half a horse. They insisted the room went crazy. I mean, I get the half a horse from the waist down thing, but like, don don't think, You don't think your top half is Centar esque.

(1h 35m 48s):
Nah, He's coming around the No, I galloped right into that one. Dude. Dude, I love it. I fucking love it. Absolutely amazing. And you've never been in a stable relationship. Nay. Here's a, here's a, here's a big joke book. There, you go. Thank you There. you go. Thank you so much. Thank You guys. This that was all right. But I'm giving it to him. I like the interview. Oh, there he goes. Listen to the sound of a walking away.

(1h 36m 29s):
Very interesting. Oh wow. Oh, My goodness. Alright, another bucket bowl. We're flying through You. guys still having fun out there? Make some noise for your next comedian. Joe Filey. Everybody here's Joe Filey. Make some noise for Joe. Everyone, these people wait all day. Some of them travel from around the world. They fly here for this KILL TONY. How we doing? I like that reaction. That's good. You know. I've been talking a lot with my friends about having to talk with my dad. Am I talking way different than all their talks?

(1h 37m 9s):
'cause like I sat down and he is like, son, we both know what you look like. A lot of girls are gonna say no, and that's okay. You just gotta get drunk enough. You can hold 'em down with one arm and cover their mouth with the other. No, that ain't true. I would never rape a girl. I only half raped a girl. Like I had a conjoined twin and this bitch had two heads. Well, no, these bitches had one body. I guess you would say it was definitely a best of both worlds. Like one head was yelling yes and the other one was saying no. And I was like, what more could I ask for? The only thing I could ask for more in that situation would be a nugget.

(1h 37m 51s):
The people laughing. You got fucked up. Reddit a nugget to chick with no arms or legs, like just picture. I, I could come in her three times and just throw her in the closet like a sock until mom finds her. All right. That's my time. Thank y'all. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, that's the first time we've had a double felony admitted to during a 62nd set. You gotta do a, if you're from Youngstown, you can be fe these in a minute. That's Okay. Yes. I mean, yeah, I guess it's okay to, if you can joke about rape as long as you don't look like a rapist. You know the problem with looking like a rapist is never the chick. I want a rape that's saying I look like the rapist. It's always like a Chevy Cavalier. When I want like a Camaro.

(1h 38m 32s):
Everything is getting scarier. The more you talk, you are. Listen, Halloween's almost. Here, I'll come back. Okay. Alright. Just slow down Joe. Slow down. Big time. Breathe a little bit buddy. Breathe. I'm breathing. I'm breathing. I'm calm. I'm sober this time for you. Oh, Okay. Alright. You were, you've been on this show before. Yeah. What were you on last time you were on the show? Where you say you're sober? It was the double. Oh, it was on cocaine last time. And we Oh Wow. All right. Geez. You just have no filter whatsoever, Do you? No, no. We're just living life bro. It's sixth street. Okay, sure. Sixth Street Dolphin represent. Absolutely. Joe, talk less Yoni. Yeah. I got you. You sure you're not on cocaine tonight? No. Alright. Just happened nine months.

(1h 39m 13s):
I'm back on, bro. It's a good time. Okay. It's been nine months since you were on the show. Yeah. And now you're back. Yeah. How long have you been doing standup comedy, Joe? It's been, it's been about two and a half years. Two and a half years. Very good. What do you do for work? Work at Amazon. You work at Amazon? Not anymore, by the way. Oh No. Listen, listen. I got demoted 'cause the last time I was on here, honestly, Wait, are you serious? Yeah. I said I worked with retards and my bosses retarded and I mentioned cocaine and I went back and I was no longer a manager. Yeah. It was worth it. It was worth it.

(1h 39m 53s):
So, Joe, let me ask you, what do you think's gonna happen this time? Fuck it. Fuck it. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I, I've been running like, I've been running a couple shows and doing some side hustles, running out paddleboards and shit. So it's like, yeah, Austin's a active place. You gotta make the money where you can so you don't have to do a nine to five and do comedy. That's what we're, that's what we're shooting for. It's, And one of those fucking packages get here overnight. The managers are all Fucked up When it absolutely, positively has to be there Overnight. Listen, someone gotta get it there. All right. Jail blasters don't deliver themselves. All right. All right. Wait, are we still sponsored?

(1h 40m 34s):
All Right. Are we still sponsored by jail Blasters? Yeah. Are we still sponsored by? Listen, this is our second date. Next time I get first base at least. Right. Alright. Joe Oh. My God. This is incredible. You are by far one of the scariest human beings that's ever been on Show. This show I'll take. That's better than last time. What happened last time? I, You said I was, I looked like a caveman who does science and rapes people. So at least this time I'm just a rapist. We're, we're eliminating some of their subtitles. It's all right. Deep madness. Those are my captions on the bottom of the screen when we watch the video. I'm Glad I can't watch another God Daniel E even he didn't see that punchline coming.

(1h 41m 21s):
Shit. Joe, you are wild dude. Are you on a little bit of Adderall perhaps right now? No. Honestly, no. I'm on like, no. What are you on right now? You Almost, I smoked a joint and I did two shots at Poor Choices. What were the shot? Tequila. Tequila. Yeah. I could tell that's an upper. And the weed was a sativa Sixth Street. That's, that's where you are. Yes. Wow. I mean, just an inconceivable fucking situation wherein you are un interviewable. That's better than some of the people I heard on here. So I'll take it. All right. I do some hobbies. I heard the last guy had hobbies. You.

(1h 42m 1s):
know what I mean? I go fishing. I'm not just throwing people we we don't wanna Know. She said, oh hell nah. Okay. That one for you now Joe. I'm just gonna get you outta here. There goes Joe, you got a little joke book last time? I got A big joke book last Time. You did? Yeah. Well you fill it up with jokes Joe. Thank you Boss Smith. There you goes Joe. Finally everybody thank you There. you go everybody. You can recognize him from future trials of some kind. You saw him here first. We're gonna do something fun right now. This guy, not a regular, not a golden ticket winner.

(1h 42m 43s):
He's different. A special little fucking Austin freak Ladies and gentlemen. The long awaited return of Uncle Lazer. Statistically, we've all, to some degree been sexually assaulted with a stranger during Netflix and chill.

(1h 43m 28s):
You're one of the few. Yeah. I mean sometimes the guy from Christian Mingle that you met ain't so chill You know and starts off as a butt massage and ends You know with the guy you swipe right on fucking cherry picking them little toilet balls outta the rim of your butt hole. Oh yeah. I had covid. I lost my sense of taste. Smell. You can still get strep throat, you fucking idiot. But I smoked crack with a woman the other day during Netflix and Chill.

(1h 44m 12s):
I said, call me old fashioned. But I don't think Netflix and chill is a crack activity, darling. I'm trying to watch the Houses of Dragons. Not Chase a fucking dragon. My name's Uncle Azar. You're Okay. House of Dragons is not on Netflix, but we'll, we'll accept it. Anyway, welcome back. Wow, dude. That's where you're gonna start off. Well, I mean, Wow dude. I mean I'm a fan of both Netflix and House of Dragons, so I just wanna get that out there. Big fan of Netflix. I I just love them Statistically we both are You know.

(1h 44m 57s):
Right? Why do you keep doing that lick thing with your face? You're extra lizardy tonight. What's Happening? Whoa. There's the sound of lasers Not feeling well. What's going on with ya? I gotta apologize man. Okay. It's a red band. Oh shit. What happened? Oh, We went out to the Master Square garden and oh, I threw up everywhere in red Band's bathroom and I blamed it on some girl that was in the Green room. And I'm gonna be honest with you, they're like, I was like, if I tell him it was me, they're, they're gonna think I'm on drugs again.

(1h 45m 39s):
You know. And so, Which you are, you have been the entire time. I've known this the entire time. No, but I went in there 'cause I was actually poisoned by Aaron Rogers and That's Because he was back there and I saw them drinking that Bud Light and I'm like, Hey, y'all gotta drink that gay beer 'cause NFL watching y'all or you wanna come back and go in Gen pop and get tequila with me? You know. And I tried to be Billy Badass 'cause he was dipping those little loosies and they're 12 milligrams and usually I dip Zen and only three milligrams. Well I put three of 'em in the top of my lip. Right. Tried to hang out with Aaron Rodgers.

(1h 46m 20s):
I'm trying to be cool. They're telling war stories. Yeah. About You know fucking avoiding a Sack from Miles Garrett. And I'm fucking women that look like defensive line men You. know what I'm saying? And You know I was try and be one of the boys You know and I fucking had to vert off and threw up everywhere in his bathroom. And red band got off stage at that moment in time, started banging on the doors. I'm gonna tell Tony you're back here. And I go and I just took off running. So I'm sorry it was me and I got a gift for It. And I will tell you this, let the record show that I never forget anything and oh, two packs of parliament's. Amazing. You invested $12. So given the segment of this show, amazing. But I will tell you this, that there was indeed a moment of the second night of Madison Square Garden.

(1h 47m 6s):
There we are. I mean I am just in the zone going down the plans that I had just executing moment after moment of what many people that were there in attendance said the biggest two night event in comedy they've ever seen before. And halfway through the second night, indeed, I look over at Red Band and he's h he does this thing where he huffs and puffs a lot, sometimes just, ah. And I go, what the fuck? I go off mic, but I'm gonna do it with a mic this time. But normally I go like this. But I was like, so I go, what the fuck is wrong with you right now? And he literally goes, fucking Uncle Laser threw up all over my fucking bathroom. Like, and I'm like, and I'm like Red band, we are live at Madison Square Garden right now.

(1h 47m 50s):
Let's fucking talk about it later. These are the conversa. If you ever wonder what conversations we're having off mic, they're all Retarded. 100%. It's never anything we're like, oh thank you. I needed that information. Red Bitch. What's interesting that helps the flow of the show. What's interesting is that he didn't just puke in the toilet like a, like a 12-year-old. He puked all around the toilet. So I had to like piss like an arch just to go To pee. I understand. I understand what happened there. Because laser thinks he's a man. So what happened was you are like, I ain't Gonna throw up. I just ain't feeling so good. Right. You're trying to lie to yourself. So you didn't puke in the toilet because you didn't think you were, you were trying to fight the puke.

(1h 48m 33s):
Explain to us how you puke all over a bathroom as a grown man. Even the last rapist retard guy would make it in the toilet. Deep madness. Could totally get it all into the toilet. No, it's you fighting with your I'm a Man. I ain't gonna throw up. I could do what Aaron Rogers does even though I'm the same height as Mitchell MacArthur. I Swear to God I'm five seven and a half and three quarters. I get out the measuring tape Tony measuring from the top of my mullet. Like I said, I was poisoned And You were, you were not poisoned by Rogers. You were not poisoned by iron.

(1h 49m 13s):
I was poisoned by Air Rogers. No, you wish. You wish. Can I just Bring up one thing? Laser said early in his set he said the word statistically. And in all fairness to the black comics we've had on tonight, don't make. Oh yeah. I would like to wager $5. Yes. That laser cannot spell statistically. Would you like us to use it in a sentence? Ladies and gentlemen, this is a very special segment we call white trash spelling bee. Unbelievable. It is indeed. Statistically it is an adverb.

(1h 49m 53s):
What's according the country of origin, according to or by means of statistics, all observation data were statistically analyzed. Ladies and gentlemen from the Oxford Language D dictionary, this is Uncle Laser with the word statistically. Origin is Greek or Roman. Hey, they're the same place. Don't worry about it. Tony listen. Statistically. S-T-A-T-I-S-C-A-L-L. That is incorrectly. Yeah, I was Ladies and gentlemen that is white trash spelling B. The two L's are silent.

(1h 50m 34s):
Fuck no. It was a, it was fuck. It was a, it was a very obvious T that you missed there. You said. Was It a TI don't dot 'em across them. You know Statist. Yeah. Yeah. You really miss them very, again, a very odd letter to miss. A lot of comedians are just dumb as shit. Huh? It's just unbelievable. Top to bottom, left or right. You know There, you go You, know your directions. Very good. Amazing stuff. Uncle Lazer. What else is going on in life? Yeah, You know trying not to die. Face down in a motel six in Nebraska.

(1h 51m 15s):
You know it. Tom Bodett with You, you have been on the road a lot. Yeah. and you have been doing that. You lie continuously to me in order to get back on the show continuously. Continuously says Tony. I haven't been doing any drugs or anything. I mean I just, no, I actually haven't been doing cocaine. The fentanyl shit's been scaring the fuck up. I haven't done cocaine in like six months. Dead ass not, not kidding. What about ketamine? I don? I never really that what you, what I mean? No, like honestly like ketamine's. You ever wanna just be in Legoland? Take ketamine. I mean it's stupid. It's fucking the haze for horses and so is ketamine You. know what I'm saying? So I never really got into it.

(1h 51m 55s):
How about any meth, like drugs? The define that? Like chickens, beef, Chickens. Any. Any, anything at all. Adderall. Not Adderall, but that they get that to kids. Yeah. How much do you take the kids dosage? You know basketball team's worth. Yeah. Kids don't snort it. Yeah. No. Well there's no point. It just, they like Skittle when you snort it, You're teaching a lot of people different things right now that they don't know. This is still a part of white trash spelling bee. It's the part where we don't spell anything. Which the more white trash part of the the B.

(1h 52m 37s):
And what other drugs have you been doing on laser? Let's talk about it. Stem cells. Oh wow, You heard? Yeah. Amazing. How about anything else in life? What else is going on? Anything else? I trying to put my mom in retirement home. Okay. How's that going? Terrible. Yeah, talk about it. She on Adderall too? Yeah, that's why I'm trying to put her in the home. Does she keep stealing on my fucking pill bag? Alright, Ladies and gentlemen. You know him. There he is. Uncle Lazer. Thank you. He's on tour. He's on the road.

(1h 53m 21s):
Who did I hear you Okay? Has the girl signed up inside? Did the girls sign up? You have a minute. Ready? All right, come on up here lady. Get your ass up here. You. guys. Having fun out there tonight, huh? I promise you there's a couple more fun segments left and then we'll get outta here. But little conundrum, Ladies and gentlemen. Here she is. Everybody from the inside. Hello.

(1h 54m 3s):
Start with your name. What was that question? It wasn't, start with your name. I'm Alicia. Hello. Make some noise for Alicia, everybody. And the clock starts now. 60 seconds uninterrupted for Alicia. So anyone been to an he EB recently? Can I get some hands? Anyone dance their way into a hate crime at an he EB? Oh, just me. Great. Awesome. That's fantastic. So this is a funny story and it's not super funny because I'm an awkward ass human being. So I'm at an HEB, they play bangers.

(1h 54m 44s):
Can I get a hello? They do like they play bangers when they play the music on top. So I'm in, so I'm in the street playing, dancing, whatever. And I am like Oh, My, God. There's an HEB person in front of me and we're playing and we're dancing and we're feeling the music except she wasn't dancing. They had palsy. And so I'm mimicking this person who has palsy in front of me and they see me and just exactly just dead inside. Except for I was like, oh great, I get to leave now and no one's gonna know who I am except for a basic white bitch.

(1h 55m 29s):
And I have my name. There. you go There, you go. Very good, Alicia. Amazing. So what ended up happening, I had my name monogrammed across my shirt and a personalized license plate. And so everyone knew who I was as I left and I could never go back to that HEB and I. You were banned from an HEB? Yes, I was. Yes. Wow. And by the looks of things you fucking love HEB. I do. Yes. Yeah. Thank You. What do you do for work? I'm in sales. Did that affect your job at all? Did you go viral? No, because I sell across Canada and the world. So no one knew about my life except For my husband.

(1h 56m 10s):
You live in Canada? No, I live here except for the fact that my husband stayed married to me is Amazing. You're Okay. Here's a little joke book. Thank you. Wow. There you go. You catch like a Canadian might not be one. I wish I was Canadian so I could just, We wish you were Canadian too so that we would never see you again. There she goes, Alicia. Everybody. And we're keeping it moving along. The bucket pool that I was waiting for is here. Put the mic back in the mic Stand. Alicia. Nope. That where you got it. There you go. Good stuff. Yep.

(1h 56m 49s):
There she goes. Alicia, isn't Heidi just extra hot after Alicia was just up here? It's like a, you're like, God, she's hotter than ever. It's amazing. Okay, your final bucket. Pull of the night. Ladies and gentlemen. Angel Mague. Everybody. Angel Mague. We finally got it. Angel mages. Here's Angel. Hello. What's up? Boston You guys have been amazing to me. I've been here a week and I've been, I've had a lot of time to You know, to look up a lot of conspiracy theories because I'm not an open mic You know, I've been looking up at what happened to the weather in Texas, why is it so hot?

(1h 57m 36s):
Right? And it, it turns out that the dues are owed some money. I don't really understand why but, or what it is that the debt is due You know, but we need to make sure that we pay that. And I, I got $5 and I could contribute, but until then, You know we gotta, we gotta make some kind of list and see what we got going on. You know. 'cause I like to skateboard. My wheels are melting. It feels like I'm running a skateboard with flat tires. But yeah, I'm trying to make sure that we, we make some kind of list. We get the dude, dude, we, we get some night temperatures for the day, right? Because I'm coming from California where it's 80 degrees in the day and over here it's 80 degrees at night.

(1h 58m 17s):
What the fuck is going on? But, all right. Thank You guys. That's all I got. Yeah. Red Band's job is so easy. Angel Maga amazing. Why do you look like you surfed across the border? Welcome Angel. How long you been on standup? My first time, was it episode 2 55? I can't remember what year that is. Was it what My first time was on episode 2 55 with Duncan Trusso and David Arquette on this, on this show. First time ever on stage At the comedy store. At The comedy store? Yes sir. Wow, amazing. Was that in the belly room or the main room? In the main Room. Okay. Front 300 people.

(1h 58m 57s):
I choked. Yeah, you did. I never could have guessed that that would've happened four years ago. Yes Sir. You obviously haven't grown much since then. No, sir. What do you do for work Angel? I'm Not working right now. I just got here a week ago. You just moved here? Yes sir. What made you wanna move here? You really? Yes sir. Amazing. Unbelievable. I've been touched by an angel mages. Yes sir. Angel, what do you plan on doing for work? What are your capabilities looking For you Man? What do you, what can you possibly do for me? I already have a gardener. I mean, I'm pretty sure you got cameraman all over the place. You know I have a drone. You know, but You know, I, I could get you coffee or whatever, You know, but whatever it takes.

(1h 59m 39s):
You know. It's funny you mentioned that I actually do need a new person to get me coffee. Why? We get it. You know. Nope. My team is saying no, you've been turned down. I understand. Yoni and Christie's. Immediate rejection. Normally they have a very open mind. Double thumbs down from Yoni. One of the nicest worries people in showbiz, but according to you, he controls the weather so You know what I mean? You may have fucked up with your opening joke there. Angel might want to be a little bit nicer to the Jews if you wanna work in showbiz. Oh, look who's back everyone. Wow. Back in the the old. Wow. Very agile for someone absolutely immobile.

(2h 0m 22s):
So Angel, you just moved here, you're here. 'cause of me. You wanna work for me? Other than a drone, what else can you possibly do? Work a forklift. You can work a forklift. Wow. For Brian. Redban. Yeah. You can feed Redband. That's amazing. That's incredible. There, you go Wow. The alarm, the backup alarm button for the forklift. SAM JAY. What do you think about this? I Think it's fucked up. The Redband gotta play his own bad sound. That's crazy brother. We gotta get you free, man. I didn't like that. I didn't like that. That did not make me feel good. That's him. He is a little piggy.

(2h 1m 3s):
He plays along. He knows the he, he knows the way. So Angel, how'd you get here? Did you drive here? I Flew and then I bought a car like two days in and then I just been living there. I flew And I bought a car. Do You know how to play the horns perhaps Angel? I think I could. I think you could fit in very well over there. Yeah, But I, I, I signed a lease two days ago, so I'm here for a long time I guess. Oh my. How long is a lease? It's a year, but I mean, I'll see how long I last out. Here you go. You're here Until Greg Abbott hears your accent, then you're gonna be in Vermont. It is a thick accent. How many brothers and sisters do you have?

(2h 1m 43s):
She from one side. Hey. Oh, you got Michael Gonzalez excited. Just give us a ballpark here. When by ballpark I mean where You guys picnic every weekend? Seven. No, like nine. Nine. Nine. Nine. Oh My goodness. Absolutely Unbelievable. Nine brothers and sisters in Los Angeles. Okay. Sorry. Absolutely Angel. Well, amazing Stuff. Thank you for having me guys. You have any hobbies or special skills or talents that would surprise us? No. No. Wow. Very fast answer there. Incredible. You have nothing at all. You do nothing. Yeah. I like, I like taking pictures of cars and I like driving 'em too.

(2h 2m 25s):
And I probably, I probably, I probably drove around your house in Hollywood whenever you were living there super fast. Wow. Yoni. This, this show got a real subreddit energy. No, I like doing Canyon runs. My bad. I like, I like driving. I have a, my bad. I Fucking love you. SAM. JAY. It is amazing. You're just a sweet fucking thing. God damn Angel. You've never gotten a joke book before.

(2h 3m 5s):
I mean, You know what I'm gonna do. Even though your set was just as fucking mediocre as I guess Yes sir. In your interview was just bland. For a guy that's had years to prepare for this, I'm gonna give you a slightly larger than tiny joke book. 'cause you just moved here and I think you could fill it up. And I think that you sign up again and people are gonna be even more interested. and you, now that we know your story and you have no job You're the literally only Mexican we've ever had here that doesn't have a job. It's incredible. It's absolutely unbelievable. But we want to get an update. Let's see another minute, and let's get an update soon. Ladies and gentlemen, angel McGee, all the way from episode 2 55.

(2h 3m 50s):
My goodness. How many years ago was that? That's five years. It's about six years ago by my math. Ladies and gentlemen, You guys want a fucking special treat. Ladies and gentlemen here to join us. I present to you a legend of the show. And without him, without his mother, the show does not exist. I present to you KILL TONY icon. Paul Shore Laser Just killed himself in the back.

(2h 4m 38s):
So, so You guys will never have to see his fucking ass again. I'm just sing and I've taken over for laser. Now it's the wes fucking time, bro. What the fuck do you think, bro? Yes. Thank You, guys for coming. Give it up for KILL TONY and the fucking Shazam crew. Fucking Shazam. So you ready for my fucking rim shots this time? Mike, wake the fuck up and stop texting when I'm on fucking stage. You cocksucker. I'm in front of 20,000 people kind of eating shit at Madison Square Garden. I do a rim shot joke, and he's fucking, I'm going like, I need help. And he fucking doesn't do shit.

(2h 5m 20s):
Anyways, I've been matching with a lot of black chicks on Bumble lately. I think I was on the dating app Bumble. It's where women choose you. And lately a lot of Black Chick, they've been fucking choosing me. I had fucking, I had no fucking idea. My whole life. I've been picking up on the wrong chick my whole life. I've been, my whole life I've been picking up on the crack ass, crack ass hoes. And I left these fine ass Shaniqua on the motherfucking table. Ain't that a motherfucking bitch? I was dating a girl recently, and she did break up with me for a black guy. I said, why'd you do that? And she said to me, I just like black dick.

(2h 6m 1s):
So, so, So what I did is I spray painted my dick back and we got, fuck, I fucked that up. I So give the fucking cat me out, bro. What the fuck? I already did. There's too many laughs. Oh shit. Sorry. All right. Thank you. Sorry. You're doing good, Paul. You're doing good. All Right. Anyways, Pauly. Sure. Everybody Pauly, What's up dudes? So much fun. So wild. You did it again. SAM JAY. Did you match with them on Bumble? My name is Samaria. Is that Deb Shaa?

(2h 6m 42s):
But no. Can I give you a hug? Of course. Probably You know. I love you here. Can I take your hat Off or No? No. Stop taking people's hats off Polly. You want somebody to take off what you're wearing on your head, whatever the fuck that is. It's funny, someone did ask me if I had a Bosley hair weave. Yeah. How Fucked up is that? If I got a Bosley hair weave, I'm fucking tell people I fucking got it. I fucking hide that shit in the woods and come back a week later and say, check it out, bro. The weasels, weel Weel, bro. It's a weel swing. But black women do love Poly Shore. What's That? Black women do love Poly shore. That is a true thing. What Do you think it is about Polly? The, we Grew up, we grew up on 'em and like Class Act, which is a, it is a very popular black movie.

(2h 7m 27s):
And he was in it, and we were like, we like that. We like that combo. And then You know what I mean? You, you were like, kind of like flavorful enough, but like weird enough. And I think we all went through a phase where we like dirty skater looking boys and you were like a dirty skater looking boy, but it, it wasn't like lame. So it was like, yeah, that's a white dick I could see happening. Possibly respect Wake, Come fuck up. Yeah. Still trying to get Michael Gonzalez out of his funk. There. you go. Okay. Come on baby. Come on. This is Elvis motherfucking Presley. Come on, dude. I'm so proud of this fucking team.

(2h 8m 7s):
Give it up for Tony and his fucking team, dude, for real respect. Thank you Paul. And Yoni, you're, if there, there was no big kill to no big, there'd be no KILL TONY if there's no fucking Yoni, bro. It's True. Yoni is the secret sauce. There's no doubt about it. Fought for a great, many, many improvements in striving moments here. Polly, you did great at Madison Square Garden. How's everything else going? How's la What's going on? You? Me and my brother are closer than ever now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Quiet silence. I like that. Yeah. They don't, I don't think everybody knows the whole story. You were supposed to do a documentary on it. Remember about six months ago, Yoni, six months ago.

(2h 8m 49s):
I'm with Tony at the Mitzi's Bar. My mom's name Get up to my mom's Mitzi's bar downstairs. Yeah. In honor of the Queen. And then he says to me, we're gonna do a documentary on Peter and Polly. Yeah. Right? And now he just said, fuck it. You just do a documentary and you, that's It. Well, no, that's Your, no, that's cool, dude. You're famous, bro. No, I still wanna do that documentary. No, I wasn't gonna start that night. I kind of have to do some stuff that I have planned Polly, and then I'm gonna get around to that project, which I'm still very passionate about. For those of you that don't know Polly, of course, the son of Mitzi Shore has a brother, Peter, the son of Mitzi Shore. And these two, I mean, legends of the game.

(2h 9m 31s):
Peter runs the Comedy store. Polly is, Polly has a full fucking career, both of them raised by the wildest comedians in the craziest situations you could have literally ever imagined. You can't even, no one would believe the childhoods that You guys had. And I still find you try to try. There is no doubt. I mean, you wanna talk about succession? Succession, a show, HBO, not Netflix that I love, that I loved. It's over now. But I mean, obviously it's kids trying to You know take over from what their parents built.

(2h 10m 11s):
And there was a lot of, a lot of controversy. Who's going to get the Comedy store? How's it going to happen? What's this? What's that? Or turn here. Turn there. And all the comedians know about you and your brother's battle. But if the, if other people ever found out the truth of everything, it would literally be the most unbelievable, unbelievable fucking show of all time. Yeah. No one, no one knows, Right? No one. But I think maybe one day they will because of me. Hopefully. Yes. Maybe. Yeah. You guys heard it right here, right? Yeah. Because the comedy store, I just have to stop filling arenas first and then, and then I'll get around to your story, Polly.

(2h 10m 51s):
Yeah. I just have to, As long as you're gonna commit to doing it at some point, then You know. That's cool, right? Totally Committed. Yeah. I absolutely find it to be one of the most unbelievable fucking stories of all time. And Then, and then for me, I would really like to do the, and I'm gonna do the Richard Simmons biopic, so that's happening. Yeah. R-I-P-R-I-P. You know, I point You know his fa, his family didn't want, his family said no, and Richard said no. I said, well, who do you want to play you? He said, he said, fucking Tom Cruise, bro. I swear with a straight face. I'm like, dude, I'm fucking you. Like, I look like you. I don't have to fucking act motherfucker. Check this out. Come on ladies.

(2h 11m 32s):
Let's go girls. Hey, hey, hey, Hey guy. Yeah. Look, you and Michael are back connected fully right now. It's an unbelievable Rocket man. Say 2, 3, 4. She packed my back hacks last night. Pref flights. Yeah. Zero. Wow. Wells 9:00 AM Marza the counter place. Okay. Okay. Cut. Cut. Pauly, that was good. Sorry. How about Polly Shore? Ladies and gentlemen, you don't know Rocket Man.

(2h 12m 16s):
I'll tell you this. SAM JAY does that somehow doesn't know Rocket Man. But I must say we were absolutely ridiculously jamming to some white people. Nineties music last night on the boat. That's My, I love nineties alternative. You know some crazy white people. Music. I like nineties. You actually into me a couple. I'm like, wait, what? I'm into nineties alternative. I'm baking tonight. Alternative. But don don't know that one. What's your favorite nineties white people music? Mm hmm. Like Foo Fighters, maybe. You guys. You guys. You guys know any Foo Fighters? We're gonna have to just dim it for the YouTube or something. Or cut it or something. Ooh, That's what my, that's my favorite one. Make some noise for The KILL.

(2h 12m 57s):
TONY Band. SAM JAY and Polly Shore. Ladies and gentlemen, You guys want one last special treat. As I mentioned earlier, the great William Montgomery couldn't make it. But I have a little something that I think You guys are gonna love here to bring it home. With the final minute of standup comedy tonight, I present to you one of the all time, very fast KILL, TONY legends growing and excelling in front of our very fucking eyes. Two nights at MSG. He is, without a doubt, on his way to American citizenship.

(2h 13m 38s):
I present to you the Estonian assassin, Ari Matti, Yoni Yoni. No bigger culture shock for me than the fucking American homeless. 'cause you have these erratic, fucking hard to read motherfuckers out there. There's a guy outside of my apartment.

(2h 14m 19s):
I see him every couple of days, always shirtless, holding a pipe, just going off, just Up. And what annoys me is how nonchalantly everyone else around me acts like all my neighbors are like, that's Mike. And I'm the only one who's like, shoot Mike all these By.

(2h 15m 5s):
But his name is literally Mike. Like my neighbor's, not the guy. And that's what you have here. You know you are homeless, you like grow up with them. 'cause Estonia, where I'm from, we also have homeless people, but what we also have is a rough winter. So it's not the same guy. Every year we get a new batch like butterflies.

(2h 15m 45s):
But here you just see Mike every year getting stronger. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Two minutes of thunder lightning from the freak of Estonia. Ari. Matti. I mean, My. goodness. What a way to put a fucking ribbon on it. You are fantastic. Thank you. Unbelievable. Delivery, execution, fucking everything. The writing You know a lot of people that are as funny with delivery and moving is you, don't they? They automatically settle for the writing of that they can get away with.

(2h 16m 27s):
Yeah, because they get their laughs from their voice, from their delivery, from all the thing. Other things that you also have going, your writing is fucking incredible. Your perspective making it about Estonia, the rough winter unfuck believable. You worked very hard at this and it shows you're a natural absolute freak where we at with your citizenship. Thank you so much. I mean, it's going as well as you can You know. Yeah, I mean, I've been on Joe Rogan, I'm on here. So yeah, I guess I need to be president to get this fucking paper, huh? Well, me running, If It's Almost a win-win for you at this point, no matter who ends up being president.

(2h 17m 11s):
'cause one of them lets everybody become a citizen. And the other one, it appears as though I'm short circuited, but I guess You guys are gonna find out more soon about the other one. Fantastic stuff. Well, thanks Tony and everybody, all The KILL TONY fans. Super nice. I walk around everybody else, Estonia Super, super nice. Let's check in in with the great GREG FITZSIMMONS. This is your first time seeing Ari Matti, right? Oh, I've seen 'em online and I've always been very impressed. Oh, thanks Greg. Appreciate. I really, really appreciate. I really strong. And although outta fairness to the black comics and the redneck comics, you used the word nonchalantly about halfway through your set, and I would like to challenge you on the Whoa, Ladies and Gentlemen from the nations fallen from the Soviet block in the 1980s category.

(2h 18m 13s):
Ladies and gentlemen, I, this is the shit first time that I actually think that the speller might get this right. Nonchalantly, this is the first ever and perhaps the last ever Estonian spelling bee, Ladies and gentlemen, nonchalantly is an adverb in a casually calm and relaxed manner. She nonchalantly walked out of the police station nonchalantly, NON. Then the Min mark that is CHAL.

(2h 18m 57s):
Yes, you are correct, bitch. I should have your fucking passport retarded. Back to L. Yeah. A-N-T-L-Y. You got it. S-A-S-A-S-A-U. Us. A SA. And We did it again.

(2h 19m 37s):
Sam Jay in Sacramento, New York City at the Gramercy Theater, Sam Jay comedy.com, it stock.com. He is going to Tulsa San Francisco. His new special You know me is a GREG FITZSIMMONS comedy on YouTube. Those tickets are@vincedog.com.

(2h 19m 55s):
Thank you to SimpliSafe, Talkspace and express VBN.

(2h 19m 59s):
One more time for our guest tonight, Sam Chase, GREG FITZSIMMONS. The drawing is in from Ryan JE Belt who draws every episode of Greg and Sam. One more time for the best damn band in the land. Let's see what Chris Rogers drew up tonight in the corner there. Fuck. yeah, it's it's Ari Matti and Han's Kim's baby. Everybody. I don't know what the fuck I don know what the fuck that is. What the Fuck is that supposed to be, Chris?

(2h 20m 40s):
Is that Ari? Check out the sunset strip atx.com secret show every Thursday. Chris Rogers art on Instagram. Chris, I love it. I love it. Did You guys have a great night tonight? We love you. Thank you. God bless America and God bless Texas. Good night everybody.

(2h 21m 34s):
The Sunset Strip Comedy. Club in Austin. Texas is now open. Check out Red Band secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.