
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network, This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now on Spotify and Apple Podcast If, you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website? go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch Merch, go to DEATHSQUAD merch dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Red Band coming. Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony it. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Yeah, You made it motherfuckers.


This is the number one live podcast in the world, brought to you by DraftKings This is KILL TONY.


Hi everybody. How about one more time for the best? Oh, this is Red Band, everyone. There he is. One more time for the best stand. Bannon the land, huh? Come on. That's Groove Line Horns, the great Carlos Sosa. Fernando Castillo, Michael Gonzalez on the drums. Raul Vallejo on the Horns. Look. Who else is joining us on Horns Tonight? KILL TONY Legend Jet Ski. Jesse Johnson, Ladies and gentlemen from Rum over here, the Great Matt mulling on the electric guitar.


Jon Deas on the Keys. And this is D Madness on the bass guitar. Ladies and gentlemen live in the Flesh, the Real Deal. A fantastic episode plan for y'all. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing Sponsors that made it all possible. The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin. Texas is now open. Check out Red Band secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


This episode is brought to you by The Weather Channel. It's suggested that brands avoid using sound effects and podcast ads. And remember to speak in a chill tone. Well, here's a suggestion for Everyday life. Tap into the Weather Channel app. It's loaded with insights that help you manage your allergies. Breathe easy and Use your outside voice. What in the weather are you waiting for? Be a force of nature with the Weather Channel app


At Sierra Discover top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Are You guys ready to start Tonight's show or what? Ladies and gentlemen, tonight's guest, it is his first time joining the show. Very, very awesome Comedian, Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for tonight's guest. JOHN. Everybody, come on. Hell yeah. John, welcome. John. Have a seat. Yeah, sit there. Yeah. JOHN about to go on a huge tour. Let's do it. Tickets. It's bill JOHN comedy.com. It's like Christ, but without the H.


Hi John. That's a good way to say that. I'll take it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good at figuring out ways to stop Without the H. Yeah, right. Like Hinge Cliff is h plus inch Cliff plus E. It's a haiku to start the show. It's, It's 11 letters. Yeah. Not easy to spell. It was Like, dude, I don't know. When I graduate high school, I, that's how I learned how to say it and spell it actually. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Red band, H plus inch Cliff plus E There. you go the Great Jet Ski Johnson. Also joining us again, just a reminder, she chimes in sometimes through the show, and we reward her with not only laughs, but also a vroom, vroom, vroom, vroom. You go like that.


You go like that. Rum You guys. Do that. Do it. You guys can do better than that. Do it again. There. you go There, you go Red band. Really overpowering You guys. But thinking that that makes sense there, but it's okay. It's the least of our worries in this wonderful world. John, welcome to the show. Be we're gonna, it's good. Be here. See some comedy tonight. We're gonna talk to comedians. We're gonna figure out what makes them tick. I have 238 signups in this bucket tonight. I swear there's a lot. They're everywhere. There's so many. You almost Ruined somebody's dream. It just fell Out there. Absolutely incredible.


Yeah. That's the end. I'm gonna put these back in. If I pull their name out, they get 60 seconds on Interrupted You. know their time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts them. And then I conduct an interview and we talk to them and we figure out more about them and what they could possibly have going on in their lives or what makes them special. Every episode's totally different. Every episode is improvised. Anything can happen as we go. Wrangle the comedian from across the street. I'm going to introduce a regular on the show. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you kicking off tonight's show with a brand new 60 seconds.


A legend of KILL TONY, a Hall of Famer in Koni. We are starting the show with a hall of famer. You guys met this man one week after my monumental cancellation, in which my career has never been the same since May, 2021. He was sleeping in his van, doing too many open mics everywhere in front of empty rooms. Now he sells out all over the world. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise. Sing it. If You know the words. This is Hans Kim.


Hey. So China recently landed a rover on the moon. So now there's fentanyl there. You know doctors. They're not allowed to say retard anymore. They gotta go up to the mother and say, congratulations, sir. Your child is gonna be a KILL TONY golden ticket winner. A lot of women love drag shows, which I think is hilarious. Drag is where men dress up and pretend to be women. Can you imagine if there was a show where a woman dressed and acted like a dude, we would beat the fuck out of her.


A lot of people are worried about drag queens grooming children during story hour. I am not worried because straight men still exist and we're undefeated. Baby, you got story hour. We got private islands and jets. We're gonna molest the shit outta your kids. All right, that's my tie. Thank you Kim. Dissing China right from the Get Anything for you. Tony. Fuck those Chinese motherfuckers. Whoa, Jesus.


Hey. Whoa. Good Lord Almighty. How's it going, Hans? I'm doing great. Tony. I am living life. I recently moved into a beautiful new apartment. I'm really close to Brian Redband. Ooh. Oh, My. goodness. What's that like living close to Brian Redband. You smell it Kind of smells. Yeah. Oh, My goodness. A lot of, a lot of like fried food. So what's your, what's your apartment like? What's the new place like? It's, it's, it's a high rise. I got a good view of everyone working hard. I'm just in my apartment writing about drag and children getting molested.


Everyone else is working. I Love it. John, you ever seen Hans Kim before? I just in the green room. Yeah. There you go. All right. Very, very attractive woman he was with. Yeah. No, he does have a hot white girlfriend. Yeah, she is wearing a little black dress tonight. You can see a lot of her white skin, which I love. Wow. don don't know what to do with that. It's great. No, I know. He doesn't give us much to work with here. It's an incredible shirt. You have teal. There's almost a collar, but not really a collar. Where do you get something like that? Amazon.com. Amazon.com. Not even the app. Ladies and gentlemen.


He goes through the safari And, and who pressed it for you? I actually iron all my clothes myself. It kind of runs in the family. Yeah. That joke deserved more than that. I feel like that was a Great, yeah, that was good, Hans. Doing good. Pretty good joke. What else is going on in life, hon? It's been a few weeks since we've seen you. Tell us more about your I I'm recently incorporated. I am a proud proprietor of Low Effort Content. LLC. That's the name of your company? Yeah. Wow. A lot of podcasts and live streams. But yeah, I recently went on tour with a great Jesse Jetski Johnson.


We were The Killers. We killed it. Yeah. And where'd you go? What cities? We did Denver and Omaha and sold out Tony. You're so amazing that you're selling out theaters when you're not even there. I completely agree. It is unbelievable what we've been able to do with our little universe. Well, I love it, huh? Anything fun happen when you were on the road in those places? We went to a restaurant. We, they closed it out for us. David Lucas has an inside scoop. He's You know. He's, he's in familiar with the, the You know the lower the gang members. What kind of restaurant was it? It was like a Korean restaurant.


Ooh. Hans also took us to a gay bar. And then we cam and David and I paid the cover and we're looking for him. And he was waiting outside 'cause he didn't wanna pay the cover. Hans Truth comes out, is a notorious, the truth comes out mis very, very Thrifty man. Thus the Amazon shirt. How much was that shirt on Amazon? This is $25. Whoa. It's actually a lot more than I thought it would've. There was that Easter clearance sale. Like, what was that? It's a pastel colors. You know. Alright. But that I doesn't, the headliner. I thought Tony, doesn't he? I thought he pays the cover for all the other, So I will say Cam did pay for me and David, and I was like, you don't have to.


He's like, like, I got you. And then Hans, where are you? We're texting him. He's like, I'm by the entrance. And we thought he was by the, he was outside the entrance. What happened, Hans? What was going through your mind? I was standing out there. I went in and the guy touched me, very weird. And then I went in and they were like, it's $15. And I was like, oh, let me wait for the crew to come in. Let me make sure that they're in there. I don't want to spend money if they're not gonna be in there. And then turns out they were in there the whole time and I was just waiting outside. How long were you waiting outside for? Probably like 30 minutes. Yeah, it was A long time. Wow. And it, I don't think it was a gay bar, but David Jolly saw everyone dancing.


He was like, this shit's gay. We gotta get at it. Any bar can be a gay bar if David Jolly says so. So Hans, when you went in the gay bar, anything cool happen in there? I got in and I left immediately. I really didn't get to see any gayness. I, I mean, Did you ask for a refund? Like, I was like, Hey, I gotta pay for Amazon shirts, gimme my money back. Oh, all right. Hanzi fun times. Way to get the show started. Ladies and gentlemen, A new minute from Hans Kim. Solid, solid minute.


And here we go to the bucket. Ladies and gentlemen, this is where shit gets wild. This is where we meet somebody. Could be somebody's first time ever on stage. Could be somebody that's been doing it 20 years. Hoping and waiting to get a chance to make it on this show. Could be the next star of comedy. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you your first bucket. Pool of the night, 60 seconds, uninterrupted. Going to Duncan Stone Street. Everybody here comes Duncan Stone Street. What's going on? Y'all probably can't tell by looking at me, but I fucking love Lizzo. I do. Most of my friends, they tell me all the time.


That's disgusting. You shouldn't like big girls like that. I can't believe you admit that. I'm from Mississippi. We don't brag about catching the smallest fish You. know what I mean? Nobody thinks of it that way, but I do. I fucking love Lizzo. I get the same feeling. Seeing her as when I see like a, a fresh rotisserie chicken at three in the afternoon after day drinking. And I got $18 left and You know that one. You need to survive. Yeah. I love her man. I was on her side when she got all that negative press too. You know. I don't know if y'all heard, she shoved a banana and a stripper's pussy and tried to make one of the backup dancers. Eat it. Y'all hear about that?


Allegedly. But I was on her side. I thought we should point out the positives. You know at least her big ass is eating fruit. Now. It's the wrong lips, but it starts to start You know. Hey, my name is Duncan Stonetree. Y'all. That's my time. Thank y'all. Y'all were so kind. Dun Stone Street. Yes sir. Welcome. Duncan. Is this your first time on the show? Yes sir. Absolutely. You, you're so polite. I love the sirs coming. Where you from? I'm from Star Mississippi. Storm Star. Star Mississippi. Sir, what's Star? Mississippi known for Faith Hills. From there if you ever heard of Her. Yeah. Is there a lot of people in Star Mississippi?


No. Actually if you Google it on the Google right now, it'll tell you zero people live there If you Google it on the Google. Yeah. How far are you from where Forest Gump was raised? Not too far. I bet it's two R Star with two Rs, is It? Or no? No, it's just one, one R No, R two RSS would be too hard for everybody to put at the end. I feel like there's a lot of Rs there. Yeah. Rum. Yeah. There's also a lot of our in dur. What do you do for work Duncan?


Well, this last month, man, I just been road tripping it. I went and crashed with a buddy and did comedy for like a month in Phoenix and hung out and seen what the scene was like out there. And it was fucking rad. Yeah. What, what was the rad about it out there in Phoenix? Man, it was wild. I, I woke up one night with a bag of cocaine. Ooh. And I don't do cocaine at all. Wow. How did You know it was cocaine if you don't do it? Well, I was at this bar and I saw this dude doing a lot of cocaine and he offered me some and then like, we hung out. I said no. And we're shooting pool. Few too many drinks later. You know, you hit that point of the night where you just don't remember a lot.


And then I just woke up the next day and it was in my pocket. Isn't that an amazing, magical story? Yeah. It was a miracle, dude. I needed the money. I flipped that shit. Did You, did you sell the cocaine? How much did you sell it for? Oh man, my mom's watching gonna watch this. I was about to say It. Oh, it was enough to You know, cover a couple tabs for the next couple nights. So while I was open micing, I mean, wow. I didn't know. I'm not, you just sniffled after you said that. Yeah. I've been, I've been staying with a buddy who has a cat and I'm like fucking dying. Okay. Yeah. So what do you think really happened? Do you think, like this guy, your buddy slipped a bag of cocaine in your pocket?


You think you had some we're not the cops also. No, I, I, I was at The bar. Were you with the white trash trash tooth fairy that night or Something? No, it was Tempe. Tempe? Yeah. That's, that's where the white trash tooth fairy lives. He's, I woke up with a bag of cocaine under my pillow. Right. But yeah, don don't know. Like, I thought I had gotten drunk 'cause I called my girl the next day. I was like, yeah, I have this whole like, block of time. I don't remember. And I didn't like, have any money gone that I didn't know about or nothing. And I was like, jokes on him. I mean, he put a drug in my drink. I had a good night and I got his cocaine. You know, so fuck that guy.


Absolutely. You said you have a girlfriend? Yes, sir. How long You been with her? October coming up will be a year. Okay. And she's still in Star Mississippi? No, she's in, she's in Hattiesburg. It's about an hour away from Star. Yeah. Oh, My. goodness. How did you meet her? Well, she, she works at a tattoo shop that my dad used to work at and help open. And yeah, just years ago in there stopping by and just, what do you Mean stopping by? Yeah, What do we stop? Oh, well, like I, I've, I've had a lot of weird jobs. So like, I travel from the top of Mississippi to the bottom. So like, I'm always just fucking stopping by I don You know what the, you Say. Oh, don't you had a weird job.


We've never done that. You had a weird job. I've Had a lot of them, man. What was the weird job where you would go from the top to the bottom of Mississippi? I used, I used to deliver seafood, gumbos, bisques and pies for this fucking, Wait, can you name all the types of seafood that you would, what types of shrimp was there? I, it memorized. So you got Qui shrimp. There was cocktail shrimp. Brine shrimp. There was everything. Wait, what's your, please tell me your girlfriend's name is Jenny. I'm gonna lose my fucking mind right now. I Larry, it was Samantha. I had a lot of weird jobs. I was in the military for a while.


Spent some time on the base out in Phoenix. It's been, yeah, man's crazy life. I'm actually my last name, stone Street. 'cause my great great, great grandfather was the first to put a stone on a street. Had it come from somewhere. Man. don don't Keep naming the seafood. What kind of seafood were you delivering? Well, we would make like seafood pies. You had? Yeah. It's the most disgusting shit ever. You got like lobster bis, crawfish bis. Keep going. You had shrimp gumbos, crawfish gumbos.


You had, man it was just nasty though. It had like a bunch of heavy cream in it. And the guy that I worked for, he, he sucked balls. I hated that guy. Keep naming seafood. Oh, there's king crabs. Biss You. know lo I said lobsters already. Lobster, gumbos and bis. Think There's a lot of bis. It's mostly bis. It's for white people. And You know, they just, they You know gumbos for poor people and biscuits for like rich people. Absolutely. It's insider Info. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And usually the poor people shit is way better. Yeah. Yeah. Would you sneak some gumbo sometimes.


Would you thaws some out in a hot Mississippi Day? Fuck that guy. I would take, yeah, one time he made me scrape all this ice off some shit and I was so mad. So before I left I popped all the lids on this shit in the freezer and left before I quit. I can't tell if this is a character or the real guy. Oh, it's the real guy. Fuck that guy. It's the real guy. I hated that guy. Wow. Amazing. Where Was this During the one minute set. You should have talked about this. I feel like it's, it's, I couldn't even compell couldn't no seafood quick enough. It wouldn't have, it wouldn't all fit in a minute. I love it. So your one year anniversary with your girlfriends coming up, what is her first name?


Samantha. So what are you planning on getting Samantha for your one year anniversary? Don? Don't know. We're more of a trip couple. Like, we like to take like little weekend trips and stuff. Okay. So where do you, where are you thinking about taking her? Oh man. To the bedroom. As soon as I get home first Boo. Oh, My. goodness. Fucking. Do you have any special moves in the bedroom when you fucking forest hump? No, not really. I just You know. You know. You just eat it for a while. And then Is hers more of a bisk or a gumbo? The best bisk.


The best bis they got. That's amazing. Yeah. Best bisk on earth. You know. That's right. Definitely. Can You get some I just an elaboration on the, on the mic to the chin. Oh Shit. Sorry. Am I not Supposed to? No, it's just that maybe That's a It makes me more comfortable. Yeah. Keep it there. Yeah. I Don't want to put it back. No. Put it back. There. you go There you go. Keep it there. Keep it there for the rest of the Set. Say that's more confident. If You remove it, we're gonna fucking super glue it too. Last thing before I let you go. Craziest thing that you can think about that we would find intriguing about your entire life. My entire life. I mean, geez, we learned so much just from your seafood Job. Oh man.


Man, I've seen some wild shit. I, I grew up in a tattoo shop. My dad was a tattoo artist most of my life. He Passed away now? No, no, no. Oh, you talk about No, he's close to it. He's got like diabetes and shit. I bet he does. How do you think he got diabetes? What's his, what's his, Oh, sitting in a chair for 20 something years doing tattoos, eating pizza and wings every fucking day. Just red. Dan. He sweating over here. Nervous dude. Well, you got the money to sit down and not do shit. It's nice, man. That's fucking great. I love it. Any special skills or talents? I play a little guitar and stuff like that, but don don't wanna wait. You know.


When's The last time you played guitar? Probably at my, at the dude. I'm staying With's house before we left to come hang out. You played guitar today? Yes, sir. How long have you been playing guitar? Well, I I didn't start learning songs until I quit smoking weed for like a month. I thought I had like a, I thought I had like a mental block for a long time. I was like, I don't got no rhythm. And I stopped. And Then you realize Yeah. I was like, I'm just retarded. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Matt, what do you think? Should we let this guy fucking Well, I Think this is an amazing opportunity 'cause we have a brand new guest guitar. Oh, we do. We we have Fuck. yeah. Let's go tell Where do we get that guitar from again? This is a gift from our fan, Casey Butler.


Okay, where's it at? He's in Mississippi, I believe. Wait, ca what? How ironic. That's Wild. Yeah. and you been putting a fucking tear this thing up started In Mississippi and it's ending up No, not really. In the hands of a man from Mississippi. Is that still where you live? What the fuck? Put that mic on your chin. The hell you talking to Michael Gonzalez? Music info Man, we got a fucking You know. Oh really? Okay. Where's the fucking guitar? Jesus Christ. My God. Look at, can we fucking, it's A nice guitar. Can I talk about this thing for a second? Unbelievable. Yeah. Talk about the guitar. I've never done song that Expensive Before he this thing out, he put a KILL TONY pit guard up here at the top. Wow. The logo is there.


He put A bullet to toggle switch in this thing. Whoa. God. He put revolver volume and tone knobs on this thing. Yeah. The barrels of a gun. Yeah. It's, it's KILL TONY themed it all the way through it. It's less call it to the Yeah. Rick Gibson. It's bad as Fuck. yeah. I'm gonna make sure it's in tune before he plays. Oh, okay. Great. This is great. I got, I'm so glad we got this brand new KILL TONY guitar. In case of emergencies, somebody would, would've to play. Perfect. Time to tune It is live. Ladies and gentlemen live. That's, we're gonna find out which one's the more retarded guitar player tonight. Everybody, I think we know It's welcome to another episode of Mentally Guitard with Matt mulling and Duncan Stone Street.


This is absolutely incredible. I I I've to never played with other people before, so this is gonna be wild. It's ready to go. Never played with anybody. Captain Jokes is what Matt mulling just said. Alright. Can, can we get a better system of passing this guitar, perhaps? Yeah. We gotta figure some kind of system Out. We have seven producers standing around looking at how to teleport a physical object using the force. Here we go. Okay. Alright. No, this is perfect. The we'll hand it the bullet. Oh, we have the guest actually as the roadie right now. This is amazing. You'll need that.


A fucking $8,000 guitar isn't causing Oh, it's a bullet. There's bullets on the strap too. It's absolutely incredible. Just what is the fuck is going on. This is the goddamn Yeah. We haven't still no producers on stage. We haven't figured out a system for the fucking What a pile of shit our producers are today. I'm kidding. Don't gimme a fucking sad face. You goofballs. Oh, we, we fucked up. There's no a way you could have known All. You should. All right. Ladies need a pick. Ladies and gentlemen, Boss. Okay. Want Mayor? Wait, what does he want to pick?


Do you want pick? Oh, he brought his eyes. I brought my own pick. I used to carry this pick in my pocket while delivering gumbos and Brought my own brother. All right, let's see. Let's do it. Good Go.


Yeah. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen. Oh, Fucking God. Three chords and a shitty voice. I'm so glad he waited five minutes for that guitar to make it over to you. That was an absolutely incredible performance. This is one of the worst interviews I've ever handled in my life. I take the blame completely. No. None. Not you. You did great. I sh I should have fucking, I should have milked you and turned it into bisque You. know what I mean? Oh yeah, brother. I didn't said, oh, there's the lovely, see, this is what I'm talking about. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen, the lovely Heidi, everybody Wow.


And Duncan You. know what? Yes, sir. Even though you just talked about Lizzo for your 60 seconds. And I'd love to hear you talk more about you and about your life. I'm still gonna give you a big joke book. There he goes, Duncan Stone Street, Ladies and gentlemen. All right. We got another bucket pool, by the way. I was kidding around. How about a hand for the amazing producers here at KILL? TONY Yoni Christie, everybody. It's amazing. With the greatest team on planet Earth.


Good day y'all. This podcast is sponsored by Game time. You all know I'm a big fan of live events from music and comedy and small clubs all the way to theaters and the big arenas. I love it all. That's why I use Game time. Game time as a new feature called Game time Picks that makes getting tickets for concerts and events even easier. Game time picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats, so you don't have to waste your time searching through thousands of tickets. Red Man Tony. I love Game time. They make buying tickets so easy and affordable. I just found a super deal with Game. time picks for Weezer at the Moody Center. Ooh, that's gonna be fun. It's so easy to pick your seats, add 'em to your cart and check out. I personally love the seat views before you buy. Plus the lowest price guarantee. That is amazing Red Band. With Game time picks curation makes it easier to save more on sports, concert comedy and theater. Plus, they're all in pricing that shows the total upfront. With no surprise Visa Checkout Game time also has the best ticket coverage. Your purchase is covered with the most flexible customer service policy in the ticketing industry. So take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Game time. Download the Game time app. create an account use code KILLTONY for, for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. create an account redeem code KILLTONY for $20 off. That's why download Game time today. What time is it? Game time.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by HelloFresh. We all know Homecooked meals are so much better for you, but you don't always have time to pull it off. But with HelloFresh handling all the meal planning, shopping, and most of the prep, it's easier than ever to get dinner on the table. Quick and painless. No more endless recipe searching or spending money on a whole jar of spices for only a pinch. With HelloFresh, everything you need to make your delicious meals comes right to your door. Pre-portioned and fresh. Plus the included step-by-Step recipe cards. Make cooking simple. Red band Tony. I love HelloFresh. It makes cooking at home easy, healthy, and affordable. I made the honey butter barbecue chicken and it was delicious. It took virtually no time to make. Ooh honey buts. That's amazing. Red band For FREE breakfast for life. Go to HelloFresh dot com slash free. Tony one free breakfast item per box while subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for life just by going to HelloFresh dot com slash free. Tony HelloFresh America's number one meal kit.


Alright, Your next bucket Pool. I love one word names. This should be exciting. Make some noise for Jeremy Ladies. and gentlemen, Jeremy, Push up with call Mothership. Make the motherfucking noise if you make the motherfucking noise. So I can't wait to lose my virginity. Tell the toughest part about losing your Virginia is saving up all the money to pay for it.


And that's what's up. I'm a, I already know what flavor I'm gonna get too black. That's the freakiest flavor according to Siri. See Siri, who's Siri, who's got two thumbs and got a bad case of Jungle Fever, this guy. And that's what's up. I probably, Austin's got a lot of homeless people. She should just stay with your mom like me. It's way cheaper. Worst part about, worst part about, worst part about staying with your mom though is her fucking boyfriend. Jerry. I fucking one to kill this fucking guy.


I've legit thought of that here. Here's my impression of my mom's boyfriend Jerry. Fucking her. Oh, oh, I'm fucking gay. I'm, I'm gay. I'm gay, but I fucking, I fuck pussy and ask What's up? I know a lot of people, I know a lot of people I know a lot of people say, oh, you look like a guy that goes to the Paralympics. Just a heckle. The just a heckle, all that. I mean, it'd be like, oh, I should give you a sandy ation. You can't even Get up and gimme one. But no, it's all good.


Hey, there's so many handicap. How many ha how many handicap people you think there at the Paralympics? Every time I watch it, every time I watch the Paralympics, I was like, am I watching a episode of KILL TONY and what Top That's my time. Hard tip. Wow. Thank you so much, Jeremy. Thank you so much. Unbelievable. Thank you so Much. You're welcome. You're welcome. Jeremy, Jesus. Wow. Well written. I gotta tell ya this, this is your first time on the show, right, Jeremy? Oh, first time I'm doing stand moving. Stand up, man. Wow. That Has, I have, I talk a lot of shit on Xbox Live, but that's not, and I, and I feel like pretty funny.


But You know. It's one of those things where you just gotta fuck. I'm sorry, I'm super fucking nervous right now. I'm so fucking nervous. Is Joe Rogan here right now? No. No. He is not Here. Don't let him watch this. This is my first time. This is a, that has to be one of the best first time sets I've ever seen in my entire life on this show. Serious? Yeah. This is incredible. So don don't even know where to begin. Jeremy. Jeremy. Jeremy, how old are you? Let's start there. 'cause you are a deceptive figure. There's a lot going on there. You have a a, a face of a man. The hair of an older man yet it's acne.


See, I can take it. I can take it. There's A lot of acne. There's some snot out coming outta your nose. Braces. Braces. Yes. It's You could Red Man Braces. Fuck you Red man. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Wow. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Amazing. Unbelievable stuff. Are you a big Joel McHale fan? Is that who that is? Oh fucking shoot. What I fucking love. Yeah. So is Michael Gonzalez. Joel McHale. You ever watched Max Singer or He's on a show on Fox called Animal Control, where he is always trying to help out animals and stuff. I'm a big animal guy.


And there'll be like a raccoon coming in the raccoon's like, and control's like, I'll fucking, I'll fucking save you, man. I'll put you back with your family. And Yeah, but i's some of my favorites. Naked in a phrase is my favorite show 'cause Oh yeah, because fucking free tit free tits. Who loves free Tits? No, but it's, it's all good. I'm 38. Hey, that, that, Wow.


Jeremy, what have you been doing with your life up until this point? What's going on over there? Oh, I just got pulled something outta I found you feet. Oh, You pulled something outta Your other pocket. It's still a chip. Oh, it's A Q-tip. It's just a Q-tip. I just read. Well, I, my, I give all my personal blinds in the Fanny pack. We have a segment on this show. Anytime anybody wears a fanny pack, it's called What's in That Fan You. guys wanna play a game of what's in that fanny pack. And so I say the words, Jeremy, what's in that fanny pack? What if I was just like a fucking gun? There's not, there's not, there's not, there's not, there's not.


Would that be so fucking funny if I was like, fucking oops. Wrong night to come to the show. So it's a pretty standard, pre standard for any pack. Two pockets. I got some CBD rub on for, for your, for whatever Hertz got myself a little Nature's Bakery, fig Bar raspberry. Arguably the best flavor of Fig Bar. I got my Lucky five. I went to my first strip club two weeks ago in Austin. The velvet, was it the, The The roast, the the red rose red roast.


Holy shit. I mean, okay. I, they, I didn't get a dance, but I found a five and I was like, and let's just say it still smells like what? Whatever it was. Got some fluffs, got some weed, which I'm looking hopefully the smoke of You guys after the show. I've never smoked weed either. So I told myself I get pulled outta the bucket. I'm getting fucking high tonight and I'll get so high. And then my al are kick in so clear. Dan got some loose toes. I got some loose toes.


'cause 'cause you never know when you're gonna get fucking diarrhea, right? Red hands. Oh. And then I got, I went to Vegas about a month ago for my buddy's bachelor party and they already split up 'cause he fucking, we went to this donkey show and he didn't do anything with the donkey, but, but he was like, it just, it got it got wild. And he's, they're so they were splitting up. Yeah. Can have it. Something Fell. Something Fell. Oh, I don't got more hums, bitch. And then, so we stayed the Tropicana in Las Vegas, so. Oh shit. I thought I was about to get beat up by a blind guy. So that's it.


What's up dog Cheer. So that's it. That you are, that might be one of my favorite cases of what's in that fanny pack that I've ever seen. Joel McHale should host that I don. Wow. You really love Joel McHale? It's Pretty good. It's good actor. Amazing stuff. I thought The Yeah, wasn't the, I thought when you go into a strip club with cash and then you give it. I wasn't, I don't think it comes back this way. Jeremy, did you go? How did you Oh, I found it. I didn't, there's a girl. She got up from dancing. It fell out. Fucking find her keepers. Oh. I'm not gonna take a five belt wasn in a stripper Puy.


Okay. Okay. Jeremy, you're right, you're right. You talked about your mom's boyfriend. I fuck it. Hate this guy. His name's Jerry. So my folks split like when I was like 10. And thanks for bringing it up. And it was, I mean, it fucking sucked. It, it fucking sucks. I'm gonna be honest. It fucking sucked. But What's your relationship with Jerry like? It's, I, he just sucked. He's like, he's not even, he's not a good guy. He, he's always like, I'm gonna fuck you mom. And He says that to you? Yes. And I'm like, you can do it. You don't have to tell me you're gonna do it. Just do it. I know you're doing it. You're in my room while I'm sleeping, doing it.


I know you're doing it. Yeah. It's, but it's really, he's just not a good guy. How, how, but she's, she's picks losers and I fucking, and I always talk shit. And he always fucking, he gets physical with, he doesn't push me, but he's always does this shit though. Fucking, he always does that shit. And don don't know if you've ever been eating fucking your fucking cereal. And somebody's like, what's up? No, Never. Wait a second. Oh, I'm gonna, okay, stay with me. This no joke. I live in San Antonio. There's no joke happened two weeks ago. I wake up, I go downstairs, bro. Go downstairs. Right? I fucking take a shit. I go get some fucking fruit loops, favorite cereal, what's up? And I'm sitting down and I'm fucking playing with some Fruit loops and you fucking out here b blah blah, blah.


And I was like, fuck. And he come downstairs and he goes, what's up bitch? And I fucking spilled my fruit loops. And then I bent down to pick him up and he got down on the floor and goes, fucking he that shit off the floor. I was like, that's a little aggressive, Jerry. I'm just gonna go fucking back to my room. Room. He fucking ran around the hallway and met me on the other side of the bathroom. And I fucking right at the bottom of the staircase, I opened my eyes. 'cause I, I went scared. I closed my eyes when I run. And I get around the, I get around the corner and I open my eyes and I go, oh shit. And he goes, what's up? You think I was gonna fucking just disappear on you?


So I fucking hit him. And he, because I wanna rap. I wanna be a rapper. And he always tells me, Wait, What? Okay. So I go, can I, I never, and I haven't rapped live and I haven't. So I was like, You know. And he's like, you fucking, 'cause you fucking, oh, Fucking can't. You fucking can. Oh, Michael, you missed another one. Fucking oh, you Fucking can't. So he is always just so discouraging about me trying to do anything positive with my life. And so I, I hit him for that too. I'm like, I'm gonna rap. And one day I'm gonna rap. Most of my raps consist of like, You know I'm gonna fucking kill. I'm gonna kill Jerry. So I'm that You know. Wait, hit me real quick. You have a rap. Are you about to Ladies and gentlemen rapping, calling his own shots.


Jeremy Ladies and gentlemen, Yoni Yoni Yoni. I get into bed, put my fucking therapeutic pillow on my head. I'm going to sleep tight. I'm going to sleep right with my night light psych, I'm touching my dick To Your mom. Sweet dish. I'm gonna come in your ethereal, welcome to your happy Bill. This is how we throw, this is how we roll. Don't meet me in the streets. Arby's got the meets. If you see me naked, I'm gonna fuck you up. You better believe me. That's what's up.


Wow. Jeremy, me. That's What's up Jeremy. You're so in touch with the band and music. It really, it is incredible. I wouldn't have guessed that. Just he's gotta listen. Wow. He's gotta fall the beat. Tony. This Is, I I'm learning a lot from you here tonight, Jeremy. Yeah. I fucking hate, I hate him. I. don know. It's, I just want her to be happy. And he, he's, She's you, you have a phone on you. You have, you Have. Yeah. You guys locked it up though. Yeah, of course. You're a bucket pool. You're, you're a hazard. I mean, anything could happen here. This is a, this is a real show. Yeah. But you do have your the guy, your mom's boyfriend's phone number, right?


Oh, I have to have it in case of emergency's Out. Can we unlock, can we unlock Jeremy's phone? How many of you think we should call the guy that's fucking his mom? Huh? Oh, All right. Kind of a lackluster applause from the audience on that, even though, how about another hand for the lovely Heidi? Huh? Good. Thanks Heidi. Always got it. Oh fuck. It's don. Don't think it's just a good idea. Tony. So you're gonna put it on speaker phone after you hit it and then you're gonna put the Okay. Yeah. Or I could call 'em for real red band. Yeah. The phone doesn't ring when you call somebody red band. I've been meaning to tell you that for 11 and a half years, bud.


Okay. I talked to him in like a week. He's gonna be, all right. Here we go. All right. Ladies and gentlemen. There, you go Fucking piece of shit. What's up? Little ts Fuck you, Jerry. What's up? What do you want? I don't know. On the show. And then I should call you and say, what's up? Oh yeah. Well, I already said what's up. So what, what else? Do you have anything new to say? Just, I'm gonna fucking You better fucking watch where you sleep, bitch.


Yeah. Why? Why you think you're gonna be able to do something about it? Yeah. I'm gonna do something about it. Yeah. What are you, you gonna, you gonna go cry to your neighbor? Your little, the little 14-year-old neighbor you got? He's fucking, his name's Tanner. And he's fucking wise for his age. Yeah. He's wise to you. I'm sure He's fucking, he tar could fuck my mom better than you could, Dude. Oh, is that right? Is that right? Well, that's not what she said yesterday. That's not what you said last Week. Stop telling me that you fuck her Dude. I, well, I I have to. She's she has needs bud. I've been telling you that You're never, you'll never be my fucking dad.


Why do you keep calling me that? By the way? I am your dad. Your other dad doesn't, didn't want you. I barely want you, but at least I'm here, Man. Yeah. Well, that's your opinion. I got, I got 500 friends at the comedy mothership right now that would love to suck your, or that would love to, lemme take that again. That would love to fucking fuck you up, dude. You got the TV on background. I got the TV on. No, I'm outside. I got 500 friends. You don't have 500 friends, you'll never have 500 friends.


We all know that. Oh yeah. God, we all know that. You're so fucking shit, baby. Who That? Oh, your mom, your your mom's actually calling me in the other room right now. Fuck you, Jerry. I'm gonna kill You guys. Wow. Sorry I panicked. There he Is. Amazing. There, you go. The courage that it takes to call the man who's fucking your mother Yeah. On this show is incredible. It Is what it is. And that's what's up. Should Be nicer to him. It he gave you that whole outfit to wear. Yeah. He bear me these fucking Jordans. That was pretty sweet. I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell you what Jeremy, I'm, this has been, Sorry. It's A good turn. An incredible set, an incredible interview, honored To be on the show. This thanks for having me.


Motor sip You guys are fucking unbelievable. Dude. I've been watching this show for fucking, like six years. I live in San Antonio. I fucking love William. I fucking, I wrote, I thought I was gonna see Hans Kim tonight. I wrote a joke. If I saw him, I was gonna be like, Hans, if you're here, who's cutting me off in traffic without signaling, I was going, I had a whole fucking, and I fucking didn't get to see him. But I fucking love his show. And I just, well, I'm honored to be fucking, I'm honored to fucking meet you, Tony. I'm glad that you love the show and I'm glad that you're a fan because that probably means, that probably means that what's about to happen to you is going to be a life changing moment. Because Jeremy, I would like to award you a golden ticket.


Everybody Wow. And You know what else? And on. I've never done this before. Especially for somebody who it's their first time on the show. But You know what, Jeremy, why don't you come sit right here and join us for the rest of the show on panel. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Jeremy. Jeremy, Jeremy, let's join the show. Hey. Oh, a loose tubs. Here he comes.


Whoa, come here Jeremy. Welcome to the show. Amazing. It's a big day. Wow. What? Thank you for the lime. What? Thank you for the lime. For the lime. I caught It. Oh, it's a to Our fan base is so stupid. She thought it was a lime, an actual lime. She not a tum with a fucking fruit, don't He? Yeah. It's an absolutely incredible. Is a singular Is a singular Tums a tum? That's a great question. Yeah. I think more than two. Tums a Tums.


Oh, oh, wow. Call me An uber bad gift. How? How in the world? How in the world did Heidi know what Jeremy's drink is? That's How You know. How do You know? Well, I have a blog. WW dot Jeremy drinks this on mondays.com, so I bet Heidi subscribes Jeremy, we're gonna get back to this bucket with you. How about one more time for Jeremy Ladies and gentlemen. And we're here with JOHN CRIST and the panel debut of Jeremy, your next bucket pool. We're gonna meet 'em all together, Ladies and gentlemen. Make some noise for Chris the Oreo. Chris The Oreo.


All right, so, so growing up, I had a very weird senior prom and my date, she did not have a good night at all. Now to be fair, she wasn't the prettiest girl in the whole world. But man, her body still hasn't been found. Hope she's doing well. Speaking of bodies, I'm feeling kind of sad because I realized recently that we could have cut the obesity epidemic in this country in half if we had just put that transgender person on a can of Mountain Dew instead.


Listen, say what you want. But if we got red next to Boycott Mountain Dew, this whole country would be a CrossFit gym within six months. All right. And listen, I never got the whole Bud Light controversy. Okay. I just thought they were trying to promote safe drinking, right? Like, you go out with your boys, you drink your bud lights, you look down at the can, and as soon as Dylan Mulvaney looks fuckable, time to go home. Boys. Time to go home. Thank you so much. I'm Chris Diiorio. All right, Chris Diiorio pushing into the limit there. How's it going, Chris? How are you? Doing well, thank You sir. Are you first time on the show, right? Yes, sir. Absolutely. How long you been doing standup?


About Four years. Alright. How old are you? 42. 42, 2. What made you start at 38? That's how old Jeremy is? Yeah, he just started. I, yeah. Jeremy, you humbled me out there, man. That was great for, yeah, thanks brother. I started for a charity. I did a, I did a charity event and opened my competition for a charity event, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Shout out to them. Okay. And yeah, I got hooked ever since and been, been about four years now, so. Okay. I love it. Well, how do you make a living? I got laid off recently, so I make a living off my wife paying for me to do things like this. What Does your wife do? So She's in marketing. She's a marketing executive. So What did you do before you got laid off? I was in it sales. Okay. Yeah.


Well, you, what do you do for fun? Any hobbies or anything like that? Yeah, I got, I got a ton of stuff I like to do. I, I travel a lot. I'm bigger than a whiskey, big whiskey guy. Ooh. Yeah. Okay. Big bourbon guy. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of volunteering with charities. Wow. I do. Got a lot. and you work a Lot with charities? I do, yeah. What's your dark side? I found in my research that people that work a lot in charities tend to have like a You know, like Jerry Sandusky was huge into charities. Oh man. Yeah. I'm all fucked up. Yeah. I'm a military veteran too. I was an Air Force guy, so that's probably where it all started. Oh, nice. And then What, what did you do in the Air Force? So it's called disaster response.


Disaster preparedness. I joined right before nine 11. Oh, perfect Time. Yeah. Yeah. And then Shout out. Yeah. Thank you. I think Shout outs to nine 11. It's coming right around the corner. You have open wounds on your face, Jeremy, open sores. This is, this is absolutely incredible. Yeah. Covid really took a toll on everybody. Can I, I have a question. Yeah. Yes, Sir. So let's say I get a woman to come back to my apartment. What, what's, what do I do Now?


Now, now we're, now we're going to the super hypothetical here. We're talking things that may and probably will never happen, but theoretically you got probably, I'd probably drugger to be honest With you. No, what, what, give your Real, what else sort of advice do you have? Other than that? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. What do you give your actual advice? Like what, what would you, what do you do? What's your tricks to You know? How do you Foreplay? Right. How do you please your wife? Yeah. I'm, I'm funny, fortunately. So that's about all it takes. And she's got a great sense of humor, But you can't, you can't come inside her with punchlines, You know what I'm saying? Like I'm saying like, what do I do? Do I, do I start with my fingers or my fucking head? Like what do I do? I, I'd start with your personality. Okay. That's, yeah.


Yeah. Start with personality and then Physically though, like, what do I physically You? know what I'm saying? Yeah. What do you physically do? Yeah, Lower back. You start with the lower back. That's, yeah, the lower back is like, it's like the man's stomach. That's the key to a woman's Like push on it or what? Yeah, just Gently. Yeah, gently push on it. Well push her, yeah. Push her a little bit towards the bedroom. Oh, okay. So stand, right? Yeah. Yeah. Kind of gently just she'll figure it out. What you're trying to do real quick, You know, just kind of, Do I have to say something like, What's going on here? Hey, hey, is, Aren't you getting sleepy or something? You know. Feel like it's about time to go watch some Hulu, wouldn't you say? And then just fucking push her or what? I start with like a Where were you on nine 11 as you're kind of pushing your Okay.


Towards the bedroom. So dirty talk. Yeah. Yeah. Chris DeOrio. What's the most interesting thing about you? Let's see. In addition to being a veteran, I'm a, I'm a certified firefighter and the Scottish Lord. So you're Theoretically Yep. Here as you've been in the service. Yes sir. You're a volunteer firefighter? Yes sir. You do a bunch of work with charities? Yes sir. So where are the bodies hidden? Yik Near my high school. Near my old high school. Actually a lot of them. So, no, I'm just kidding. I'm actually, I'm a nice guy. Okay. What's the meanest thing you've ever done to somebody? Holy shit. He's like killed a guy. A lot of Remember, Hey, that that may not be mean depending on the person though, right?


Theoretically. Yeah. You have real charity energies. I mean, it's like, it's like I can tell that you're used to making people laugh that aren't used to laughing. Yeah. Yeah. Like you, because the people here are used to laughing and it's kind of like They're really good at it. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, totally. You look, you look like you come in your socks and then you wear 'em. Well when you're, Takes one to no one good traction. And that's what the, I'm bringing that back too. Chris d Do we figure out?


Yes sir. Yeah, We figure out. Gonna Say John. Well, I just, when he, when he does like s's and P's with it, it just, I get spit on my Yeah, it, it just kind of gets right here. Yeah, same. I'm good with it. Sorry. I'll turn, I'll turn this way. You have the, you have A good, you're in the splash zone bitch. You chose to come to this show. Sorry. I'll try, I'll try to, sorry John. Yes. It's That one. Well, it's, well you, well maybe I'm good with it. I'm good. Maybe change your last name. Christ. That's really tough for me to fucking say. Maybe it could have been John Connor from Terminator. Is that the Terminator soundtrack? Wow.


Sorry. I'm really sorry though. Yeah, Don't say sorry though 'cause that Okay. I apologize. Would would catch on, Catch on me. You, Chris? Yes sir. Weirdest thing in your refrigerator right now. Ooh. Probably some of those probiotic little funnels. You have a bit, you have a big, but they're expired on you. You have, you have a big belly. What do you I do. What do you attribute? How do you have that? Yeah, that's, so the, the way I got the Scottish Lordship was I, I drank enough whiskey to buy a square foot of land in Scotland.


You bought a square foot of land With points from drinking whiskey and they made me a Lord like the old Scottish Way You know when you drink your way to the top. So that's probably where this came from. Also, my wife and I we're hoping to have a kid soon. So this is like a pre sympathy belly. You're about to have a kid. We're no, we're hoping to. I Have you been coming inside of her? Yeah. Yeah. When I can. How long have you been? How many times have you done that? So Fucking awesome. How many attempts You gotta try sometime, bros. How many? So fucking, how many times have you had to guess? Give or take. Honest answer here. How many times you've come inside of your wife trying to have a child and she hasn't gotten pregnant yet.


How many times have you tried? Probably about 20. That's it? Yeah, we got, we got married. Kinda of restate. We weren't trying for a kids until we got married. We got married on April Fool's Day. On April Fool's Day? Yes sir. You got married? Yes Sir. 20 times. Since April 1st. Well, I try and have a baby. Yeah, I travel a lot and she does too. Okay. This year, this April. Yes sir. You have any names picked out for the baby? Yeah. Chris or Christine probably. Wow. Big giant egomaniac. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Alright Chris, here's a little joke book. Tony. Thank you so much. Congratulations. Great job, dude.


The KILL TONY debut of Chris. Thank you Diiorio, everybody. And Yoni, here's a tone for the road. Thank you. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. I could tell he's gonna need that great job. He's gonna want that You. know what? Let's get another one of our regulars up here. Ladies and gentlemen. This guy a fucking sensation. Everybody loves him. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the unstoppable Cam Patterson, everybody. So writing this minute, what kind of hard and don don't really got nothing, but I got I.


don got too much right now, but I got something in my notes that I'm trying to figure out. So maybe I can help me. I just put, you gotta really be gay to like men. 'cause women got assholes too. I don't know why I'm going with that yet. But it's pretty fucking funny though, because like you just wanting to go to hell. That's on you brother. They got the same asshole. You could have closed, you could blindfold a gay nigga and show him two different assholes. He wouldn't know the difference. There'd be no way. It's like I was in, when I was in, when I, when I, I first fucked a girl when I was 17 and she told me to fuck in her ass. And I said, no, that's gay.


Right. And I went to work the next day and all my coworkers was like, why you ain't do it, nigga, when you get older you going You. know what I'm saying? You know that's not gay. And I was like, you get older, you just become gay. That's crazy. Right? That's pretty fucking say. I don't understand don don't understand that. I will tell you this though. I'm pretty, I like lesbians. Lesbians is cool. Lesbians is pretty cool because like, what's better than one piss two You? know what I'm saying? That's fine. That'll work nigga. I'm done. All right. Hell Yeah. Amazing. That'll work. Comes out, says he doesn't have it and then has it? Not really. I I had the beginning of something. Everything else was just bullshit, but it's all right. That's great. We Figured it out. No. Yeah, it's great. It worked. Fucking worked. Hell yeah.


Cam the man, Jeremy, you seen Cam before. You're a big fan. I can tell you can't even make eye contact with him right now. Oh Yeah. You're so fucking funny, dude. Fuck, nigga. What do exactly? Hell yeah. Yeah. I wanna say all that right back to you. But I can't do it. But, and it doesn't have any s's in it either, so it's double. It sucks. I really wanted to say it that word. So, but you're so fucking funny, dude. The two, the two butt hole thing. I've actually thought about that too. Not, but I never thought about as a joke, but as a show and what, because I'm always, I have, I always make up shows that Joe McHale could host and whose butt hole is that? Is a Who? Who is, who is Joe? Remember when you said what the Joe McHale You know what that is?


What He, what'd he do? That's disrespectful. How many white bro the fuck he do? What did, okay, let's do soup, animal control. Mad singer fucking community. The soup. The soup. Fuck. Soup. The soup. Yeah. For the What? The soup. Why what? Hold on. What? Where'd she go? Where'd that girl go? Oh, she went to go take it. Stay with me. Shit. Shit. That's funny. I like that. That good dude. Hey came, If you're here, who's gonna sell me shoe shine cleaner at the mall later? Can I tell you some funny shit on me? I almost, I I I would beef with them niggas for a long time. The mall?


Yeah. I almost shot in one of them right when I was like, because like one time they tried to clean my slides and I was just not having a good day. And I was like, fuck, nigga. I got slides on. And so I had walked away because I just wasn't having a good time. And I walked away and I was with my sisters and shit and I had just got a pistol for the first time, so I ready to shoot a nigga regardless. Yeah. Wow. So we in the mall, I got a tank top on happen. I'm having a, a bad day. My sisters buy shit from tomorrow. I ain't buy nothing You know what I'm saying? So I walked back by the shoe cleaner nigga, and he go, fuck nigga, you ain't even buy shit. Broke ass nigga. And I was like, fuck, nigga, I kill you. And I, And Then I left them off. Was it, what's his name? Jerry, by chance? Yeah. We can kill that nigga Jerry though. I would love to kill it. We can murder that nigga.


Hell Yeah. He carries a gun in his fanny pack. No way he does. Okay, Tom. It's a tom. It's a tom Gun. It's a tom. It's a big difference. It's a tom, it's a gun for your digestive system. You almost shot a shoe shiner before? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. That was a yeah, that was a low, low moment in my life. Yeah, He was black, right? No. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Oh, He was a white shoe shiner. Nah, he was black, but Hey Dash. What up? I didn't wanna perpetuate black on black crime on TV though. That's what I didn't wanna do. So I, I tried to tell you a lie, but he was black. He was black as hell. I love it. Damn. Pretty fucked up. Damn. What else is going on in your world?


Anything else? Crazy. Mm, Man. I had cut my dick fucking the other day with my bracelet. Oh My God that Happen? That can, that's that possibility. Yeah. Oh yeah. It ha it could happen. Yeah. Why, how did you, why, why Did you So so I spin on my hand and then I went to like You, know what I'm saying? To go fuck. And then this shit just, it just cut my dick and I was bleeding and shit. Where Got the pussy's supposed to be wet? I mean, it supposed to be wet. Yeah, but you, You have to use your hand too little bit of Lubricant and shit. One of them little extra. Jeremy This Like A lot of work that before you spit on it. Hmm. Oh, I thought that I ain't talking to you. Yeah. Jeremy only spits on it.


She started a podcast by the way. Harry Cam, you did it again. We absolutely love you. You're the best. How long can this play get for Cam Patterson? Huh? There. you go Jeremy, sit down. Sit down. You don't have to do that. I was that the first You do love the first time? Yeah. Was that your first time ever being CK Patterson Live being called the N word? Is that Oh yeah. Well Jerry calls me it before I go to bed sometimes, but by a real black guy. Yeah. Like that was fucking Very cool.


Well, well, well there you are. You might wanna know that this podcast is sponsored by Squarespace, the All-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place. All on your terms. Red Band Tony Loves Squarespace. It's the best website designer out there. Choose from professionally curated layout and styling options to build a unique online presence from the ground up, tailored to your brand or business. And optimize for every device. You can start a completely personalized website with the new guided design system, Squarespace Blueprint. Easily launch your website and get discovered fast with integrated optimize SEO tools so you show up more often to more people and grow the way you want. Grow the way you want. That's right. Red band kickstart or update written content on any website, product description, or email with Squarespace AI generating instant personalized results that know and show your brand identity. Explain what your site is about. Choose your tone and enter what you need to get short or long form text no matter the placement. Squarespace AI makes it easier to go live, stand out and succeed online. Make checkout seamless for your customers with simple but powerful payment tools. Accept credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay. And in eligible countries, offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with after pay and clear pay. So head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash kone to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Good day y'all. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter You. know a service is solid when it gets great word of mouth. That's why I wanted to let You know what people are saying about our sponsors. ZipRecruiter, the marketing manager of Next Key said the number one reason why we love ZipRecruiter is because it's so fast and easy and the CEO of Walls need love said I posted a job on ZipRecruiter and found my lead graphic designer within just a few days. The takeaway, if you are hiring ZipRecruiter excels at finding qualified candidates fast err Red Band Tony. I love ZipRecruiter. It makes hiring for your business so easy. No wonder all these successful businesses use it to hire. And Right now you can Try it. FOR FREE at ziprecruiter.com/koni. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology identifies top talent for your roles quickly and immediately after you post your job, it starts showing you qualified people for it. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See. why ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two Try it FOR FREE at this exclusive web address. ziprecruiter.com/ KILL. TONY. That's ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


We got another bucket. Bullet. It's another one name. One word name just like you Jeremy. It's like a theme tonight. 50% of our bucket pools have been one word. Names Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Benjamin. Everybody here comes Benjamin. All right, thank you everyone. My name is Benjamin and I have a very weird vacation activity. I like to get in the cards with strangers. Hitchhiking. I know You guys are looking at me. I'm thinking the same thing. I wouldn't pick me up either, but if hitchhike all over the world and I've seen some strange shit like in Mongolia I got in a car, there was no floor, just two wooden planks.


Heidi's design your car based off of the Flintstones. I would just think of the whole time we're Yaba dabba screwed. I have to think about that one. One thing I did enjoy about it, good cab workout. I also, I, So I also, I also speak another language. I speak Chinese. A lot of people look at me, they're like, you're American. How does that work? I only thought you spoke freedom, but I do speak Chinese very difficult language. Like for example, take these two words and sounds the same.


Very different. One of them is Face Max, the other one is blowjob. I was very confused at that Chinese spa. Yeah, they asked if I wanted a face mask. I pulled my pants down. No happy ending. There you go. Thank you Benjamin. Benjamin. Benjamin. Wow. Hello Benjamin. Hey, what's Going on Tony? How's it going? What is going on? That's a great question. So let's talk about it. How long have you been doing standup Benjamin? About three years. Three Years. Where? At Lithuania. Wow. How long have you been doing it in America? One day.


One day. So you must be funnier in Lithuanian. Oh Yeah. Much Funnier. Do You know how to You know how to How? How does it do a joke in Lithuanian? That's Good. Was that Yaba dba Do Do Tour? Exactly. Exactly. Wow. Incredible. You left a long pause after the Flintstones joke while people were laughing at how unbelievably stupid the joke was. Oh Yeah. Oh I disagree. You loved it. I thought that was the best joke.


Ya deba don't not do that joke anymore. Thank you. Keep doing it. Thank you. Y Deba don't not do that joke anymore. Yeah, I was trying to figure out how to tell him to keep doing it while also having some fun with that work. Are you, are you, Did you, did you think about perhaps saying ya but Abba do keep doing that joke? Not until just now. Tony. Hey go. Are you a Flintstone fan? Oh, love the Flintstones. Who? Your Okay. Little Flintstone trivia. Ooh Ladies and gentlemen, this is Flintstone's Trivia. Here we Go. I'm probably gonna fail at this. Well, what's up guys? My name's Jeremy.


Welcome back to Do You. know the Flintstones. I'm Here with Roddy Divos and, sorry, I already forgot. What was your first name again? Benjamin. Benjamin. Is he Lithuanian? But he's Yugo Lian? No, Bonnie Diba says Yugoslavian. He Knows. Oh Yeah. No, they, they asked me if I was Lithuanian. I was like, no. Right. Let's just get, okay. You ready to play? What? You know Flintstones. Okay fell This who? Who is married to Wilma? Fred. Lucky guest. What does Fred scream? Every time he gets his fruity pebble snowing. Oh fuck. If you lose cam's gonna come out here and shoot you.


All right, shoot me. No. So have you seen Fruity Pebbles commercials? I've seen the Fruity Pebbles commercial. There you go, He's like red lime, yellow, orange, lemon, lime and lead. And to get to Fruity Pebbles, I got trick Fred. Who trying to trick Fred? Oh wait, Barney Barney's trying to trick Fred. He got it right. Give it up for him. He got it right. Last one. You're two. Two. Last one. What is the name of the bird that dug the, that Dugs? The dishes, the bird. What is the name of the bird? You guys seen Flintstones. So You know when they open the ditch watcher and it's a bucking bird and he is like, oh now I gotta do the dick again. Who the fuck is that guy?


Is it the pterodactyl? don don't know what's name. Yeah, but what the fucking name Washing man? Who? The washing bird. The fuck if I know Hit Hit me with a, with a buzzer. Red man There. you go, that's a red van with a buzzer. Here you go. Not even on. This is gonna be worth it. Sound effect board. This is gonna be worth it. Here it goes. There you go. Yep. Here it's, that'll have to do fucking wrong bitch. His name is Allen. Should known that. I'm sure he made that shit up. Thanks For playing. Hey, Thank you. Alright, here you go. Here's a little joke book. There he goes. Ladies and gentlemen.


Benjamin, I'm gonna keep this fun train moving along Really good. Sure. Here you go. Here You. know what? Get back up there for a second. I have a couple more questions for you. What do you do for a living? I actually, so I teach English and I actually run a comedy club in Lithuania. You run a comedy club in Lithuania? Yeah. Where? Wait, how long have you been in Lithuania? Three years. How did you end up there? I'm a yes man. Someone asked me if I wanna live there and I said alright. Someone asked you if you wanted to live in Lithuania. Who's the someone? A good friend of mine.


It's a very long story. So I was doing my master's degree in China and one of my best friends was Lithuanian there and he said, why don't you come to Litan Lithuania? I'm like, alright. Didn't do any research. So how'd it go? What's Litan? I thought You said it was a long story. Yeah, I was Making it short for you. Oh, All right. What's Lithuanian like? Tell us what's different about Lithuania in America? Well, Lithuanian is a very interesting country. It's like this duality, like actually it recently came out. It's the top happiest country in the world for people 30 and below. And also number one in the EU for suicide. People that don't go to your comedy club. Oh no. And it's wait, number one for Suicide. Suicide in the EU There.


I should have waited. Yeah, Those are the people that go to your comedy club. There, you go see. Hey, it's Amazing. I've been trying to reduce the, the numbers of suicide there through murder. Oh, I have a question. Do You, Who is the like, who's like the fucking dang cook of Lithuania? Like who's your fucking, I'm Pretty sure Who's your, I'm pretty sure you're looking at him Jeremy. It's just me and three other people. That's it. Total comedians. Oh no. Lithuanian comedians. There's like them but there's like Ole Shari would be the day Ole Sri Sharia. What? What? And he's like the best. I would say he's one of the best. That's Awesome. Is there like a secret show there?


Like red band has What? Have any special skills or talents or hobbies or anything? Me? Yeah. Yes. That's you. You're the one that's up there. Yeah. Oh, I gotta make sure. I was like, There he goes. Everybody there goes Benjamin. We're gonna keep it moving along. Me, me. That's a first in the show's history. I do. Believe me. He said he goes me. How about a hand for Heidi? Everybody. I, I think I need that tonight. Alright, your next comedian. We know this guy. He works here at the mothership, A very solid local comedian. Make some noise for Adam.


Lucky everybody. It's been a long time since he's been on this show. Here's the new minute from Adam. Lucky I've been doing some fucking pretty great a alpha fucker. I do lay it down pretty good for a guy with resting. I will fall you home face. I fucking will ladies take that to the grave, which will be tonight if you play your cards right. I very generous lover I don. A lot of people tell me, 'cause a lot of times when I have sex with a woman, I'll let her live. And I think that's a pretty badass I don like dirty. I never understood the concept of talking during sex. 'cause a lot of times when you have sex with a woman and and you talk, it'll wake her up and then it's just like, boo gross.


Mad about that. don don't know. I guess no means no. I'm all about that. But if they can't say no, Kobe, am I right? Good. It's fine. You can make jokes about Kobe. He wasn't as perfect as everyone thought I was. Real trick parent. Real helicopter dad. That's what I am. It's fine. It's you're allowed to do it. He's black. Okay. Fuck? yeah. Is that not event? Oh, there. It's alright. Hell yeah. Okay. Adam. Lucky. Welcome back Adam. What's up Tony? Good to you. It's been a, a long time since you've been on this show. You've been on many times. Balkan here everywhere, right? Yeah. I think four years ago was the last time I had just moved to Austin when I did it.


Okay. Yeah, sounds about right. How's life been going for you? Tell us about It's Been great. I'm working here. My wife ended up getting a job, being manager of the creek in the cave. So that's a pretty badass too. Nice. Yeah. Okay. And we have a daughter and she's doing good. So How old's your daughter? She's Five. Five. Incredible. So you're a father even though you look like a grandmother. I, I thought I looked like a Adam Ray character. Who's that Ray guy? It might be me. Maybe it's me. Yeah, If you were him, that'd be fucking wild dude. That'd be fucking, It actually is You know how long he had up be in hair and makeup to look like you Adam. Like That's exactly, that's exactly what I was thinking.


I'm just kidding. This is Adam Ray. It's, it's share. You're, we'll edit this out. So what is your, what is your favorite joke of yours? Because I really like your opener was great, came out with good energy. You, you're super likable. I have this one joke where I just, I name off every word that rhymes with trigger and I really think that's pretty badass. Whoa. Okay, let's hear That. Let's go with it. Adam, what? How does that go? I can't, I can't remember it. I haven't done it in a long time, so. Oh, I forgot. I forgot the punchline to it. My bad. Okay. You ever seen the Flintstones? No Chair. I mean, can Flintstones, everybody here, all the Things that rhyme would trigger that could be a a Joel McHale show.


Ooh. Ooh, My. goodness. Should we call Joe McHale? Oh wow. Oh, here we go. Adam is your 5-year-old smart, I guess. I mean, she's a kid. She's kind of a dynamic talking sometimes. Yeah, she talks. Yeah. Shut the Fuck up on me. What's she talking about? Nonsense. She spends 40 minutes telling me that she likes Bluey, so that's pretty cool. I Like that. What's bluey? It's a show that like kids and like retarded adults watch. Okay. Do you watch it All? I fucking love it. It's the best. What it about? It's just like deep storytelling. It's like really kind of like You know. It's kind of hard to understand. How about when you're getting away from the lady and the kid?


What do you like to do other than standup comedy? Any, anything else? Well, up until recently I was doing a lot of drugs and booze, but I've cut back on that lately. So What drugs? Cocaine, a lot of that. When did you stop doing cocaine? Or how often do you still do it if you do? I stopped doing it I'd say like two months now. Oh, Okay. Yeah. And how often were you doing it before? Two months ago? I'd say like a double Hans gym amount. Well, Hans. Hans. Yeah. So what, how, if you had to guess ballpark it, Don don't know. I was doing it probably like five times a week. Wow. Yeah. Damn. Off of a young comedian salary. I mean, yeah. Well, You know my wife wasn't stoked about that part, I'll be honest.


Right, I See that. What's the craziest thing you've done on a night of drinking and cocaine? I'm boring as hell. I just go home and jack off for seven hours. That's wow, Dude. That's really my favorite Thing to do. Fuck. yeah. What Is, it's Badass. What is jerking off on Coke? Like, because I've, I've been, I've been my nuts. What, what is it? Jerking off on Coke, like Oh, it's awesome. I finished PornHub like six weeks ago. I'm done. You shot every video? Yeah, I finished it. It's incredible. I got an achievement like on Xbox. It's badass. Seven hours of jerking off. It's, well, it works. It's like, Is that how long it takes for you to come? Well, no, it's just you, it's so much fun on cocaine.


You don't want it to stop, especially, You just keep coming. No, no, I hold it up until like one major bust. Wow. Yeah. That's incredible. Jesus Christ. Do you have neighbors? Not anymore. They moved, they got tired of the howling. I Incredible. I've jerked off on diet Coke before. That's fucking pretty cool On Diet Coke. Yeah. I had like six diet Cokes before I went to bed and then fucking shaved it up for one big bus. Unbelievable. Craziest porn you've ever seen. What are you, that's like the weirdest shit that you got into.


You ever get into a weird phase with it? I Mean, like, not into it because I'm not fucking gay or anything, but I watched two dudes fuck each other in the ass at the same time. That was probably the craziest thing I ever saw. Oh wow. Two dicks inside of each other. It's a lot of bending and flexing. It's impressive as hell. That's where I normally start. That's base. That's just how I get hard. Okay. Yeah, that's pretty wild. That's about as gay as it gets. You said right before you said that you watched two dudes fuck a man in the ass at the same time you said it's like not gay. I wanted to make sure, I wanted to see if I was gay or not, so I just tried everything. So I'm still, I haven't fucked a black guy yet, so that's the only thing I gotta try.


Then I'll know then I'll know if I'm gay. Well, well we, we got Good news for you. Deep madness. We have a beautiful woman who wants you to fuck her in the ass up here. Nice, nice long hair. My my pussy's in the back though. So That's gonna be the name of your next special. My pussy's in the back. Unbelievable. Adam, if you two months off the hard stuff, if you had to give some advice out there to someone perhaps trying to get off of hard drugs, perhaps they live in the middle of nowhere, star Mississippi or something like that. What would your advice be? I don't know. If you got nothing going on, I would just say keep doing it.


They give us a There. you go. This is, I have like a Family and I'm trying to like get better at comedy, so I stopped for that. But yeah, if I live I had nothing going on, I'd done that until I died. I think that's a good call also. Well you're, You're super fucking funny man. So don't fucking die Well, Can't promise anything, but I'll do my best. All right. Well fucking die then. Adam, I'd love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. I'd love to thank you very. And it's been four years. I don't think we were even giving out joke books back then. So take one of those Ma and Jams made by the Great Bone's Eye who also made me this sweet fucking crazy ass vest diabolical vest. There. you go. Alright, back to the bucket we go, Ladies and gentlemen, 60 seconds uninterrupted going to your next comedian who goes by the name of Noah Daat.


Noah Daat. Make some noise for Noah. Everybody. This is my joke book. I lost it recently and a homeless man picked it up. He, he read it and he made notes in it and I saw him later and he was just like here. And first thing he wrote to me is, it's okay to be white. Which I don't think he's been to Florida and definitely not Florida prison.


I remember my first day in Florida prison, they were like, Hey man, you gotta stick with your race. And I looked around and I was like, You know my only tattoo is a star David. And I was like, don don't know these people. Have they all have swastika tattoos? I don't know who I'm supposed to hang out with, but yeah, I mean, realistically I, I prefer to hang out with my black friends, so I just spend a lot of time alone.


Okay. I'm guessing that's the end. Pulled back, looked at me, Noah Desat. Shockingly not the worst set of the night. Welcome Noah. What's going on bud? Step up to that microphone. Oh yes man. I feel like you have no fucking idea where you are right now. What's going on buddy? How are you man? Hey Tony. Hello. Nice to see you. Yeah, good to see you. What have you been doing your whole life Man? Just getting into all types of shit. Okay, let's talk about it. How long have you been doing standup? Get into It. I, I Haven't This is your first time ever? It was the first time I prepared. Okay. That was the prepared set?


Yeah. Or did you Yeah. Yeah, that was prepared. Okay. I would love to see you go off the cuff right now. Grab the microphone and hold it in front of your face that you don't have to do that. That's on the chin. Completely insane. Lean in thing that you were about to make a habit out of. Wow. You know it's crazy when I get an applause break from Red band. We've been doing this a long time together. It was crazy what you were doing. You don't even know that though. 'cause you don't know shit. I have no Yeah, yeah. Fuck. yeah dude, I don't fucking know dude. Alright. No, what's, what fucking Delta eight shop do you work at? Exactly? What do you do for work?


I really just wanted to work the door, honestly. Where Here? No, I don't even do the hiring or the firing here. I have no control whatsoever. But 0% chance that's happening. That's not how it works. Literally, some of the funniest humans in the world work here and Well, yeah. Okay. Words. Sure. Yeah words. Those were words. So Noah, what, what do you do for work now? I'm trying to figure that out. You're trying to figure out what you do for work now. Hold on Jeremy. I I really need to just interview this guy for a second. Yeah, for sure's. Get into, it's just stick with Noah just for a sec. Hold on. Those thoughts though, I don't wanna don don't want cock block you Jeremy, but I gotta fucking there.


There's a lot of work to be done here. This is a fucking er And this guy's just split wide open. So when you say you're trying to figure out what do you do? You don't have a job is what you're saying? Yeah. Well, Oh good lord. This is incredible. A lot, bro. I didn't have, I did not have a dollar in my pocket for five months. Okay. Yeah. Okay. How, why? How No, don't put the five away. No. Jeremy put that five away.


How did you end up broke? Noah? I've been struggling with interviews tonight and then I come across this gold mine. I just feel like we're about to get in the zone right now. Noah. Not you. Me, I'm A I'm a artist. It's, I'm a, I'm a artist. What kind of artist? An artist. So I'll do like graffiti. Okay. And I just like So the money in your life that you have made, how did you do that At times? I hit licks. You hit licks? Yeah. What does that mean exactly to you? Like, like middleman. Like exports. Like what? You know West coast to East coast for marijuana.


You okay. Yeah. So I was very close with my Delta eight prediction. You do you trans, you have been part of transporting marijuana coast to coast? Yeah. Okay. Did you drive it? I feel like you don't have a license. Do you have a driver's license? Just shipping. Yeah I do. Yeah. You do. Do you use it? Do you have a car? I don't have a car. No, you don't have a car, right? You almost looked at me like Look out. Of course I do. But you don't. Okay, let's talk about it now we're gonna Be interviewed for this Netflix documentary. A hundred Percent dude. Noah, how old are you? 41. 41 years old. Here you are. I love this. I love having all different shapes and sizes of people on.


People get mad when somebody doesn't have a great set and I continue the interview, but I think there's something behind those fucking eyes. Noah. I see it. I see it. There's something there. It's not funny yet, but there's something there. What makes you in a million years wanna work the door at a place like This? Oh, I'm just, yeah, just my life's just a pretty chaotic You know. Tell Us about it. Tell what's the chaos in your life? Oh man. Just give us a couple examples here. Fighting, You get into fights or there's fighting in your life. Yeah, I've gotten into a lot of fights. Okay. Yeah. When, when's the last fight you got into?


I've been like just today. Yeah. Okay. Tell us about today's fight. Oh shit. Shit. Jeremy on. Oh Shit. Tell us about today's fight. Oh yeah. No, just somebody that he said he wanted Spar You know. And then, wait, Hold on. Yeah. Where are you? Paint the picture a little bit, Noah. I'm down at the springs. I'm down at the Barton Springs. Okay, so you're, you're halfway in the river. You're in the river, you're I'm by the river. Yeah, by the river. Yeah. Right. And this guy comes outta nowhere and he goes, I wanna spar. No, it's, it's been the last few days I've just been like kind of like helping people train I guess up there or like Yeah, yeah. Tony.


What? So yeah, See you. How does that, So hold on. So if I went to Spar you'd be like, cool, meet me by the river and then we just start fucking shadow boxing. Do you as, hold on guys, hold on a second. This is absolute insanity and I'm, it's, this interview is just beginning. That was like the part of Jumanji when the monkeys come out. Okay. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Okay, so let me get this right. You hang out by the river. Alright. Alright. Stop, stop, stop.


Put the game away. All, all right. Sonno, you hang out by the river. That's kind of, oh, first of all, how did you end up in Austin? How did, what made you come here? What made you come to Austin, Texas. So I was living in Houston with a mother of my daughter and she decided to come live in a housing project out here 'cause it was free and You know sh I came and I wanted to be close to my daughter. Right? Yeah. How old's your daughter? She's eight. Eight years old. Very good. There's a lot of, there's a lot of kids being raised by drug addicts around here.


For those of you, the last comedian is a 4-year-old, two months off of blow. What are your drugs that you do to KILL? TONY babies. Yeah, these are the KILL, TONY babies. Ladies and gentlemen. So real education system here. We're gonna leave them all with Jeremy at the daycare center here soon. And Nash, what's up? Okay. It's hilarious. So You remind me of my camp counselor. Okay, hold on a second. I'm still working here. I need to get information out of Noah.


So what drugs have you done? What do you, what do you like? Mostly just marijuana but some psychedelics just for the medicinal. Okay. Just for the medicinal benefits. Seems like they're working pretty well, Like consciousness benefits. Yeah. What's the, what's the biggest breakthrough that you've had consciousness wise on a psychedelic drug? You ever have a real moment Honey bear bong. Well I took mushrooms recently and I felt that it simultaneously brought me closer to myself and removed me from what I was. So that was pretty fantastic. Amen.


Okay. Yeah. The lady that thinks that tum was a lime is agreeing with you right now in the an audible ya from the exact spot that that lady was in. What are the odds? Okay. You Know she goes to bars and she's like, yeah, can you put a tum in my vodka soda? Alright. That sounded funnier in my head. Son Noah. Yes sir. You have an 8-year-old. What does your baby mama do for a living? She's in graduate school to be a therapist at Oh, That's point's amazing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And who watches the kid when she's at school? I don't live with her.


Right. Yeah. There. Which leads me to my question, who takes care of the, of your child while your baby mama is at school? It's your 8-year-old. The question that we're talking your 8-year-old daughter, am I correct? It's a daughter. Yeah. A variety of people. She's very popular. Her, Her, her Mimi, Her grandma. Yeah, I'm her Mimi. On both sides. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Very good. Various family members. Is she Latina? Your baby mama? She's not. She's Not? No. She a regular white girl. She's pretty regular. She's off white. She's Greek so she's like Yeah, Off, off white. Different shade. When you don't think about the answer, you're kind of funny.


Yeah. If you try to like not think if you just go with your initial, let's try that starting now in this interview. Okay. Try to like not be embarrassed or think of what's cool. Let's just go with your gut there. 'cause off white, that's kind of all right. Yeah, that's what I always say. That's a bumper sticker. Make it, yeah. Straight to print. Thank you. Yoni. Okay, so Noah, your next question without thinking of the answer. Okay, here we go. What's your love life like now? I'm addicted. Addicted to sex. Addicted to sluts. Yeah. Addicted to sluts. Yeah. So take us through. I love this by the way. I'm right about you.


When you don't think about it, fucking amazing. So tell us, what's your addiction like? How does it work? Is it a daily thing or is it, does it a lot happen by the river? Are you like, what's up babe? Well, like I like to like, I'm, I always just tell people like, what up Pimp You know. You tell You say that to a girl. Yeah, I say that to people even though I don't want to. You say that To girls? No dude. Dudes You know what I mean? Right. Oh, okay. And Okay. Do you, you are you, when some of these, when you say you're into sluts, do you mean both men and women? No. Oh, just women. Okay. So here's my question. When you see a woman who appears in your mind to be slutty, what's your like opening line with her?


Oh, don don't. I don't do all that You know. What do you mean? Well, I mean that's the whole point, right? Is like, What the fuck are you talking about right now? I literally am trying so hard to like follow, but you keep changing the fucking topic. It's like, like if you were like a McDonald's drive through guy and I was like, can I get some fries? and you were like, yeah, I mean we will go to space eventually. I'm like, or gimme the fucking fries. All right. So how many sluts do you think about in one day? Don't even think, just answer. Like how many sluts do you thinking about right now? How many sluts? Just you baby Send. Just you just, Yeah. Okay.


Sorry. That's all. I'm not gonna fuck You know. I didn't know how to answer that. So Yeah, my first time is not gonna be with a guy from fucking Salute Your shorts. That's a Nickelodeon TV show. Look it up. Okay. Alright. Whoa, whoa. Alright Noah, I just can't get enough of this. There's something about you. I just can't stop. So how often do you see your 8-year-old? I saw her on Monday. Yeah. But how, this is first of all, this is Monday. So the answer would either be a week ago or today.


Which one is That's true. It was, It was exactly a week ago. Yeah, It was exactly a week ago. Yeah. And so when, if you had to guess was the time before that, is it like a once a week thing? Once every couple weeks. It's As much as I can. As much as I can. And what is that? Which seems like you have a pretty wide open fucking schedule. Dude. Pretty fucking open for business out there. Teaching free sparring lessons by the river. The river Can't even you. I literally like, don't even need to think of jokes. I could just repeat back your answers. Okay. So how often I Yeah, I'm trying to, I'm trying to see her, her more.


It's, it's, yeah. Does the baby mama not only let you Sometimes Yeah, it could be like that. It can be like that. Yeah. Is it like that? She, Let me ask you this. I Wanna see as much as I can. Okay. Yeah. I, I, I just, yeah. Why do you think your baby mama doesn't want you seeing the 8-year-old more often? Sometimes the show's silly. Sometimes it's You know wild.


This is like a serious cool moment. At least I think so. And I'm the creator and ex executive in charge. No, she would, she would love to have me see her more. She would, she she would love that. I think that there are times when she feels that the connection that we've made and her attachment isn't totally secure. And so in that way she would like You know that trust to be developed and melded together into something beautiful and yes.


Wow. Amazing. You said absolutely nothing there, by the way. Incredible. It was words. You're literally a male hippie Kamala Harris. It's incredible. You answered and gave no answer at the exact same time. This is amazing. I'm so, and you have me in like gargoyle formation right now. I'm like climbing onto my chair. 'cause I'm trying to figure out this puzzle that is you tell us about some more of the chaos in your life. You been arrested before? Yeah. There. you go rattle it off. What were you arrested for? Well, the last time. Last time?


Yeah. The, the last time I just needed a place to live and I was, I looked up on Zillow, like places that were You know abandoned or like they're being rented. Oh. And then I found like a tree house in the back of this place that had a really nice like pool and I was like swimming in the pool in my underwear. And then somebody came on the loudspeaker and they're like, get Outta my pool. They were on a loudspeaker. Yeah. Were you on drugs during this? No. You were in somebody's tree house? Yeah. And they come over the loud? Well no, I was in their pool. Oh Yeah? Yeah. And so they were watching me swim in the pool and they were like, Hey, Get up, get outta there.


And then I thought, You know, maybe they won't see me go into the tree house. So then I was just like in the tree house for How long? Probably like an hour or something. And then I was gonna leave with the mosquitoes. 'cause the mosquitoes really bad. And I was like, well that's probably maybe isn't the best place to like Squat You know. Right. Because Of the mosquitoes You were getting bit by mosquitoes. Hell yeah. Plus a person was literally like, please get off my property straight up, get out of my pool and off my property. That didn't a loud speaker somehow in their backyard. And you're like, maybe that tree house let go. The way your brain works is incredible. It's good to see you smiling though. Even You know. Like, this shit's crazy. Crazy. Yeah, this shit is crazy.


That's why. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, So then the police show up and they're like, get the fuck out of the trio. Right? Well It was embarrassing, but I kind of like just curled up and thought maybe they like wouldn't see me even though they had their lights like right on me. It was kind of, And then what happened? Did they climb up the tree house? Did the police come up or did you eventually, oh, you have a little crick in your neck. I think you just put a curse on us. That actual fucking, you ever seen the ring when the kid's like, you're like, are you stretching your neck? He's like, something like that. Don't have bananas later. Oh shit.


That's funny. This Is the tree house. I would watch six seasons of you living in a fucking tree house with nothing to survive on, but mosquitoes and your fucking thoughts and that and an outcast album. So how long were you in the pool for? Just gimme A guess. The hell yeah. Ballpark. How long were you in the pool? Like 20 minutes. 20 Minutes. And someone's like, please get out of our pool. Right? Yeah. And then you're like, there's a tree house. I'm gonna sneak up in the tree house. How long were you in the tree house? Gimme a guess like an hour. Okay. And then all of a sudden, did you hear alarm? First of all, red Van actually brings up a great question. How many, how many times do you think you got bit by mosquitoes while in the tree house?


Just take a guess. Do like 30 times Probably. Oh, My, God. 30 Bites. Absolutely incredible. So you've been bit by 30 mosquitoes. You're held up in the tree house. The police come and what do they say? Come down from the tree house. What do they give us? Just give us a guess of what they said. What do you remember? Why are you crouching in there? We already got the light on you. Oh, Right. You know. So it's nighttime, correct? Oh yeah. It's night. Okay. This isn't even how I pictured it. That's amazing. That's a huge part of the story. So they're literally shining a flashlight and you're like, they don't know, but you're in a fucking tree house. I knew that. They probably knew, but I thought, what if on the off chance that they don't, it'd be just funny as fuck You know what I mean?


But that's just to me You know. So then did they go up? Did a officer Yeah. They climbed. Yeah, they climbed up and Yeah. Yeah, they did. More than one come up into the tree house. Did You guys. They're like, Jesus is fucking mosquitoes. Dude. How many police officers came up into a tree house? Like three Or four or something? Yeah, four Officers came up. Okay. I I'm like, I I feel like I'm losing my mind right now. Okay. It's been 20 minutes of me interviewing this guy. Fascinating. It is fascinating. Unreal. I found out basically nothing.


What's your next move? What do you think? How long have you been in Austin? Four years. Oh yeah. Jesus Christ. Oh wow. And you've never had an actual job in Austin? Oh no, I have. I've wor I worked at this healing arts center for the last few years. Healing Arts Center. Fake Place. Yeah. Like What do they do there? They have all these different healing modalities. You know people who practice yoga, who do reiki, who do, what Do you do there? So I was, I did a mural. I was a host, I was a barista. And most recently I was a non-alcoholic bartender.


So yeah, There's a lot of bugs around. Okay. Alright. I'm gonna put a fucking ribbon on this Smoothie. Can I say something? Yeah. So the last time you saw your girl was when Monday. Right. And you're trying to reconnect with her, right? Yes, sir. Like, have you ever taken her to dinner and done something nice? Yeah, I would love to. You never have. No, of course I Have. Yeah, if you give him money, I know what you're thinking right now. I'm not gonna, okay, good. No, I was just saying do something nice sometimes. Oh, okay. I'm not that fucking piece of shit outta Ray. I don't just give away free shit.


I was saying, you should maybe think about doing that. Take her to dinner, say I don fucking care about you. I want, let's, let's get this back on track. I-I-I-I-I-I absolutely enjoy. Like I I I'm in love with every moment. I'm, I'm with her and I appreciate every moment that I get to Spend with her. What's the thing that you've done for her? She's eight years old. Seems like you kind of visit and then dip. What's like the most bonding moment? I, I showed her how to build an icosahedron out of like building blocks. Build what? Like I showed, I showed her how to build all the five platonic solids outta building blocks, which I think was pretty cool. Yep. The five regular convex polyhedra that Play-Doh discovered and the You know.


Have you done mushrooms With her already? What Is happening? Here's a little joke book I fucked up. The Internet's gonna be furious. It makes No way. This is great. I'm calling it now. You don't need to say anything. I already know I fucked up. I'm never listening again after that interview. I'm done forever. Why the fuck did that happen? It's like, why did he have that deadbeat Up there for 22 minutes? Oh, It was Brad Pitt from True Romance and it stood up. No, no. Now,


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I Was worried we'd bring back the same team. I meant those blackout motorized shades Blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy. I installed these and then got some from my mom. She talked to a design consultant, FOR FREE, and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall of Fame Sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Blinds.com is the goat Shop blinds.com right now and Get up to 45% off select styles, rules, and restrictions may apply.


Hey guys, what you're listening to currently, this is a commercial promoting the Pete and Sebastian show. This podcast Chronicles the life of Pete Corelli, comedian, writer, actor, and myself, Sebastian Maniscalco. What are your credentials? Fucking Dero movies. My credentials are this cast. It's a show like no other. Yes, we do have amazing banter together, but You know we just implemented right now. We implemented guest such as Yeah, we had freaking Jay Leno, bill Burr, the great Andy Garcia. Jake Johnson. I mean come on. The list goes on. List goes on. It's gonna continue going on. Goes On and on and on. This is cutting edge comedy, cutting edge coming direct to you in your headphones. We will see you there. Thanks for listening to the Pete and Sebastian Show.


Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket pool goes Are You guys still having fun out there? Your next comedian 60 seconds uninterrupted for Brandon La Caruba. Brandon la Caruba here. He's What's going on everybody? I got married in November of 2021 and thank you. Divorced April of 22. Thank you. I don't know what lived longer our marriage or our fetuses. It was one of 'em. I don't know. don don't know the answer. It was definitely one of them. I had a pretty smooth divorce though.


I gotta say You know, kind of got through it pretty easy. But worst part about being single for me, I was single in my late twenties in New York. You know only thing to fuck were Emos Jews and Microwaved bagels. So it's not really I know, that's what I said. That wasn't great until you get all three of those things together. An emo Jew with a bagel, a nice blink. 180 Jew chick. I'm a big fan. You know they I like them. They like me. They like all the small things. They're a little naggy though. Like if they text you and you don't text them back immediately, they're calling you up immediately. Like, where Are you? I'm Sean Horny and I'm like, just gimme the bagel.


I'm, I'm good. Thank you. I'm Brandon. Okay. This is, this show is Wild. Sure is. I've never experienced anything like this in my life. Ooh Sean. I swear it's never like this. Unbelievable, like don don't know what's real and what's a character. I really have no idea. It's not you. I have no idea. It's not you, it's me, John. I'm not over the last guy, but here we are. Hey, there we go. What's going on fellas? Hello. What? How's it going? I'm great. This is a, a cool Night for me. How long you been with Standup? Five and change? Five and change where were where At a lot of New York.


Long Island? Regrettably, but yeah. Okay. Yeah, just moved here about two months ago. Have you been on this Show before? I have not. Okay. Yeah. Alright, so five and some change. You're doing a lot of Blink 180 2 material. The entire minute was Blink 180 2. Yeah, They're back though. They're Back. Is that like your thing? You the Blink 180 2 guy or was it just this minute? I love girls that love Blink 180 2. So I, I tolerate blink little whiny for me, but No, it's good. What are you talking about? What's your shit? What's my shit? I like the Arctic Monkeys. I like anime intro songs. You know.


Ooh, Red band's. I know, I knew Red Band would like that. Got red band some, a Van Gallian a good way to work out. Someone wants to do the Secret show this week, Brandon. Let's talk about it. What do you do for work? I, I'm a manager at a Office Depot and I Wow. Yeah, it brings in the money and I, I host game shows. Yeah. Imagine Having to take orders from this guy. That was, I was so fucking mean. Ine. I know. I'm sorry. No, but I, but it would be funny. Be Like, can you give us an example of what you sound like as a manager? Let's say Jeremy here. Yeah. This sweet guy right here was one of your employees and he put the staplers on the wrong shelf at an Office Depot.


Okay. And he tends to do this a lot. There. There we go. And he should have it figured out by now. Okay. And here we go. And action. Hey, so I've got done putting on the safe works away. I cleaned all the shit off the bathroom walls and I gave the candy back to that. The other guy that works at Office Depot with us that you said was that he was like the, that I gave it back to him. So, so the staplers are all the staplers are all in the right place though. I put all the staplers away. You, you well, Justin, Let him respond. Jeremy. Oh shit. Go ahead. Oh yeah. First I'd wiped the spit off my face and I'd be like, I don't, I didn't understand a word you said, but there's codes tells you where to put the stuff.


You gotta put it up there or else we gotta let you go. Well, You guys change the fucking codes every other month. So I don't know what fucking code is the right one. Do You know what I'm saying? Can you like text me this? Can you write this down? I've been working here. You know my fucking dad owns Off Depot. Right. I gotta be fired so fucking fast. Get it done. Do it. And I hate that job. Do you really? No, it's okay. It's okay. I like my other job more though. I host game shows at a place in Austin. What, What kind of game shows? It's a rip off of Family Feud and Wheel of Fortune mostly. And we have our own names for it, for copyright. But it's, it's really fun. Okay. I love doing it. How?


I'll plug him game on a TX. Good time. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah. You a big Mark Norman fan. He's the only famous guy I've opened for You know how I could tell how? Because you move, act and react like him in every single while. Isn't that crazy that I was able to guess the one guy that you opened for Comedy? I Believe it. It's amazing. Yeah. Comedy There. You go right. I Can't believe he's a manch. Have did that. That's incredible. Okay. Brandon La Caruba. There we go. Last time you did serious. How old's your daughter? How old's my daughter? Yeah. We've had a streak The last, So it's funny you ask. I I've been telling as a joke that I have a, I'm a single dad with a black daughter.


I, I have a, I have a bunny rabbit. I don't have a daughter. Okay. I'm a man with a rabbit. Wow. How long have you had a rabbit for? I've had a rabbit since I've been seven, but they only live like 10 years. So it's been like four or five rabbits. Wow. And and have you ever done hard dogs? Jeremy? I'm sorry. You have a rabbit and you're not a magician. Awkward. Yeah. What the fuck, man? What do you do with this rabbit? They're Cool pets. They're like tiny dogs. They can learn tricks. They know their name. What tricks is your rabbit now? Rabbit. All right. She's not good at tricks. I got her from a previous owner. Didn't teach her any tricks in those formative years.


So You know she's not really into doing tricks. She's kind of setting her ways. Right. But no, they're cool. They're cool pets. Have, are there any tricks that any rabbits can possibly do? Yeah, you can like make 'em do shit you want to do. Like you put like what? All right. Like, you put your arm out and they'll, they'll hop over your arm like they know You know. No Way. Sorry. I was expecting you to say like, she'll fucking drive me when I'm drunk. You Know. That's a cool trick. What's her name? Her name Lily. Cool. Yeah. No, she's cool. They don't eat carrots. Bugs Bunny made that up. Don't feed, don't feed rabbits.


Carrots. It gives them bunny diabetes. It's bad For 'em. Great band name. Yes. Bitch Bunny Diabetes. Yeah. This is one of the most insane episodes of this show I've ever seen in my entire life. And I've been there for all of them. Ladies and gentlemen. You Alright? So there's a man that comes to every episode. He is literally not making eye contact with me or the show. He is sitting there looking down. I just caught you chief, literally looking down like, why, what have I committed Mondays to in my life? I could have all these years.


It's like literally having fucking What do you, so you have, is it Invisalign? I have Invisalign, yeah. and you, I sound like him When don don't wear 'em Roasted. It wasn't even I do, I do, I I, I talk like this without them, it's better. I wish I could afforded a bitch line. I did go with the fucking low ramp braces, You know Smile direct club. I get it. How much was you in bitch line? It's too much, man. It was like 2,500 bucks. Fuck. yeah. It was worth it though. I mean, my teeth looked way better, so. Yeah. Yeah. How much did you pay for your rabbit Free? I, I stole that lady from a previous owner. She was, she was mistreating her and they were giving her up. So I was like, sweet. I got a new rabbit.


How Are they mistreating a rabbit. So they're not like hamsters. You gotta let 'em out. You gotta give 'em at least a room to run around. And they had 'em, they had them locked up in the basement in the cage. It's not cool. It's like doing that. Imagine doing that to a dog. They're gonna be pretty pent up and not happy. They Wanna Does the rabbit like cuddle with you ever or anything like? Yeah. I mean, she likes getting pets. She likes You know, like, hanging out and I'll scratch her head and shit. But that's about it. If you pick 'em up, they think they're gonna get eaten. You know Right. Animals of prey, so. Yeah. Absolutely. What's your love life like when you bring a girl back and she sees a fucking rabbit in a fucking cage? What does she say? They tend to be very into it, man. Chicks love the bunny. Chicks love the bunny.


And they, they just hang out with the bunny, You know, feed her treats. Hop around. I've Never heard that. Hey man, come over and meet my rabbit. I'll show you a good time. My Ex had a rabbit and there's little shit everywhere. You have little pieces of shit everywhere in your house. Yeah. No, I do. You gotta vacuum 'em up though. They're dry. They're like Cocoa Puffs. You gotta suck 'em up. You can't. You said you love Family Feud, right? You host Family Feud. I do, I do. So let's play a little round. Let's do name one. Name one thing. Name one chick that's fucked you when she saw your rabbit. And I'll be Steve Harvey. I'll Be Steve Harvey. You, you, you answer. Ready?


Sarah. Whoa. He is an amazing Steve Harvey impression. Okay. I've never done that Steve Harvey before. So you tell one girl fuck. One girl. One Girl. Yeah. No, they, they again, they, it helps. Brandon, The most interesting thing about your life that's ever happened. I went to Auschwitz once. I was pretty wacky. How was that Too soon? It was a, it was a choir field trip for high school. You were in the choir. I went to college for singing. Okay. Can we hear a little bit of one? Two?


Here we go. 1, 2, 3, 4 You. guys know Knee Socks by the Arctic Monkeys. Knee socks. That's lame. That's a great album. All right. Shit. Yeah. Sing it. Come on. They can, they, they can do anything. Fuck it. They can do anything. How about Brandy? By Looking Glaze You. guys know Brandy. We'll follow you. How about, How about the Shidler list theme Song? Okay. Never saw Randy. Oh, there's a port on a Western Bay and it serves a hundred ships a day.


Lonely sailors passed the time away and talk about their homes. The sailors say Brandy, your refined girl. Your refine girl. Good wife. You would be, you would be, but my life, my lover, my lady is the C. Yeah. Fuck. yeah. Alright, Brandon. La Caruba. Here you go buddy. There you go. Coming at you. Everybody boo. Yeah. There he goes. Alright. Your final bucket. Pull of the night. Ladies and gentlemen, I love this name. We're gonna see what happens here. Make some noise. Your final bucket. Pool. It's Jenny with an eye.


Jenny with an eye. Ladies and gentlemen. Here comes Jenny with an eye live here on the show. Inside. Oh, she's inside. Wow. One of your very own inside. Jenny with an eye. Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. Jenny makes some noise. You're here at one of the craziest episodes. Here's Jenny with an eye. I saw a billboard on the way over here. It had Nike slogan on it. Just do it. And I thought that makes fucking sense. 'cause all I picture were kids in sweat shops and their boss yelling at them. Just do it.


Just fucking do it. Oh, you're sucking me dick. Yeah, I'm Puerto Rican. Yeah. Represent. I'm a very white Puerto Rican though, if you can't tell from my accent, but don't worry, I'm still toxic with bad credit and a bitchy attitude probably because I've seen the bottom of my mom's more than my father. But I'm tired of people always asking me, what type of Mexican are you? I've given up. I'm like, I'm the lazy kind and the legal kind bitch.


This lady I worked the other day. Day. She was like, if you're Puerto Rican, have you ever stabbed anybody? I was like, no, I never stabbed anyone today. I'm about to stop you next bitch if you keep talking. All right. You, guys. I'm Jenny with an eye. Thank you. Jenny with an eye. Hi. What's up? What's going on, Jenny? How long you been doing standup? I'll make a year next month on my birthday. Okay. Where you been doing it? At? Orlando, Florida. And you're just visiting here? I'm visiting, yeah. Okay. What do you do for work in Orlando? Huh? What do you do for work Real estate. What's You good at it? Yeah. You make good money.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I'm here. I get to travel. It's You know. Not bad. I love it. I love it. It could be your catch phrase. That's a good way that tag You know how like I have and that's what's up my jokes. Yeah, that could be You say you're joking and you go me meow. I like it. Kind of fun. Yeah. You don't have to do it, but for The special. For the special. Yeah. Are you doing special? No. Oh. Well, not with that attitude. Yeah. You gotta believe in yourself. Yeah. I I mean someday. Yeah. Could You, what? I'm trying to get a move outta my apartment soon. To a duplex. You wanna open up for me? Sure, sure. Yeah. All right. Are you fucking serious? Yeah. Oh, My, God.


Let's do it. Oh. My. God. This is a crazy day for Jeremy. Don't do it. Don't fuck with me right now. It's been a wild day. Let's go right now. Well, where, where do you perform in Orlando? Orlando. In like the improv? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean you're kind of scary, but Yeah. I mean, but you look, you seem fun. What's your favorite thing to do if we, if we after the show, what? Like what do you like to drink or karaoke? Yeah, sure. What do you really do for fun? I go out, I go to the gym. I travel. When you go out, what do you like to do? I drink with friends. Yeah. I have a good tequila time. Tequila. Tequila. I like tequila. I like Tito's.


Yeah. That's about four Loco. I can do that Twisted tea or something. How Do You know about Four Loco? Jeremy? Oh, well it's a long story, but let's just say Jerry and I, the one time we fucking had like a night out. Yeah. We fucking drank a sleep. Ten four Loco. And let's just say we grabbed a couple of bird scooters and let's just say we fucking went over to that guy Brendan's house and fucking tell his bunny some tricks and it rhymes with Suck your dick and Hey. Yeah. Sounds like a good time. Meow. And so no I don dunno. It's too, it's too crazy though. Yeah.


Alright. I like your jacket. Okay. What's your love life like? Jenny? With an eye than Eye. I'm in a relationship. What's your boyfriend do for work? Same thing. We met at work. He's in real estate. Yeah. Did You guys, you really do have a catchphrase there. I know. Did You guys hook up on a work site? Pretty much. Explain to us how that happened. You know I was slacking on my sales and he kind of helped me and it's been a love ever since. I mean, I feel like I've seen this video. You know. I mean, and you're looking oddly familiar PornHub.


Wait, so question as a guy who hasn't done it yet, what did your guy do that made you go like, okay, you can do that You. know what I'm saying? Like what do you start with? Well, he has a big You know. Whoa. No, don don't. That's Fucking huge. Whatever you just did with your hands. Yeah, that was fucking, it's that Big. He's Puerto Rican. Whoa. Jesus Christ. Oh, he knows. Oh, this guy's. Oh, that is a huge cock. This guy's waving his dick Represent. That was his cock talking. Not the guy. What does 1% mean? 1%? Yeah. What do you mean? Did You just say 1%? No, I said represent. Oh, okay. I couldn't hear you through your, we're very proud people. Sick Puerto Rican accent.


Okay. Very proud people. Indeed. What's your favorite thing about being Puerto Rican? The food. Yeah. What are the fa famous foods of the Puerto Rican culture? Rice and beans. Oh, Mexican food. Si. La ccha. La La La. Posa. No. Go Chicas. Yeah. Whoa. Red band. Our senior Puerto S Rican food correspondent. Well, I've never heard you speak another language before. Whoa. Red band Live. La Vita Loco over here. Huh?


That's all his PornHub searches. Wow. Yeah. Tony. You See the size of that? Size of that ring she's wearing? Huh? The size of that ring she's wearing is, I haven't seen that shit. Let me see. Shit. Where's the ring? Fucking blink blank. Oh wow. Look at that. You are Puerto Rican. You've invested all of your money in this. I'm not Pregnant though. Incredible. Are You guys trying? You guys trying to have a kid? Nah. Why not? Don don't know. Because he pulls out is by the reaction. No, he's not really giving you a choice. Nah. He pulls out and shoots it all over the homeowner's manual. That's in the, I have an IUD 'cause You know Puerto Rican Latino women.


Yeah. You know it's, yep. I gotta have that You know baby killer thing. You know. Absolutely. What's an IUD? Is that like an IOU? Yeah. What? I'm serious. I don know what that is. It's a thing that they put up inside a woman's vagina. What the fuck? Why To that way you don't have kids or you don't get pre, it's like birth control. So when the GIZ comes up it just, it's like fucking get outta here. Yeah, just like Pop up. I don't want no kids. That's why I got an IUD up inside me hanging out the passengers. I don't know the rest after that, but hey, that's fucking cool.


Well, that's what's up Jenny, with an eye. I like your style. I'm giving you medium sized joke book. There she goes. Thank you Jenny. With an eye. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, we've come to that point of the show in which there's simply nowhere else to go other than the Hall of Famer, the record holder for all time interviews. Appearances on the show all time. New Minutes. I present to you the Virginia Ham, the Toledo Track star, the Memphis Strangler, the vanilla gorilla.


This is indeed the big red machine. William Montgomery. Everybody. Last week in North Korea flooding killed 4,000. Kim Jong-un reacted to the floods by executing 30 government officials. Apparently Kim Jong-Un was pissed that he wasn't the one who killed the 4,000 people. Am I a bad person for not watching the Paralympics?


Okay. Yeah. That wasn't even really a joke. Okay. I remember when my mom got pregnant with my youngest brother and the rumor around town was that it wasn't actually hers. See, normally you would say like his, okay, let's keep this moving. I was up in Minnesota this weekend and I've gotta say I'm so impressed with the Kamala Harris running made and current governor of Minnesota. Tim Waltz, the guy is my hero. It's insane. He not only took out a Nazi bunker by himself during World War ii, but he is also taking the Minnesota Vikings to three straight Super Bowl wins. So I love Tim Walls. That is my time. Tony Hinchcliffe. Thank you sir.


Why'd you roll your eyes like that? William Don Don't know. My throat is killing me. Tony at the end of my final set at the Mall of America this past weekend, all the shows were great, but I was tasting a lot of blood in my mouth. So Why do you think that was? From yelling? I think I was literally tasting blood. So I might need to go to the doctor or something, isn't it? My throat literally feels like strep throat right now. It's really a nightmare. I was not in the best mood today, so I've Googled it. You can drink your own blood. It's fine. I, I cut myself from eating stuff all the time and just drink the blood. Don don't want to be in between this William an electric star of the show.


Very interesting that this throat thing, blood in the mouth, that this is all happening because you've been screaming famously screaming for longer than anybody over half a decade here. Live on this show weekly. Why do you It has Tony. I don't Know. Why do you think your health is giving out now? Don? Don't know. I mean, I've been kind of, I haven my, I'm off of the stimulants. I haven't been taking my Adderall recently, which is a good thing. But I'm still not hungry. I haven't been as hungry recently. I think I probably have cancer or something. I think I'm probably, I'll find out soon. I'm dying is my only Thought. Have you been to a doctor lately? I've not been to a doctor and I don. Other than a dermatologist in years since the, since the Armenian women in Glen Green.


I can't remember where it was. Somewhere in LA You wanna tell him? But that was at Glendale. Yeah. Thanks. What is this To Lime? Just Take it. Oh, Tums. But yet Tony. I don't know. It's very disconcerting. I think it's all of the don don't know. It's the longer shows. Yelling. I'm yelling too much Tony. I know people hate it, but I have fun doing it. It seems like people have a good time. But I'm gonna have to do something different. Something's gotta change. Tony. I mean it's turning into a thinker. Whatcha you Ni What are some options? I don't know. Maybe sort of more jokes. Like, kind of like talking like this. Maybe just maybe, maybe more kinda low. And then it really won't hurt my voice if I just kind of talk. Do you like, do you like that John?


When I kind of talk like that, do you think that's kind of funny? I'm into it. Cool. I'm into it. I like most of the I feel like the ailments you have are internal. 'cause I, I'm, you look great. Oh my gosh. Well thank you. You look great too. What is that accent? Are you from Tennessee? I am. I'm from Tennessee as well. Really? Where are you from? Nashville. I'm, I live in Nashville. I'm from Memphis. Let's go. Let's be friends. Cool. Sounds good. Nice to meet you. Yeah. I didn't know what you were gonna say. You guys gonna fuck what's going on right now. This is nice to, amazing to have chemistry with. I gotta tell you, I've never seen William warm up to anybody like this. It's wonderful. I love a fellow Tennessee and Oh, I'm sorry I dropped it. Well, I've been there before.


Just, Just guessing here. We'll see. You're Gonna make me eat this and it had fallen on the ground before. Yeah. Do Whatever you want. Oh, William, has anyone ever told you you look like carrot tops floor after he saved his balls? That's a compliment. I, I Love carrot tops. I love Carrot Top. Yeah, it's one of my fa my favorite comedians. Carrot Top David Lucas and Seinfeld. I love that last, That's quite the, that's quite the list you have there. Carrot top, none Of that order. David Lucas and Seinfeld. Yep. That's my dream show. Open for those free, same show for one of those fucking charities. The first guy was talking about, I love the small, the quiet joke thing.


William with like some sweet music underneath it. Like some drums or something. Yeah, Maybe just some music Like that. I would fucking listen to a whole album of you doing that. Oh yeah. We do a joke with that. Yeah. Well thank y'all so much for being here. Austin, Texas. It is really a nice time. I've actually been having a pretty rough go of it recently. I think I have some sort of cancer in my tummy, but it's making it so I'm not really hungry so I am losing weight. So that kind of helps because sometimes I see these fat asses walking on the street and I just think, what is their fucking issue? It's like, is it a gland problem? Is it a self-control problem's? Just these fat, nasty people I see.


And I just wanna fucking shoot them with the gun that I have. But yeah, it's so nice to be here. Austin, I'm hoping I can be around for a little longer, but I really haven't been feeling good recently. So, but it seems like John and I are maybe some buddies. So maybe you C inch and a little close Bud Red band. Help me. Hi. I think though You know I'm, I'm just, I'm trying to take it all in here and the thing that stands out to me is you You know the KILL TONY fan base.


I think the thing that's gonna stand out to the universe that listens to us. Yeah. and you every single week is this not screaming thing? Have we found? Yeah, they're gonna have to get Used to it. You have, You've stopped Screaming. I'm stopping. I'm not gonna fucking scream anymore. Wow. I can't Tony. Wow. I'm literally in horrible pain right now. I was scared to come up here tonight. Yeah. I was scared to death. I haven't gotten strep throat in many years. I got my tonsils taken out with my brother Vance. Yeah. Yeah. It's not good. So I just can't yell anymore. So we're gonna go quiet and if it doesn't work quiet, I'm gonna move back home to Memphis and just fucking quit doing comedy. I'm like, I'm getting to the part where I'm getting sick of this shit. Can't give up and I'm gonna, you gotta keep going.


Really? You gotta keep going. Do you ever go through times like that, John, all the time where you don't wanna keep on doing it? What, what helps you make it through? I reach out to my friends. Really? Yeah. Could I get your number after this? I'm not even kidding, could I? Absolutely. Because I really need somebody like you right now. I can see right now. Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. Well no, I was kidding. I thought you were. Yeah. You can't say it right in front of everybody, but yeah. Tony. I don't know. I'm gonna have to, we're gonna have to see. I'm gonna have to evolve. I'm gonna have to change everything up. So when it comes to screaming, you have stopped. I'm done. Heard it here. I'm finished screaming. I mean, it's Completely stopped. It's done. Tony. Well, D Madness says he doesn't believe you. What do you have to say to D Look D in the eyes and tell him My hair.


Oh look. D in the eyelids. No, look D in the eyelid. You, you missed it earlier when William was getting really, really honest. D Madness goes, I can see, I can see the darkness so funny. Yes sir. But yeah, Tony, so we'll see. Oh, excuse me. Deman. What? That's Okay. We'll see. But yeah, so we'll see. Tony don don't know. It might be bubbling up. I feel like the yelling is, is I could, I could just do sound bits of everything he says. Yeah, we're gonna need sound effects of him back in the day when he was in his prime yelling. Yeah, somebody get on that red band, get on that. Will you be able to help me with that?


Yeah. I'll, I don't know if you have any idea how fast red band moves, but it Yeah, it's gotta take a couple weeks. It's Gotta do about 425 hours of vr and then he is gonna get around to it. We'll, we, we, we'll circle around. We'll figure, okay Man. Yeah, you could get audio sound bites and, and play them and you can like lipsync to 'em. You know. That's a really great idea. Maybe I can do that. Maybe. Yeah, like Singers do that, right? Singers do that or songs. Or you could do that for your jokes. You could do that. But Like, here, I'll do it for you. Ready? Like do it, let's do it. Like talk to, like I'll lip sync to you. Ready? Okay. Hey, how's it going, Austin? No. Wait. No. So you don't, so you, you don't talk but you move your mouth like a, like a marionette and I'll do you like I could be backstage for you.


Ready? Let's Do it. Ah. Hi guys. So lately I've been going through a tough time. I know I look like Ronald McDonald if his, if cocaine was his happy meal. Ha. But that's just because I'm having a fucking rat. I fucking look like Sasquatch. Fuck the Chucky doll. I look like fucking Casey Rocket Dad. I look like if I sha my beard, there's just a sign that says Yeah I got HPV.


You tricked me. What? He Tricked me and I never take a shit off. Alright, That's


This episode of KILL TONY brought to you by DraftKings. Everyone's gonna get a refund at the door on your way.


The drawing from Ryan g Bolts in the drawing from Chris Rogers is right over there. Let's see what he got today. Ooh, Ari Matti. Wow. Ari had the night off tonight, but that's beautiful. How about another hand for the best implant in the land? Make some noise for the debut of Jeremy Ladies and gentlemen. Jeremy, what do you wanna plug tonight? Plug something Jeremy. Oh shit. So You guys can find me on TikTok Ed, that's what's up. But I'm a real big fan of his comedian Adam Ray and he is got these Dr. Phil Live shows in theaters Big tour starting to Adam Ray comedy.com and he is got a fully improvised show live stream.


October 30th, buy your tickets at Adam Ray Live. How about Putto? How about one more time for the Kill? Sony debut of John Crist. Everybody huge fucking tour tickets at JOHN comedy.com is podcast net positive. Thank you John. Absolutely. One more time for John and Jeremy, everybody thank you to DraftKings Red Band. Thank You guys so much. I love you all. We love you. Thank you. Goodnight everybody.