
This episode is brought to you by The Weather Channel. It's suggested that brands avoid using sound effects and podcast ads. And remember to speak in a chill tone. Well, here's a suggestion for everyday life. Tap into the Weather Channel app. It's loaded with insights that help you manage your allergies. Breathe easy and use your outside Voice. What in the weather are you waiting for? Be a force of nature with the Weather Channel App.


This episode is brought to you by United Airlines. When you wanna make the most of your vacation book. With United, they're an airline that cares about your travels as much as you do. United is transforming the flying experience with Bluetooth connectivity screens power at every seat and bigger overhead bins to help fit everyone's bag and with their app, you can skip the bag. Check line, get live updates and more. Change the way you fly. Book your next trip today@united.com.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Looking for an easy workout. You are in the wrong place. Peloton Tread has what you need to challenge yourself. Need to be pushed to your limit. Their elite coaches will keep you on track to break past your goals. Whether you're looking to get stronger or faster, Peloton Tread has everything you need to become everything you want. Find your push. Find your power Peloton. Visit one peloton.com to learn more.


Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now on Spotify and Apple Podcast If, you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website? go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything. Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch Merch, go to DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Red Company Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony. Let's Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives? God fucking damn it. You fucked. Louder. Yes, there's volume.


Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Yeah. Keno, Keno, keno. We sing about fucking keno. Meanwhile, the volume on the main mic's off. Bunch of Ard here I work with, wait, we have to bleep that now. I can't say retards. Jesus. YouTube is laying down the law on us people. Lot of bleeps coming in your way. How's everybody doing tonight? Good. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Makes moves for Brian, Redban, Ladies and gentlemen. Hi, And. How about one more time for the best damn band in the land. Ha. Groove line horns. Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, and Fernando Castillo.


Michael Gonzalez on the drums, Matt mulling on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on the Keys. And this is D Madness Live in the Flesh, the Real Deal. An amazing episode in store for you. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing sponsors that made it all possible. The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin. Texas is now open. Check out Red Band secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


You guys ready to start Tonight's episode or what This is KILL TONY, the number one show in comedy, brought to you by SimpliSafe hymns and express. VPN You know, every single week I bring on maybe one, maybe two of the funniest people in the world. Tonight we go with three. This is very, very exciting because these are indeed our brothers from another mother for over a decade. We have had a synergistic relationship. We do their shows, they do our shows, we do their festivals. They show up to our crazy shit forever. These are our brothers from New York City, Ladies and gentlemen.


I present to you the long awaited return on this. A very special week of Skank Best. This is the Legion of Sk Luis. J Gomez DAVE SMITH And Big. Jay Oakerson Fucking Fuck Yes, the great DAVE SMITH Lewis, Jay Gomez, and indeed, BIG JAY. OAKERSON, three of my favorite human beings. Three legends of the show. And it is incredible to have You guys back. Hi, Louis, one of the record holders for all time appearances on this show.


LUIS, J, GOMEZ You, guys. Right? Thank you very. We're very happy to be here. You are our brothers. We love Austin, Texas. We have no problems with Austin, Texas. That's right. I just want you to know that That's new. New York City sucks. Austin rules. That is correct. That is correct. I'm glad to see some of those vaccine side effects wearing off. Last time Lewis was on the show, he ate an obese man's kidney stones. So just to show you what you could be in store for here tonight. What He, yeah, a guy had a kidney stone. He brought it in a bottle. Lewis asked to see it, and then he placed it in his mouth. Did you ever poop that out?


Don? Don't know. Tony Maybe peed it out. I, I have no idea. It might still be with me right Now. That is true. Anything can happen. Performed at Madison Square Garden on KILL. TONY Tony lead with that. Yeah. No, the kidney stone First Big J Geron fucking crushed Madison Square Garden, Man, thank you again for that opportunity, man. That was unbelievable. Amazing shows We're having fun. Big J's coming back to the mothership here in November, right? It's here. Mothership. Indeed. Be right here at the mothership. November. That's your first weekend here. Yep. First time. Amazing. If You guys don't know truly, when I say Big J is one of the best in the fucking world, I mean it, everything is fucking off the top of his head.


He's a real freak. You know a lot of these crowd work guys that talk to the audience have a lot of stuff fucking saved up in their heads and this and that. He's like, if a magician actually made the magic tricks, oh, thank, like, if it was like real, it was like in front of you. And it wasn't like something up his sleep, he's like a freak. I, I'm releasing a, a double special of crowd work and I'm calling it them. They, It's true. And the great Dave Smith is here. Ladies and gentlemen, one of our favorites. Future presidential candidate. I don't know about all that, but Lewis did tell me backstage that he is gonna top his last appearance tonight.


So You guys, get ready. I'm planning on bottoming my last appearance here tonight. Over 260 human souls signed up for the opportunity to stand behind that microphone that did not work earlier when I came out on stage. Hopefully it works for them in some way or another. If I pull their name out of the bucket, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted to make everyone laugh. You know their time is up in here. The sound of a kitty. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts them. And then I conduct an interview with them. We talk about their lives. Anything more that they could possibly talk about on stage or what's interesting about them.


The whole thing is improvised and anything can happen. Are You guys ready to start tonight's fucking show? Well, well, well, while we go wrangle that poor soul from across the street who right now has no idea that they're about to be on the biggest show in comedy, but is about to find out. We have a regular, actually a golden ticket winner who is climbed ironically to, to absolute fucking stardom here on this show. I mean, truly one of the most rock solid comedians I present to you. Kicking off tonight's show. Make some noise for the great and powerful Martin Phillips.


Everybody. What's the thing? It makes some noise. If you are into having unprotected sex, don't worry. My parents, I actually a start incorporating magic in my act. I don out. What the the fuck was that? Oh My. God. That's the magic I I made that, I made that acid.


I made that Oh My God. I Okay. You okay? Okay. Okay. Nine 11. Have you heard about, have you, have you heard about this? I wondered like, what if the terror is hijacked a shady airline. Like a, like a spirit or a front camera. I observed the passengers would've thought, this is what I get. This is, I knew anti and the terrorists would've been like, whoa, this is really easy to do.


Yeah. Oh, My, God. No one would think it was a terrorist attack. They'd be like, yeah. And airline and crab. So every flies a hijacking. Okay. That's it. Okay, cool. The great Martin Phillips showing how it's done yet again. Kicking ass, breaking glass. That's what happens when you make the waitresses laugh. Shit goes haywire over There. Cool. Martin, you did it again. Great, great. Great. Rock. Solid. Thanks. Did you paint that shirt Yourself? This is this that shirt, man, that's a sick, this sick out shirt.


By sick do you mean the shirt has been vomiting all over itself? Yeah. This is Arif shop vibe. Look at it. Okay. Alright. But yeah, I guess it is. Kinda looks like, yeah, not like shit. Love how defensive you get over Things like that. It's a cool shirt. It's well, oh look, throw jacket. Oh, original. Okay. Oh My. God. Yeah. Oh. My. God. Is that the bond? Oh My. God Oh My God. Hey, this is a thrift shop. Fine. What do You guys think of Martin?


Oh, I was, I was asking the panel, but yeah. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't wanna pull the curtain, but there's no way from the time you said his name to the time he walked on the stage. This guy came from across the street. I don't, I hope I'm not showing how the sausage is made or something, but No, he was, he was ready. Okay. Yeah, they like shut around closed spots.


We literally, we make sure he's directly By. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Fuck. yeah. Dude. You guys gonna have to play Pink Floyd's the wall. Yeah. Yeah. So Great job. Oh, Thank you. Fantastic Job. Very, very Fun. Thanks. Thanks. It really, really was amazing stuff. You talked about unprotected sex. Your parents did indeed have it. Yeah. Do you ever talk to your parents about what they may have been doing or messing around with I? don? I, I do not wanna know. Yeah. I don. I don't ask my parents about their sex life. You know, But I mean, like specifically when they made you, Who, who knows what eventually they got into that night.


Wait, do you think the problem is it was positionally wrong? Apparently Jody, does I don know? I just I don. Why did I take a cream pie in that pile driver? A cream pile driver, if you will. Yeah, yeah, yeah. don don't know. I don't know. Yeah. I shook my Ice. Dude. Human centrifuge. I hope they don't watch this. It's worth asking. I'd be interested to know. I'm not interested. Actually, I, I'm okay with I you, if you meet my parents, go for it.


Ask them where Are they at? They're in. If we're You know. Okay, you got now Schedule a trip to Virginia. Questions. Virginia. It was meth. Oh, that's West Virginia. Come on. That was shit up my state. Come on. Those cousin fuckers have driver's license. They migrate. Okay. I love it Louis. Yeah. Were they, were they like old family members Or something? Well, they weren't related or anything. No. They were in their thirties.


So like I was, Hey people don't wait. You know that was, but still I'm the only like disabled guy in the family, so I don't know. Well, you're disabled. Oh dude, I guess. Well, you're funny as hell Martin. You're an absolute monster. No better way to get the show started than with you tonight. He shows us how it's done time and time again. Truly claiming the territory of one of the greatest golden ticket winners in the show's history. And we found them out of the bucket just like we find everybody.


Oh, there she is, Ladies and gentlemen. The great and powerful Heidi is with us. And so we get to our first bucket pool of the night. Anything could happen. Could be a great comedian that has a rough set. Could be a bad comedian that has a good set, bad comedian, has a bad set, good comedian has a good set. Could be somebody's first time. They could be doing it for two decades. Anything could happen. This is 60 seconds uninterrupted by your first bucket Pool of the night. He goes by the name of Will Eck. Everybody here's Will Eck. Alright. Hey everybody. It's a absolute pleasure to be here. So recently I went on a road trip from Salt Lake City, Utah to San Antonio, Texas.


It's about a two hour drive. And I got pretty lonely. So I figured who can help me feel not so lonely? I decided my ex. So I sent her a text saying, Hey, I'm on a road trip. I'm feeling kinda lonely. Could you maybe gimme a call or something? And about 20 minutes goes by and I get a little buzz on my phone while I'm driving and I look down and it's her. I'm so excited. And she sent me a phone number and underneath the phone number it said, this is the phone number for the Utah Suicide Hotline. I have never been so humbled and yet so rejected at the same time in my entire life.


So needless to say, I've never talked to her again. I've actually yet to talk to a girl since then. It kind of ruined my ego Will act. Ladies and gentlemen, with a true therapy session here for his 62nd standup set. LUIS J GOMEZ. I, I know why his last name is eh. Oh, My goodness. Will, Will Will. Wow. Will is short for Willie. Ever have a punchline?


Wow. Well, so let's talk about it. That was 60 seconds and you made everybody kind of depressed. Somehow you seemed sadder and more pussy list than the shaky cerebral palsy guy that was up here before you wearing a barf shirt. And yet here you are. Yes sir. Absolutely incredible. What were your parents doing the night that they made you? That's the real question. My dad actually told me the night I was conceived. I didn't ask for it. But we were on a, once again, we were on a road trip and he just told me straight up, he was like, you were conceived in your grandmother's basement.


Wow. Okay. There was, there was some mold in that basement. Yes. Def absolutely on Semen. Went airborne, caught a piece of mold, went near mother's vagina with a mold on it. You are mold And out came, ugh. Yeah. Will Eck, why are, why is everything that you and your family do always on a road trip? What's happening here? Yeah. I don't know. I Are you a homeless family? A little bit. Yeah. We grew up pretty poor actually. Yeah. Okay. There, you go where? At Salt Lake City, Utah. Okay. And why poor? What does your dad do? He's a, Well, my dad left when I was eight years old. And so it was just my mom. Did you tell Him a joke?


No. You had a dad until eight. Which is better than I do believe three fifths of the panel here tonight. So you're not really a victim. I'm pretty sure. Maybe Dave and Red Band are the only ones. Right. Your dad was in your life. Oh no. Oh, okay. Oh no, I did end up here. Right, exactly. Red band's parents are still together. You, you could tell they're still together. Oh, they're not. They're still alive. Oh, well You don't know that. Direct partner's, parents aren't together. You guys gotta talk more man. Never. Alright, so will back to you. So how long have you tried standup comedy?


How many times? What are we doing here? This is Actually my very first time. Okay. That, yeah. Yep. Yeah. I could Feel that. I was hoping for that. It felt that way. Yep. It's a relief to hear you say that. Thank You. Yeah, thank You. Is the story true? Yeah, the story is absolutely true. Yep. That actually happened. What made you drive from Salt Lake City to San Antonio? I was depressed. I was losing, I was losing my mind. You Were so depressed that you decided to just huff it to San Antonio. Damn straight. Yeah. I fell in love with the NBA like pretty late in my life. And the San Antonio Spurs picked me and I went all the way to San Antonio to watch a Spurs game. What?


Yes sir. So you went to a Spurs game? Yeah. Yeah. By myself. More depressing. Yeah. Really? Yes. What That's, first of all, you're too involved with your phone while you're driving. Yes. That might be the old person in me. But I kept hearing all these texts and like talk the texts. Call the bitch, dude, I fucking Now she really sent you the suicide hotline number. How, how long were you with this girl for originally It was a year and a half. Year And a half. How did it That's the old I know. A year and a half. I know. I haven't talked to a girl since. Well here you go. How did it end? How did it end? Where she be so ruthless to you when you're just being sweet on a road trip? Hey, I just need someone to talk to. It's me.


Willette. Yeah. Well obvi obviously the hotline work. He's here. Yeah, It's true. It's a redirect at the mothership is located at 3 2 0 East sixth Street. This is where they all come. Yeah. It's actually my fault. So I was like pretty young. I was like 19, 20 when I met her and she was like starting to kind of talk about like moving in and getting like really serious and I was like, I kind of just wanna play video games and hang out with my boys. So you, that That was your breakup line For, I mean, not with those exact words. How Old are you now? I'm 24.


Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So this is a while ago. Yeah, this was a while ago. Have You talked to her since? No. You said that you really haven't talked to a girl ever since. Yeah. So the road trip happened in about February and yeah, so it's been about February that I've even tried to reach out to, it really destroyed me. I was really like, holy shit. Am I like, am I depressed? It was this February the road trip. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you live here now? I think He's gonna kill himself. I'm gonna try to help this young. Yeah. I actually got here. So my sister beat the shit outta me about a month ago. Okay. I am falling in love with you. Will. This is great.


This, these are the kind of interviews. I fucking Love To have one this early in the episode. I am just Thrilled. It's my sister beat me that I couldn't go to ballet classes because my teachers would ask questions. I've been bulimic for three weeks now. Yeah. I still can't get into a two piece without hating myself. Dude. Love It dude. Quick piece of advice. Yeah. For your second comedy set. Yeah. Maybe lead with that. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Okay. How big is your sister? Yeah, she's taller than me. About like two inches. She's a welder too. She, she weighs about probably 15 pounds heavier than me. Your sister is a welder? Yeah. She's a welder.


Yeah. Whoa. Shit. Yeah, she beat the fuck out of me. I bet. Tell us how she beat you up. What are some of the things that she did? So, okay, so basically, long story short, she's been making like about a, a lot of bad life decisions. She's a welder and I, I was like getting sick of it. You know we tried everything. We tried therapy meds, we tried trying to get, you Say we tried everything. The whole family. The whole, the whole family. The whole Family. We were trying, Many people are in this family. This, We're from Salt Lake, city U we're from Salt Lake City, Utah. It's a, it is, it's a big family. How many, give us a ballpark. Oh, My, God. Whole extended family has gotta be like 60 people And You guys all go to therapy together. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You go to therapy.


Not many of us. 'cause it's kinda like a recent thing. We're all kind like getting on that wave. That kinda woke wave You know. Yeah. Okay. So, so, so my sister You know we tried everything and nothing was really working, so I decided to get the Shit outta here. So kill yourself. I'm working to go actually, technically she didn't kick my ass. She made me keep myself while telling the opposite. But I broke three ribs, separated a shoulder. So what did she do to you? Keep going. So, So finally I had a talk with my little brother.


I was like, we've tried everything. Like is it time to just go in guns a blaze and you just try and tear her apart and really like, Threw her head. Why? I feel like the cult brother's bigger than you. He's also bigger than me. Yeah. He's six feet tall. Yeah, he's six feet tall. He's bigger than me and he weight lifts and everything. He's going, he's going to the gym hitting the iron playground. He's a big guy now. So Iron Playground. Yeah. Wow. Look at you. It's the toughest thing I've ever heard you say or do Will. Thank you Tony. You're welcome. So yeah, so I went in guns a blazing. I just tried to rip her apart. I probably called her fucking stupid too many times. And she was currently reading book four of Harry Potter hardback. And she walked up to me face to face and held the book over my head and I said, do it fucking hit me. And she did. And then she grabbed my shirt and repeated the punch me in the head.


When you say head, you mean like top of the head? No, Like in the temple. She hit me. I Can see that part's a little swollen on you. Still to this day. There's a little, you have like little martian, little bit of a martian shaped head. I Haven't, I haven't felt the same ever since actually. Unbelievable. So You're, you fight back? Yeah. Yeah, Actually. Okay. So you fall back in lost? No. Okay. So look, this is, it is debatable. It's debatable. I knocked her down three times, but I also walked away. First three knock Down rule. Okay. You won. Well, but then I walked away first she was still ready to fight. What were you working with? Huh? You're still sitting, she's standing over you. No, so yeah. No, I, I knocked, I never fell down once. I knocked her down three times.


But wait A second. Hold on. Alright. Fucking Jake. Lata over here. Yeah. How did you knock her down? What was your point? Well, the first time I just grabbed her leg and I thought that she'd be done. 'cause I put her down and then she stood back up and kept on swinging. Right. And then the second time I hit her in the head and she fell over. And then the third time I just kind of, did She, did she say I didn't hear no bell. By the way, where's Joe? Rogan There should let women fight guys. They Dude, she beat my ass. I got like, Yeah, she's one. And Oh, these dudes, I got scars on my chest from her scratching me while doing it and everything. Do you live Here now? You're still in Salt Lake City? So I literally moved here yesterday at 6:00 PM Wow.


Tell us more About that. From an abusive sister. Yeah. Yeah. I couch surfed for a month after it happened and then I said, fuck it, I'm moving to Austin and here I am. Wow. Here you are. And you're the first bucket pool of the night. That's absolutely incredible. Now you said you haven't talked to a girl since. Is that true? That's, Well, like I talked to coworkers and stuff, but I haven't talked to a girl like what you Do for work. Well, okay, so I just moved here her So don don't have a job right now, but just previously I was working at like a cafe diner. A cafe diner. Yeah. You were a waitress. I was. I was. and you was a, wait was your girl for being a welder? Oh no. Your sister's a welder. Yeah. Yeah. My sister's a welder. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what you're good at.


Cafe Diner. Yeah. I was like a line prep cook. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Alright. So very interesting. Are you good at it? Is that what you like to do? No, I actually fucking hate it. Really? Yeah. My last week I told my boss repeatedly, I fucking hate the line. I fucking hate the line. And he said, What are you gonna do? Your sister beat you up. I was couch surfing. My daughter can come here and tell you to do it or else, but Interesting stuff. So first of all, we're going to help you get a job Wow. Here in Austin, Texas.


And Thank you. Thank You're gonna be, you're gonna, And you're gonna be a punching bag at the female boxing gym. Yeah. I'd be incredible at it. You wouldn't believe I'm gonna go over to Orange Theory and beat the shit outta that fucking guy. If, If, and on top of that, we are also going to get you tickets to a Spurs game. And on top of that, ladies and gentlemen, since I find your interview to be so, you gave us so much to work with Will and that deserves a reward. Will, when was the last time you kissed a girl?


Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit. Why don't you put the mic back in the mic stand. I'd like to introduce to you a young lady who oh, was on the show once before. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a little segment that we call Kiss Me in the show's history. We're a young buck that needs one gets one. And I'd like to reintroduce one of the most famous kissers of all time. Only kissed one boy on this show and took the internet by storm. Make some noise for Riley. Ladies and gentlemen. Oh shit. Oh My God.


Well, look, look at him. Look how nervous he's, Yeah dude, I haven't done this in so long. Tony. Well, Ladies and gentlemen, this is how the magic Happened. Oh shit. Ri you wanna show, you want to take him to Lala Land? Welcome to Austin, Texas, buddy. Wow. Amazing. Oh man, Tony, how'd I do? How did I do? He that to her head.


He's not used to not getting the shit beat up by a girl. Ladies and gentlemen. How about a hand for Ry Ladies and gentlemen, go grab a drink at the Betty some night. The coolest bar in Austin, Texas. And Will, how do you feel? Sh? Good. Good. Wow. You're like a whole different person. I feel Like I fucked it up pretty bad. Explain to us how you think you fucked up. Well, I just, you're Currently having a herpes outbreak. You were all tongue, no mouth. No, I, I had, I was Well What did you try to do there? I didn't really get a, I, No, I mean an angle at it. Yeah. Well I feel like I went slow.


Like he said, I kind of grabbed the back of her head. I don't know if that's like game or not. don don't know if that's cool. Oh, you liked it? No, no. It was odd. Oh, I thought you said hot. Oh That's usually like a, a little bit into the makeout. Maybe you go for like a face or something. Yeah. Yeah. You had like a like Yeah It was Listen, a lot of pressure. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. You went against your instincts. You didn't sweep the leg. You went for the back of the head. Ladies and gentlemen You know normally a first set like that you'd get a little joke book 'cause you had zero punchlines. But God damnit you rocked the interview. Thank you.


I love your style. Thank you. and you have a lot of work to do. So here's a big joke book from the Great Bon Eye there goes Willick. And like that the show has begun. This is KILL. TONY your next bucket Pool. Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna meet 'em all together. Make some noise for Luke Sta everybody. 60 seconds uninterrupted for Luke Sta.


Hey y'all. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. Indeed. It can be challenging to find and meet with a therapist that is the right fit. Talkspace is so accessible from personalized treatment to meeting online from anywhere to the ability to text your therapist at any time. Therapy can be costly, but Talkspace is affordable and in network with most insurance providers. Most insured members have a $0 copay red band. Tony. I love Talkspace. They truly care about providing mental health resources to those who need it. Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider, makes getting the Help you need. Easy, accessible, and affordable. You can easily sign up online and get paired with the licensed provider that's right for your needs. Typically within 48 hours. You can also switch providers at no extra cost. Talkspace makes getting help convenient because you can take your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it out between sessions by sending message to your therapist. Talkspace provides personalized treatment for individuals, couples, the l lgbtq, IA plus community, veterans, and teens. As a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter promo code space 80. That's Talkspace dot com slash Tony promo code space eight zero.


This podcast is sponsored by Game time. I'm a live event junkie, folks from music and comedy and small clubs all the way to theaters and big arenas. I love live events, which is why I use Game time. Game time as a new feature called Game time picks that makes getting tickets for concerts and events even easier. Game time picks filters out the fluff to show you only the incredible deals on the seats on the greatest seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Red Man Tony. I love Game time. They make buying tickets so easy and affordable. I just found a super deal with Game. time picks for Deftones at the Moody Center. It's so easy to pick your seats, add 'em to your cart and checkout. I personally love the seat views before you buy plus the lowest price guaranteed. That is amazing Red Band. With Game time picks curation makes it easier to save more on sports, concerts, comedy and theater. Plus, they're all in pricing shows the total upfront with no surprise fees to checkout. Game time also has the best ticket coverage. Your purchase is covered with the most flexible customer service policy in the ticketing industry. So take the guesswork outta buying concert tickets with Game time. Download the Gametime app. create an account and use code KILLTONY for for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. create an account redeem code KILLTONY for $20 off. That's why download Game time today. What time is it? Game time.


Hey y'all. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter. According to research, a major challenge that many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. And it's a tough hurdle to overcome because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applications. Well if you're an employer who can relate, I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And right now you could try ZipRecruiter for free@ziprecruiter.com slash KILL TONY or at Band Tony. I love ZipRecruiter. Did You know ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer the most based on G two? No, I Didn't know that, Did I? Here's another question. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing you your job to qualified candidates? I think immediately The answer is immediately, why did You Know that I'm right? Again, you Can also invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. We have the greatest team in the world. It's just incredible here. Red Band. And I found all of these people, including Joe White at 185 years old on ZipRecruiter. Let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/ KILL TONY right now to try it for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger. A picture perfect sunset or a cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Again it's free. That's ziprecruiter.com/ KILL. TONY ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


I found out that Helen Keller's father was a captain of the Confederate army. So I guess that bitch got what she had coming. 'cause if she could speak, she certainly would've said the N word entirely too much. Then again, I'm not sure she had the capacity to be racist 'cause she was also blind. So everybody was black to her. The fucking horrors. Listen, I think you should be able to say all the slurs, we're just having fun. We're just goofing around. But there is one slur you should never say and that's the N word.


Because if you do say it and you're not supposed to, they're gonna start acting like one. And we don't need that kind of crime in our communities. I found out that the microwave oven was invented October 15th, 1945. That was a fucking close one. World War II ended a month prior. I'm just glad that housewives caught onto the microwave before Hitler did. 'cause the only thing worse than a quicker genocide is one that's still cold in the center when you're done with it. Wow. Luke stamp coming in hot.


Very good my friend. How's it going? Really Good. Thank you for asking Luke. Welcome LUIS J. GOMEZ. Would You like to join the Legion of sks? Yeah. There you go. It could just be one of us. Dude, There it is. The four horsemen, big J. What do you think of this guy's performance? It Was great. I gotta say with the angle I was watching it from this light right here was cascading off of his forearm. And I know this fear when he knows he's going for a joke that that's that that's that ball's out. And it went over all the hairs in his arm just raised up like a cat. He was like, yes.


Woo. It's like banging heroin telling jokes like that. 'cause you don't know if it's gonna work well or not. I wi I Wish your mustache would've Straightened Fuck. yeah, me too. Absolutely Incredible performance. I didn't realize Roseanne got pregnant by Ron Jeremy 30 years ago. This is amazing. You have quite the style to you. Luke, you've been on this show before. I remember That. Yeah. I got on a month ago. Yeah. So remind us, what do you do for work? How long you been on? What do I do? I do valet. I drive people's cars for a living. And what was the other question? I was paying attention. How long you been doing standup? Oh, Four years. Very good. and you live here now? Yeah, I live here in Austin. I Love it.


Alright, well you were on a month ago. We had an interview then. Have you thought back at something that we might find interesting for your interview portion? Well, so the last guy Got the beat Up. I told you that I was like a cokehead and an alcoholic, but I'm sober now. And before the episode came out, I called my, I called my mother and told her all that. And like that was just the end of that. We, we didn't talk about it again. What do you mean? Oh, I just told her that I was a cokehead. 'cause I was worried that she was gonna see it. Oh, I thought she was pissed off. You quit. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's what it sounded like. Yeah. Okay. So that was the end of that. Yeah. Okay. It didn't really go anywhere.


Okay. I thought I was like doing a good thing, like I'm sober now, mom, I love you. And then she's like, okay. I couldn't, if I, if I ended Up being in a bathroom doing Cocaine with you. Yeah. That would be the literal Rock bottom of my life. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, look at you. I think you've done cocaine in a bathroom at me in Colorado. Have I? Have I done cocaine with you? You've done, you came to my local club and did it. Did I really? Yeah. Lewis Skanks, skanks Skanks. Snk Sks. Wow. sks. Wow. When Was this? How long ago was that?


Like A year, year or two ago? With third First. I haven't done cocaine In like three years. What question, which club was this? Looney's Comedy Corner. Colorado Springs. I've never been to Looney's Comedy. You were, you went there with Aaron Bergen, Zach To Berg. Is that a canon? I love that Lewis is trying to be like, no, I've never, couldn't possibly be. He is like, you did 17 minutes in 23 seconds. Your closing line was Thank you. Yeah. So I love that Lewis started by saying if I ever did cocaine with you, that was my rock bottom. And then he realized he didn't remember doing cocaine with him. This is Lewis's rock bottom right now.


Oh, Holy shit. Unbelievable. You literally can't make it up. That is amazing. Wow. What's the name of that comedy club? Looney's Comedy Corner. Where is that? It's in Colorado Springs. Wow. At That Colorado Springs where cocaine goes to die. Wow. Unbelievable. I've seen him eat another man's kidney stone. But doing coke with this guy in a bathroom in Colorado Springs at a place called the Loony Corner. Really is That is unbelievable that this has been revealed.


Live technically in front of millions of people. Breaking news. Lewis has hit rock bottom and survived years ago. We're finding out in real time thriving. Hit rock bottom, didn't realize it pressed forward Un unbelievable If a Puerto Rican hits rock bottom and no one's there to tell him, did it ever really happen? Yeah. Did you have that mustache that you didn't remember this guy with that mustache? Look, when I, when I do cocaine, I do a lot of crazy shit. don don't remember. I might've fucked this guy. I gotta be honest. Did this something to Hold onto? Do you remember more about that night?


Perhaps you can reveal to Lewis, who seems to not have much of a memory about, I mean, don Don't remember much from the night I was drinking like over a fifth a night for a long time. Wow, Jesus. Okay. Alright. We didn't have to make it sad. Jesus. Fuck. I was having a blast is the time of my life. Yeah. The mustache is puzzling me don don't know why I'm I'm, I'm obsessed with it. It is. Is the mustache wax you have in That Fuck? yeah. It's waxed. It is wild. I can kind of see why it would throw you off Big J because it appears to be the only part of his entire body that he takes care of. Yeah. It's like, but it doesn't look like it's thick enough to do. It looks like the hair around cat pussies after they piss.


It is very strange. It's like, It is absolutely incredible. You have quite the style. Luke Stam a very, very, very, very, very funny set. Congratulations and amazing appearance. Thank you. I Hey, I, I would love to have you on the Secret show. Thursday booked on a real show. It just happened. You saw it. All right. There he goes. Luke Sta you got a joke book last time. And he is off to the races. And now we continue our adventure into bucket land. Ladies and gentlemen, Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise to your next comedian Carly Anderson with an uninterrupted minute.


I am. I'm very socially awkward. It's, it's hard, especially in the bedroom. It's never a good time. The other day, this guy, I was giving him the Gluck luck 5,000, the optimist prime, if you will, sir. And he started dirty talking with me. He was like, yeah, how's that dick taste? Which first of all, don't ask, don't ask unless you really wanna know. Okay. And he wanted to know. So I thought I'd give him a restaurant review. Yeah. So I hit him with that Gordon Ramsey. I came up for air and I was like, no.


Too much cheddar back to the kitchen. And he blocked me. So that's it. All right. Thank you. All right. Charlie Anderson, you've been on this show before. Welcome back. Yeah. What's up? How's it going? It's Going good. Yeah. Did that really happen? Yeah, it did. Wow. It did. Yeah. And it really tasted cheddar or It did funny. No, it actually did. It tasted like those cheddar pretzels You guys ever had. Oh, Jesus. Yes. It Tasted delicious. One could say that. Yeah. It's more of a car ride snack.


Yeah. I only get combos on the road. Yeah. Less, less salty. More cheesy than I would've preferred Person. If there's ever cheese, and I'll say this as a guy, stop. Yeah. Don't make a little quirky joke up in his face. Sure. The payoff sounds great, but at the moment he should know there's an issue. Yeah. I mean, he found out just like in a not very nice way. Yeah. He's gotta stop You should be gone. Like as in Gogan Zola. And I need the number to the Utah suicide holler. It happens that quick Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going, you can catch me at the loony tune corner in Colorado Springs.


That's all it took is one gorgonzola cheese Dick joke from Tony's. That's my bottom line. You've seen, you've heard of Louis's Rock Bottom and you've seen my rock bottom here tonight. Carly, you have an, it seems you seem like the kind of girl that would've an active sex life. You tried to, you tried to, you talk about sucking too. It's actually so flattering have for me personally. You have, I remember you kind of laying it on thick. Who was it? Theo Vn or something, right? Oh yeah, no, I'll, I'll never live that down actually. Right. People haunt me with that one. Yeah, It's happening right now. Yeah. Thank you. I I have a boyfriend now though, so it's just one guy. That's Nice. Did you settle down with this guy? He's, he's great. He's, he's awesome.


We have very similar interests and like what Sucking Dick say, can we guess, can we guess what the interests are? Yeah, Let's guess. Oh, finding old books. No, not shaving each other's armpits. No, I'm kidding. They're shaved. I promise. But no, he, he Also saw the hairs on her armpits stand up when the joke went cut. She knew she was going for it. Yeah. But he, he does stand up as well. So we kind of just bonded through that. Oh, it's gonna work out. Yeah, No, it always does. Right. Are he jokes as cheesy as his cock? No, no. He was not the cheddar one.


He's, he's a clean gentleman. Oh, okay. You You called that guy your cheddar bay. Whoa. Let's kill ourselves together. Yeah, That was good. My. goodness. These cheese dick jokes are rough. Was He on circumcised or something that kind Of No, he wasn't. That's what's so surprising. Cheesy dick. Just sweaty and gross. Did you just pull it out like aggressively and he came back from the gym or something? No, I mean, it was like a late night. So I don't know if it was just a lot of dancing on the dancing floor or something. What? But You guys were dancing on the dance. Dancing. No, it just was a late night. So I feel like maybe You assume he was probably dancing before he got home.


I'm just looking for, We're doing dancing all night. I'm looking for an explanation. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. Carly, what do you do for work? I am a stripper. Oh wow. Look at, wow. That was very quick. Red band knew that somehow. Yeah. Red band. It's Almost finger lingering over the cherry pie button. It's Almost, Where have you seen this young lady out there? Little look who's playing a little hide and seek over here? It's almost like he subscribes to the OnlyFans or something. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Man. You're on OnlyFans. I am. Yeah. What types of things do you do on OnlyFans? Not enough You know pictures.


Whoa, whoa. Shit. A stripper is a funny thing to be when you start by saying I'm socially awkward. Like, oh. Which I goes, I'm sorry. He goes, I'm weird about meeting people. I Don't make, I don't make very good money with my personality, to be honest with you. Sorry if I'm weird with conversation. Split gash. Sorry. No, Mike, everything Important's down here. Oh God. Yeah. I'm very bad at the job. So what's on your only fans? What's, what's the type of content that you have?


This could be a huge money making opportunity you Right now. Okay. A Lot, lot, a lot of young men are watching this show right now. Mostly Poop stuff. I'm asking for a friend. I do customs if you're, if you're wondering. No, I do a lot of pole dancing videos. I, I take a lot of pride in that. It's actually very hard. And most You guys, by the way, guys hate pole dancing. Hate. We don't give a shit at all about it. Oh, Okay. Yeah. We just want you to lie on the floor and cry and Oh, okay. Yeah. If you could, while you're getting naked or ddo on yourself, say things like, I have to do this to get my kids back from the government.


I, I don't, I don't show my vagina on OnlyFans. I won't do that. No. Somewhere in the back her dad was clapping. I just, yeah. I just lost all future subscribers. Awesome. Yeah. No, I don't, I don't show my vagina. But you might one day subscribe and we'll see. Yeah. Do You hate money or what's the craziest, I do Craziest thing you've done on your old fans. Like what, what's the one where you're like, okay, I'll do, I'll go to this next level and we'll see how much money I I I had one guy, maybe like a year ago that paid me to get on like a Zoom call with him and I just watched him jerk off in like a Zoom meeting.


Wow. Yeah. It was Skype by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, My. goodness. Yeah. And it was, it was small by the way too. Wow. Did You just watch, you just watch? Or did you No, I just watched. Did I just watch? Didn't say anything. No. I just watched and was like, nice man. How, how was is that good for you? Or That is so interesting to me. I I don not understand what the what the what the, what The appeal is. Right. don don't get it. It's weird. I Why would you watching that make him excited?


How lonely was his name? Will Eck by any chance He's going through something. No, no. His name was Brian. Redban. There. you go There, you go, there's no vagina. You might like it. Tony. Oh, My goodness. That's right. That is true. Red band. Red band. Settle down. Settle down. Settle down. All right. Wow.


I've got a strap on if you want me to put it on for you. Tony, Tony, My, God. What is happened? How much would that cost exactly For you? Two grand. Whoa. All right. Yeah. Good news is you're going to a Spurs game with a lonely boy, lonely boy. Obviously I would love to have you on the Secret Show Thursday. Oh Great. Obviously I would love to have you on this secret show. Great. Alright, Carly, great stuff. You already have a joke book you're doing? Yeah, I do. You just made a bunch of money on only fans. Cool. Congratulations.


Thank you. So she goes Carly Anderson, everybody vagina Less only fans. What a dream. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, we've come to that time to where it is indeed time for a regular, a brand new minute from somebody that you have watched absolutely thrive. One of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. Mix Noise with the great and powerful Cam Patterson. Everybody.


I love you too, white bitch. This is good. I was just in red in Pennsylvania. That place is terrible. Don't woo for that. Don't woo for that. That place is God awful, nigga. I hate that place so much. It reminded me like if the Civil War went through there and they were like, we don't gotta build no more, it was over. They stopped building that place was terrible. That joke didn't go well. All right. Next joke. I seen the, I missed now listen, I know I talked about one the fuck I missed last time. And I really, I really did. I went to fuck one for real. I really wanted to. And then I, I went up close. I went to like an Amish farm for real. And I'm gonna tell you something. They ugly as fuck. They hideous dog. They all look like they inbred. It didn't, it wasn't, it didn't look good at all. It was pretty terrible.


The Amish guy that was doing this, like the, he was taking us on the tour. He, the only other black guy that was on the tour with was Marshawn Lynch. And he kept calling him OJ Simpson for some reason. And that was fucking crazy. And I asked him, I said, Hey man, have they, have they met any other, any other black people here that's been like Amish? And then he just went, well a girl got raped once. Ah, that wasn't answer all we looking for at all. Well that was lackluster. I'm done. Cam Patterson with another new minute out there doing the road middle of Pennsylvania.


I missed that shit. FaceTime from you on Saturday night. Yeah, I was on the field at a Longhorns game. It was an absolute fucking blast. My first one gonna be doing that a lot. Hell yeah. And missed a shit ton of phone calls. One of them the rare FaceTime from Cam Patterson. And then I make it to my messages and there's tons of pictures with you and everybody dressed up as Amish people. What, what went down? Exactly? We haven't gotten a catch up since Then. We, we went to a, we went to like arm farm for real. Went there and we seen Amish now like, I wanna dress like one for the show tonight. So I did, but Jolly kept calling us Pilgrims and that's not the same thing at all. Like, nigga, we pilgrims now and don don't think that's it at all.


And the funny thing was, we dressed as the Amish and everybody did it. Everybody did Jet ski or Hans. We all just Amish and me and Jolly, we just looked like slaves. So that wasn't, that didn't look, that wasn't a good look at all. We looked kind of terrible. I was like, wait, wait a fuck it minute dog. So fuck it. Don't do that Red man. Don't fucking do that. It was bad. It was not. It didn't, it, it wasn't a good look for us as a group, as a community. It would look really bad. It is true. You guys looked slave ask Indeed. Yeah, we did. And then I saw Jet Ski Johnson in the picture and I'm like, oh, okay. They must be all right. Yeah, it still Good. But You guys went all Amish for that. Yeah. Did it go over with the crowd? They Liked it. They fuck with it. Yeah, because they they right by the Amish and shit.


Yeah. It's kind of crazy though. They just like living, they lives it like fucking retards. It's pretty crazy. Yeah. We don't learn electricity. That's fucking stupid dog. Yeah. The the, the dude like, what's that look? He kept calling my phone a magic box that was gay. I was pretty stupid. He kept calling it that. I was like, this guy's retarded dog. Oh yeah. This is pretty dumb. I hate the Amish now dog. And they'll never see this. Who gives a fuck You. know what I'm saying? That Is true. They don't have fun. That is true. You can make fun of the Amish all you want. It's the only group of people that cannot cancel you. They will never see it. They can't, they'll never know. Fuck 'em. No idea. Yeah. Fuck the Amish man. They are ugly as fuck.


You notice that? They ugly as shit. It is true. Famously ugly. They Ugly as fuck smell. You ever seen Kingpin? What that is? It's a, it's a great, let me explain exactly what that is. That it's a one of the funniest, most underrated movies of all time. Oh, oh, The Farley Brothers, Woody Harrelson, bill Murray. It's a bowling movie, but it's largely shaped around the Amish community and how ugly the people are. Nah, they look terrible. And the men frightening group of people. Yeah, They look horrible dog. It's pretty crazy. Yeah. Hey, why y'all just bring a beautiful white bitch out to kiss these fucking retards dog?


Why can I kiss a beautiful white bitch? That made me upset. I thought about that for a second. You need it on the show as well, huh? The rest of your life? Oh No, not really. Time Isn't good enough. No, no, not really. I just want to say that. No, I know. Fuck. I know. Damn. I really, you look like Puffy's mugshot. Don't do that. Don't do that. Wait a minute. Do not do that. Do not do I do not own baby oil. Leave me alone. No, I'm cutting my hair off. It's over. No, it's good. Would you, what's the craziest party you've ever been to? You've been invited to some wild things, right? That part I went to had got shot up.


A nigga died. Oh. Ah, well, Okie dokie. It's a tricky show. You know exactly what answers you're going to get. All of a Sudden. I think you knew I was gonna say that somebody died. The last part I went to. It was funny too because I ded a killer up before he did it. The Wait what? I ded him up before he killed a guy. Yeah, You ded up the killer. Yeah. Okay. Who was on the same basketball team? That's sounds like a racial stereotype. Oh No, no, no. He was white. He was white. He Was white Shooter. Was white shooter? Yeah. Oh, wow. It must have been a what, like a rifle? Nah, He was Was your party in a school?


Was it weird seeing a guy shoot somebody properly holding the gun? You must have. All You guys must have been like, why is he holding it sideways? Big J what do you think about all this chaos? Why come you as an Amish country? What, what, why, why come you was in Amish country? This How I sound to people. What why am you was, What are you trying to say to me right Now in Amish country Lewis?


How do I tell him? He wants to know what you would be doing in the Amish country. Oh, baking soda. Well, no, before, before I went I was, I was trying to find one to fuck and then, oh, and then I seen him. I was like, don don't wanna fuck none of these bitch. No, no, no. Not even for the story on that one. Nah, Not even. It wouldn't have been a good time. No, you'll never, those sense memories will last forever. I will tell you it was one of 'em. It was one of 'em. She was like, she had did like run springer some shit and she'll run it like the whole, what she had did run Springer. Like Run what? Run Sprinkler springers where they get to go do whatever they want. Yeah, they let, they let 'em, they let 'em leave and figure out where the world is and they come back. They cool.


Oh, but this bitch left. And then she just, just kept le she was gone. She was just gone. But if she came back to start like the little, the bucket shit that we did and she had a fat ass. So I see why she left You. know what I'm Saying? Okay. Nope. All right. An Amish girl with a fat ass. Yeah, that's what happens. Lugging wood around and building barns and stuff. Homemade butter. Yeah, absolutely. Wow. So you were in Redding, Pennsylvania. Where else? In To Virginia? Yeah, Virginia. Yeah, Richmond.


Okay. Yeah, we was in Richmond. Were Martin's parents there by any chance? They're from Richmond. They're from Virginia. For real? Which part? Yeah. Oh, I ain't see that. Didn't I? Ain't somebody walk around like this ain't, Ain't Nobody like that in this suit. Y'all did not. Amazing. Amazing. That shit Funny. What else is going on? We're ramping up for Vegas this week. Hell yeah. Excited about that. Yeah, I'm excited. That's gonna be fun. What do you like to do in Vegas? I don't do shit man. I, I like to watch my grandma gamble 'cause she give me her winner and shit. Every time my grandma wins she gimme the money. So I be like, I like that shit. That shit be cool.


What that? Every time my grandma win and she gamble in Vegas, she gimme the money and shit. How dare You? How dare you disrespect the woman who I'm assuming raised him. She did. You not wrong brother. These people know Noahs know what be being y'all ain't, y'all ain't even fucking be knowing shit. No Cap I on Steve.


Nigga. You ever do an impression of like how white people talk? What would that sound like if you did that? Yes. Get us back. Strike us down with your dark energies. Hello brother. What the fuck? I said hello? A fellow white man. Here's a 25% tip. See Cam Patterson the legend. We love him You know him. He did it again. Another new minute, another great interview. Pure charisma, star power.


It's all going down.


Hey y'all. This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. They are the all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it so incredibly easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content, to time all in one place. All on your terms. Red band, Tony, I love Squarespace. It's by far the best website designer out there. Start a completely personalized website with the new guided design system from Squarespace Blueprint. Choose from professionally curated layout and styling options to build a unique presence from the ground up, tailored to your brand or business. And optimize for every device. Easily launch your website and get discovered fast with integrated, optimized SEO tools so you show up more often to more people and grow the way You want. That's right red band. Make checkout seamless for your customers with simple but powerful payment tools accepts credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay and ineligible countries offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with Afterpay and Clear Pay Kickstarter. Update written content on any website, product description, or email with Squarespace AI generating instant personalized results that no one show your brand identity. Explain what your, what your site is about. Choose your tone and enter what you need to get short or long form text no matter the placement. Squarespace AI makes it easier to go live standout and succeed online. So head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash koni to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. I Meant. Those blackout motorized Shades blind.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy. I installed these and then got some from my mom. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall Of Fame Sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Blinds.com is the goat shop Blinds.com right now and Get up to 45% off select styles, rules, and restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by United Airlines. When you wanna make the most of your vacation book With United, they're an airline that cares about your travels as much as you do. United is transforming the flying experience with Bluetooth connectivity. Screens power at every seat and bigger overhead bins to help fit everyone's bag. And with their app, you can skip the bag. Check line, get live updates and more. Change the way you fly. Book your next trip today@united.com.


Alright, we back to the bucket we go You, guys, still having fun out there. Here we go. Make some noise for your next comedian. 60 seconds from the boy. Cheech the boy. Yeah. Fucking. So I've been to so many me festivals and I'm telling you this, I've done so many whippets. I have gained control of my mustache hairs. Guys. I am Dr. Berg up this bitch.


Yeah. So anyway, anyway. Anyway. Shut the fuck up. Let me get through my fucking set anyway. Ooh. Anyway. So here's an impersonation for you. So this is fucking Hell's Kitchen. If Smeal was Gordon Ramsey, I brought the TERs for you Sir.


TERs, what do you, what these ts for you, sir. All right. The bear was eager to come out on that one. Ya boy Che. When ya boy is written into the actual name of the character, you can almost tell, right? It's almost like, well, they'll like this because like I'm telling them that I'm their boy, but nobody I think wants to claim you. Cheech. I know. Here you are. Wow. That's as bad as it gets. If you're wondering, you were, you lost place of your set. You didn't know what to do next. So you started repeating back noises and things that you were hearing from the crowd.


Yeah. No, it was bad. It Was horrible. You panicked, just scrambled there. Totally. Yes, Absolutely. How long you been doing standup for? You believe Teach No. Three years. Where? At Shut. So for the past 11 months I've been going city to city. City to city. Yes. Okay. And yeah, I panicked. Yeah, For sure. So when you go city to city, who's booking these shows? How are you? No, no. I've been doing open mics. Well, well why would you do open mic City to city instead of just staying in one place and doing an open mic that's just as open as all the other mics? Because I've, I've had a hard life and I wanted to fulfill like my dream again.


'cause I was a musician beforehand. Yeah, dude, you rule, and I'm gonna tell you why I'm saying that. This guy's got Kai, the fucking hatchet guy vibes. And he's gonna come for us one by one. He's gonna be X-ing off our faces in a picture that the four of us took together backstage. And he's, you hear that? Whoa. Whoa. Now I'm good at reading people, dude. That's why you're great math dude. You fucking rule. Thanks dude. Thank you so much. Yeah, boy Cheech. Let's talk about it. You made a real point to say that you had a hard life. I'm interested to hear, explain to us what was so hard about your life Growing up.


Very poor. You're gonna have to do better than That. My, my dad Harris, my dad. My dad was a drug addict. I was raised in a lower middle class family and Yeah, You could do better than poor. What's so hard about your life? Abuse. Yeah. What kind? My dad was a drug addict and a very hard drinker. Okay. So and so like he would come home and Yeah, he would. Ew. Did he hit you? Or fuck you too. It, Yeah, I know, but the pauses are long. The Pauses are long. The Pauses are long. But yeah, my dad would come home and I would have to hide my brothers from like my dad.


And what Was he doing to You guys? Oh, just Hitting. Oh, thank God. We thought he was fucking you. No, you're fine. Oh, No, no, no. That was somebody else. So closed fist hitting. Yeah. Were You guys misbehaving or something like that? Or was he just coming in angry? It it your fault, maybe Someone would think that it was misbehaving. Like I mean, if you act for him. Yeah, exactly. Like, I mean, what was going on? Have to have punchlines. Your dumb piece of shit. Nah dad, you can just crazy giggle your way through it.


That's what your mother said before I put her six feet down. Money is this funny. So let's jump into it. Was your mom there or did your mom help raise You? Oh yeah, she was there. But You know when everything's tough. You know. You can, How long did she stay with your dad? The whole time Until I was 14. And then she married someone else. She just went straight from your dad, right? And marry. Yeah. There was someone else who was abusive. Oh, My. goodness gracious. Oh yeah, I know. She'll talk about after that. After you became an adult and you had a choice to either be a victim your entire life or thrive. Oh dude, I've, I've lived my life.


Okay, tell us about that. I, I was doing music. What were you doing? Music. I did metal. What Did you do with metal? I did metal music. No, don't. Red band. What did you do with metal? Yeah. No, it's fucking Can I, no, I did metal. Listen to me over here. Listen to me. Yes. I'm looking. What did you do with metal music? Oh, I, I was a vocalist. Like Oh, Like fucking death Core Death Core Grind corps. Okay. I'm just gonna get rid of you and you can sign up again some other time. don don't like the vibes of this thing at all. It's all weird.


It's okay. Sign up again next time. Prepare. Take your time. Three years of experience. Dude, You're the shit man. You, you're so fucking cool. That guy Rules. Am I? We're gonna keep it moving along your next bucket poll makes some noise for Selena VAAs. Selena VAAs. What the fuck is up Texas? I'm a Mexican from Alabama. That doesn't speak Spanish. Let's fucking go. Hell yeah. I wore the shirt. So You guys would pay attention to me as a bigger girl.


What I don't wear is though is animal print. I fucking refuse to wear animal print. And I'm gonna tell you why. If you're gonna wear animal print, let's not be the same size as the animal that you're wearing. Super fucking confusing. I live in Florida. Fuck Florida. Hell yeah. I fucking hate Disney though. I hate Disney so much. And it's not because of all the gay shit. I hate Disney because of the cultural misguidance in their fucking movies.


Right. I'm a Mexican. We should have been the Little Mermaid. She shouldn't have been black. We're the original Wetbacks motherfuckers. Thank You guys. So Hell yeah. Selena Vibi. Am I saying that right? Ubi like Mexican? Yeah. Okay. Ubi. Ubi. Yep. That makes sense. Yeah. Okay, great. Yeah. Welcome. Welcome. Thank You so much. I've How Long you been doing standup? I have been Doing standup for a year and six months now. Fantastic. Yeah. I love it. Thank You. Where at? In Melbourne, Florida. Okay. Yeah.


Wow. I didn't realize the panhandle was a frying panhandle. That's where the first ever KILL. TONY regular Kim Cog is from. That's her hometown. That is correct. Oh wow. Yeah. Look at that. Kim Congdon and the Fat version of her. Amazing. What do you do for work, Selena? I Give facials for a living actually. Wow. Yeah. Look at that. A squirter. Nice. It's not an OnlyFans. Not an OnlyFans. I'm a licensed aesthetician. So Skincare Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. I love it. Very funny. I love the self-deprecating stuff. Hell yeah. Very good.


Thank You. Amazing. Tell us more about your life. What have you been doing? You know, just, I'm trying to get my green card. So I'm dating a white dude with autism. So Wait, you're really not an American citizen? No, I'm just fucking with you. I am. Hell yeah. Okay. I love Trump. I'd suck his dick like there was ozempic in it for sure. Okay. Wow. This is something we can agree on. Amazing stuff. Yeah, That's you just like him. 'cause he can't build a wall big enough for you. And if he did you would bust through it like the Kool-Aid guy anyway.


Yeah. Trump's wall hates to see me coming. There's no way. It doesn't stand a Chance. That's right. That's right. and you look like you've been eating some cats and some dogs is well, Oh, Fuck. yeah. Oh, My God red pan. Cody, I, I wanna say she a year and a half. You have a, a great stage presence. Great confidence. Thank you. Like seriously, like I very impressed. Thank you so much. Thank You. It really is. Thank You. What Jay? She has nice tense. Leave me alone. No, no, no. I'm not saying that. It was just, that was such a, a guilty feeling. It was like, like, hey you're fat. But seriously you have no, she really does that.


I should say. Yes. We don't just trash them, I think. Thank you. They're natural. Thank you so much. I I appreciate it. That is amazing. They are natural. I can't afford fake tets so I ate my way here. That's amazing. Yeah. I love it. What are, what are some of your foods of choice? How do you get there? Honestly, mac and cheese is the shit, dude. Wow. Look at that red band. Oh yeah. Red band's about to invite you to the secret show on Thursday. You keep talking about mac and cheese like that. You're about to make it girl. Yeah. Yeah.


I love it. Mac and cheese. Yeah. Amazing craft. Mac and cheese powder. Shit. Fuck. Oh damn. Hell yeah. That is Garbage. Yeah. Yeah. You know you're a fat ass when that shit's good to you. You're, What's your love life like? What kind of guys are you into? What'd you say? I'm so Sorry. What kind of guys are you into? White dudes with autism. That dude Juujitsu. That's my shit. Yeah. Whoa. Fuck. yeah, that's what I'm into Pacific. Wow. Two outta three My. goodness. So close. Amazing. and you found a white dude, Autistic. I sure as fuck did. Who is white bald, does jujitsu and has severe autism.


Severe. What kind of autism is it? Like what's his, what are like He's almost nonverbal. Autistic. Yeah. Oh yeah. And you and you just trained him to fuck. Exactly. Precisely. Wow. Can you legally teach jujitsu to someone with retard strength? Yeah. That is dangerous. Does he have any special moves in the bedroom that you adore this autistic chi To? Yeah, he likes to put me in like an arm bar when he is fucking me and I'm kind of into it honestly. Nice. I like That. Does he count? Does he count every pussy lick? Eh, one, two, eh three, eh four.


You're 62 comes. That is amazing. Selena, what else? Do you have any hobbies or anything like that? Hobbies? I like to steal from Walmart. Whoa. Yeah. Fuck. yeah. Fuck Walmart. Which department? I know it's not the produce department. What are you, what are you targeting at Walmart? Exactly. No. Yeah, I got arrested for stealing from Walmart 'cause I stole the movie Mid Somar on Blu-Ray. DVD. Whoa. So yeah, I got arrested for that. And then they found a baby pool under your jacket. No one laughed. 'cause it was fat on fat crime. Yeah, Exactly.


I apologize. It's fine. Honestly. Did you ever get around to watching that movie? No, actually I did not. I still haven't seen it. I need to watch it. It's a great movie. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Very, very interesting. Selino. So what are some of your goals? You've been doing it a year and a half. You just had a great set here. Thank you. What's next for you? I just wanna be a fucking comedian dude. I wanna make people laugh. I love it. This shit was so sick and feels fucking great. Today's my birthday too. Did Whoa, look at that. Wow.


Wow. Yeah. My 26th birthday. Excuse for you to eat cake. Happy, happy birthday. Thank you. I appreciate it. You're absolutely amazing, Selena. Thank you. I think you have a great future in this if you keep writing jokes like that. Thank you. I appreciate it. There's a big joke. Buck The, KILL TONY debut of Selena. You bias Ladies and gentlemen. It's interesting. Her name was Selena. 'cause I thought she was the woman who killed Selena. No, the only shot she took are of insulin.


We are in pure Mexican mode. Ladies and gentlemen. Your next bucket Poll 60 seconds uninterrupted by the name of Hector Ententes. Hector Ententes. I am bilingual. Lemme tell y'all something. When you're bilingual, you're never gonna be perfect at, at either language. The other day, the homie, he was like, look at that guy with the glasses and the beard. That's your doppelganger. I was like, Hey bro. don, don't be doing that bro. Hold up. Hey. He was like, now I see your lookalike. I was like, bro, lookalike. Three syllables. A doppelganger, four syllables, unnecessarily freaky ass word. I was in New York, two dudes arguing.


Only place where this kind of happens. One of them was like, Charlie, you're being anti-Semitic. And I was like, damn, that couldn't be me. don. Don't retain those Semens. But yeah, yeah. Hold on, hold on. Check if y'all know, if y'all know Singing with me. Money on the dresser. Driver. A compressor, top notch hose. Get the most, not the lesser. I just learned a compressor was a Mercedes. I thought it was a bro. Like that's my time. Thank y'all so much. Hector Ententes. Hector. How are you my friend?


I'm good Man. I'm Good. How long you been doing standup? It's been Seven years, man. Wow. I started here like in, in Austin, San Marcos. Austin. Austin, Yeah. Okay. San Marcos is a different city, but yeah, that counts seven years. How old are you? I'm 30 years old, man. 30 Started at 23. Very good. What do you do for work? I'm in advertising. I work at an ad agency. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Advertising. And I'm picking up on some urban and like a kind of an urban, I'm from Dallas baby. Yeah. Triple D. Yeah. Originally from Dallas. Yes sir. Yes. Okay. and you hang out with black people? No. Mexicans. Okay. Nah, nah. Everybody man, I'm from, I'm from, I went to Duncanville High School. It was all blacks, Mexicans.


We used to fight each other after school. All that. It's cool. Were you fighting over the battle of who's gonna talk? Like who? And they won. That's kind of the point that I'm getting at is that it seems like you took some of those traits from them. Did they, did you, did they beat that into you or, I been jumped. Yeah. Tell us about that. Did your glasses break? I didn't, I didn't have glasses back then, but I remember I was like 15 and after school. And if y'all know about this in Dallas it was, and the black people and Mexican people, they used to fight after school.


And I never was involved with any of that. I was a nerd. But then you, you would get caught up in the mess. So boom, boom, boom. Yep. You was getting beat up by Mexicans and blacks. You also have a scar on your forehead. You're like the Mexican Harry Potter. You really are. Yeah, I, yeah, sorry. I was often in Dusseldorf when You guys were having that big turf war. Dusseldorf. I've, I've always started watching Harry Potter. I never finished it, bro. I've never, yeah, so Don't say in front of Louis. He's read the entire book series three times. That's right. Oh, cool. Cool, Cool, cool. Amazing. What are you, what else are you into in life? Tell us something interesting about you.


Man. I'm, I'm a I I just have my show this Saturday in Dallas and it's sold out, man. Yeah, that's pretty much it. That's Cool. How about you tell us something fucking interesting that we Oh, I'm, yeah. You know I'm right now. I played Do you, do you Hufflepuff weed? Nah, I don don don't. I'm Supposed to see, you're about to say something interesting there. You played a what? No, no. I played, I played soccer. No, but I, I was gonna say that I, I'm, I'm going to Mexico to help pick up the, the crops that we farmed like beans. Wait a second. Hold on. Full stop. Durango, You are going to Mexico to help them pick beans. Yeah. Yeah.


Yes. Is that what you just said? It's called Like cocha, like you farm. It rained in July and then now there it is about to get be that season where you, They are taking Why you have to go Do it. Wait, you're telling me our economy is so bad. Bet Americans are going to Mexico to pick beans. I come from farmers, man. Do you think Mexicans say that we're taking their jobs when that happens? This is all news to me. I cannot, and of all the things to be picking beans sounds racist as Did you listen to some like old racist white guy? He was like, go back to Mexico and pick the beans. I was like, yeah, there's money there. Like I'm going torano bro. Durango. But yeah, I mean we're, it's it's it rain.


It doesn't rain there. Did the Horton players tell me what the fuck he just said. Dur Is hor chatto. Is that the male Rero and double bullet Belts? It's northern Mexico and I come from farmers, You know and, and cowboys. Northern Mexico. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Southern Texas. Texas Picking beans. You Come from cowboys, but you're not a cowboy. You went to a gang land warfare high school and nerded your way out of it. What were you involved in? I was a class president, bro class. Wow. You were the class President. They, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dude, you keep studying like this and one day you could pick beans In Mexico, They pay you for that.


No. Nah. It's my, you're Doing it for free. It's my family's. It's like my grandpa's old. What Do you tell the ad agents agency you work at? Nah, I mean you just PTO baby. I need a little, I need a little r and r picking beans in Mexico. That's the most Mexican thing I've ever heard somebody. It is exactly My point is that my mind is blown at these stereotype. I'm failed to work. Yeah man. It's just, it's helping the family out With your paid time off. You're going to Mexico to pick beans. I could do remote. I could do, yeah, I can do You. know what I'm saying? Unbelievable. Can you just send your family some money so they don't have to pick beans with you?


Say get somebody else. Pick the beans. You Know what? Like really it's not even about like the money. It's kind of by about like the, it's About the lump of the game. Yeah. Really? Yeah. For Real. Your long-term passion for bean picking. Understood. Apologies. It Looked, it's for the Instagram pick because if bro, y'all on a tractor with some boots. Wow. Shorty's like that shit. It was one lady being nice. Alright. Yeah. Does your whole family go and pick beans? I've never heard of anything like this before. It's something that you do annually. Well, it, see, it hadn't rained in two years and they, this July it rained a lot in northern Mexico.


So now it, it's, it's beautiful out there. So yeah. Wow. Except the Cartels been, been burned in Austin. It hasn't, It hasn't been raining there. So they've been dry backs for the last two years. Dude. I'm saying 90% of this guy's a drug mule. No. Whoa. I don't speak Yiddish. Whoa. I'm not that kind of Jewish. What is going on? I, we don't know what j ah shit, what I, I I, I'm, I really didn't know what anti-Semitic was. And I, I feel like there's not a lot of j Jewish community here, so I've been learning more.


But yeah, I just, I didn't know I was being offensive with that material to some people, but I still did it tonight. And the Fuck. Yeah. It's limited Jews here. Yeah. Yeah. Well So Tony, he's trying to, he's trying to save your monetization on YouTube right now. Yeah. No, it's incredible. It's incredible. They do disproportionately control the beans if You. know what I mean? But that's from the vaudeville days.


Tony. I love the stitching on that vest. It is, it is wonderful. Thank you. Thank you. It was done by your people. So that's amazing. When they're not picking beans, they know how to sew these motherfuckers. Absolutely incredible. Very, very interesting interview. The set was okay, right? Thank You. But here, here's a big joke, right? There. you go Appreciate it Man. Hector si. Fuentes Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna keep it moving along here. Put that mic stand back where you got it from there. There you go. Perfect. Okay, we're gonna keep it moving along. There goes Hector, there's Heidi.


Alright, your next comedian doing 60 seconds Uninterrupt. It goes by the name of Connor Laughin. Everybody Here comes Connor. Hey. Hey I. don know if You guys can tell I'm a mustache, but I've been a musician for 17 years as a musician. I gotta say I love what heroin's done for music. Hate what it's done for. Taking a nap in the car. Like maybe I'm just tired in this Walmart parking lot. Dude. Not everything's a tragedy. I'm sick of being woken up with Narcan. You see me asleep in my car and you open the door and hear the Lord of the Ring soundtrack. It means I OD'ed on weed.


Leave me alone if you, Alison chains made me go ahead and save me. I'm the man with no cock. All right, let's never tried heroin. I tell people that and they're like, really? And that hurts my feelings. Turns out my vibe is has tried heroin. They're like, they're like close though. 'cause I have tried meth just once. You shouldn't do meth, but if you have to, once is the best number of times.


I'm Connor Lakin. Thanks guys. There, you go Connor. Offering everybody. Yeah, it went all right. Hi Connor. This is your first time on the show. Oh, D. Madness is back. Everybody. Yeah. He had to go to Africa to pick cotton. He's back doing this ultra weirdly. Going back to where you came from to do what you do. Episode. Nice. You had to be here for the last guy. Connor, this is your first time here, right? Yeah, man. Okay. By the looks of your face, I'm guessing you've had a hell of a life. So let's just jump right into it. Let's Get after. How long have you been doing standup? Six years. Where At? Cincinnati, Ohio. Ooh, Cincinnati, Ohio.


What do you do for work there? Audio visual, like production shit. What is there to do with audio visual in Cincinnati, Ohio? Not a ton. That's why I moved here. So now you live here? Yes, indeed. How long have you lived here? Two weeks. Okay. What's your living situation? I have an apartment in Travis Heights. Okay, by yourself? Yeah. One bedroom. Oh, My. goodness. So how are you affording that you saved up money? I Got, I work for the AB department at one of the hotels downtown. Nice. Yeah. Cool. What else about you, Connor? You've been doing this six years in Cincinnati. Now you live in the new comedy capital of the world. Yeah. What's your plan of attack here? Get after it as much as possible. Right. Actually fun fact for Cincinnati at the Liberty Funny Bone, my first guest spot ever was for this guy right here.


Big. Jay. Oakerson. Wow. Look at that. That was Liberty. Did you do cocaine with him in the Green Room? Say Yes. I asked him a couple times and he was annoyed about it. Pu Pussy. Pussy. Liberty. Liberty, Ohio. Sorry. Liberty, Ohio. Is that right? Yes, sir. The very same. Oh yeah. Yeah. It was the shit. How long have you Had a de debilitating alcohol problem? Whoa. On the nose, Ear ears get weird. I've no, I I actually kind of got on top of it before coming here. I was like, don don't need that too.


So like, financially it would be a nightmare. So I'm, I've been not boozing just in chance in case I get on this show. So There, you go and here you are. So you've seen this show before. Connor You know how it works. Yes sir. You're in that interview part where You know if you give us something interesting about your life, it would be what makes you different. I can play the guitar like a motherfucker. Can you really? Yeah. Like a motherfucker. Like a motherfucker. Well we have a KILL TONY guitar. Can we get that thing started to plugged in? Yes. We don't have it now. What does that mean? Why would you say that? Because he left it At home. Is that true? Is that true? Matt? Why don't we leave it here? Since it's the guitar for the show.


There. you go Jesus Christ. If I may, Mr. Muleing, I promise I'll play it better than any bucket poll that's ever come on this show. Wow. He's guaranteeing and with no hesitate. I've never seen Matt so eager to share his No, I'm not. This is absolutely unbelievable. I just, I Just owe everybody because I'm, here's the though. Connor has been practicing deep in the dark, dark depressing hole of Cincinnati, Ohio. Yeah. Boy. Not to be confused with any of the other cities in Ohio. Cincinnati is an absolute depressing death trap of sadness. It's a bitch. Go Bananas is cool. But I got, but I got banned.


Wow. How'd you get banned from Go Bananas? It was a disagreement between me and management. They thought none of their walls, there should have holes in them. And I was like, there's the one should have a hole punched in it. Yeah. That never like that. That what? Do you mind if I adjust your strap, Matt? Yes. Thank you. Yeah. Oh well. Too late. He did it. I'm gonna play it like a Connor. Everyone's watching. Nice. Are you gonna sing too? Is there anything that in particular? Oh shit. It landed on D. Madness. Can't even even catch a pick. So you gonna sing? I'll do some. Sing it boys. Let's do some blues and e. Whoa. He's calling out the cord.


Alright. Hey now keep coming. I'm with All Legion And you not They're gonna tell you who controls the Wow.


Ladies and gentlemen. Good Lord Almighty. Yeah, buddy. Big J. I'm sorry about the strap man. Can I say something dude? Yeah. This light right here, the way it was cascading, I can see four to six pints of spit firing right onto that guy's face. Oh yeah. You had to babysit the Blues and I mean, hosing him down like A fool. Guys, give it up for my boyfriend. Well, he is now. 'cause if you got it, he does too. That was awesome. Thank you Dude.


Thank you. Connor Laughin. Here it is. Back to Papa. It goes. So Connor, how do you feel right now? A little fat. A little gay. Why? You say why? Yeah. I'm just hosting a show, buddy. There's no no reason for the why. don. Don't think anyone's ever asked me that before. Believe it or not, an 11 and a half year history never gotten a why. It was, it was a chance. That's a good chance. You're in it. You're in it. Yeah. Buddy Connor, gimme one more fun fact about your life.


I should get you outta here on the big guitar solo, but Convicted felon. There we go. There we go. There we go. And what was the charge there? It was drugs. It wasn't one of the bad ones. I'm cool. I was You know Marijuana. No. What? I Know how Ohio can be the state Highway patrol. They famously stiff. It was cocaine and it wasn't even mine. I know we all say that. Yeah, it was mine. Thank you. No, I was getting a ride from a friend of mine after like leaving the Liberty Funny Bone. And he got pulled over by a mall cop. Mall cop called the real cops.


Real cops searched the car and found a bag of cocaine. He gave a written statement to those cops saying that I gave him a bag to hide. I know. It's like I, wait, hold on. Let's just take it way back. Let's, he got pulled over by a mall cop and he pulled over and stopped. That's literally my bid. Like I'm betrayed. He pulled over for the mall cop. That guy's jurisdiction ends at Dillard's. Wow. Keep driving. We can beat this. Yeah, Absolutely. Amazing. Yeah. This guy, this guy. Fucking rolls Tony. Yeah. It's incredible. And you, if, if you can get to Vegas this weekend, we'll give you some spots on Skank Fest.


Whoa. Can I shake your hand? I'm a hundred percent doggie. Yeah. You're fucking awesome dude. You're, wow. Look who's going to Skank Fest this week? You just saw it happen. Live in real time. Here's the catch. You can only play guitar solos. Your comedy will not be showcased. Connor, congratulations. Welcome to The KILL TONY universe. He moved to Austin, Texas two weeks ago. Got up. We had a guy that landed here at 6:00 PM today. Will kin, he got on stage. This is incredible. What's happening. A land of opportunity. The American dream happening. Live in real time.


Your next comedian goes by the name of Andrew Packer. Everybody, here we go. We're flying through it. Andrew Packer. Here we go. Nice. Like to give You guys A beat just to take this in. I know it's a lot of face coming at you. Lot of sharp angles going on. Kind of like somebody strapped a triangle to a block that's, I can feel.


Some of you are wondering how I can look like Beavis and Butthead. How was it both? I know I, I got this haircut. I looked in the mirror. I was like, oh, we made a decision. I'm rolling with it though. I wanna play it to my advantage. I, I wanna start doing some gentle thievery around town. I just as a prank on the police sketch artist.


Wow. Incredible. You got me good the way you came out. I thought, holy shit, this guy's not ready for this. And I took the bait and fell for it. You made fun of yourself the whole time. Literally said everything that I was going to say about you. I have it down here. Face sharp angles B and BI have the notes. And then ding, ding, ding. You covered everything. Very rarely does that happen. You've left me with nothing to say to you. Alright, Great.


How long have you been doing standup comedy? About nine years. About Nine years. My. goodness. Wow. That is incredible. It seems like nine years. That was great. That was what a minute looks like if you've been working hard at it for nine years. Where have you been doing that? At? Toronto. Oh, you're Canadian. I'm Canadian. Oh, My. goodness. I was wondering what the thing was. That makes sense. God damn. You're like Canada's Theo Vaughn. Got it. You got a haircut and jokes. That's what's going on there. Absolutely. Interesting. What do you do for work, Andrew Parker. Now anything? Out of all the times I feel like I've asked somebody this I, this could really go any fucking way right now.


It could be anything. I'm just a full-time comedian. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Wow. Look at that. How about before that? What did you do before that? I used to sell coconut water. This is a cocaine heavy episode. Say coconut water or coke? No, no. Coconut water. Keeping people high traded. So that's what those I don know why they're being weird, but I'm being honest. Makes sense. I thought you said I sell coke in the water and I just accepted it. It's Canadian. Amazing stuff. So you still live in Toronto? Yeah. Yeah.


Yeah. There's no escaping there. Just got, I got my visa though, so I can come down here now. Okay. Which is anytime you want. How does that work exactly? I it pay the government a lot of money and then they let me in for three years. That's all the time I have. Wow. Yeah. Three years. And how do you plan on spending that all of it here in Austin? What's the, what's the move here? Just New York here. Back and forth and go see my wife again. Oh, you have a wife up in Canada and you did a, your hands were very far apart when you did that. Like she's a bigger girl. Not at all. Not Thing I suck The distances. I was looking at the map, like this triangle I have to do.


I see you went like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. How long have you been with your wife? For a year. But we've, we just got married a year ago, but we've been together for 13 years. 13 years. People cheering, a long relationship. Some long term dudes. Lot of very sad people's. Like yay. A long time with the same person. How exciting. Yes. Amazing. Some good Christians in the audience here tonight. So 13 years. And how do you keep things exciting? 13 years with the same exact woman? Explain to us how you do that. I mean for, you gotta find an awesome person to begin with.


Okay. And then I got lucky that I identified that early and then somehow have not fucked it up yet. But it's not like, I don't know, everyone always complains. They're like, oh, like oh one girl, only one, one left. I'm like, still a lot of variety to the sexual Have This guy you married guy cheat. Yeah. Yeah. He's on the road Over explaining it. It's the glory of his wife. And it's actually, it makes me feel better when I go to bed knowing I've been a good person. No, no, no. 'cause I love her and she's the right one. Dude. Stop over explaining now. I think it's weird shit you're doing. I know that's your perspective.


It makes sense. Like you don't have two double earrings and believe in love. Not, not in the long term. Not in the long term. Not in the long term. He's right. You know Jay's long term girlfriend and his mistress could both have a word with you right now. So I've got two ladies in my life that would disagree with you. Have you ever come close to cheating? No. No, no. Good answer. Rock solid. You're Good. The mullet keeps it keeps 'em at bay. I think that helps. Who keeps 'em at bay? The the mullet is helping.


Okay. Yeah. Not everybody wants to fuck but be this, I don't think. Right don Don't think that's high on the list. Yeah. What else do you do for fun and like hobbies when you're not just doing standup travel? I like traveling a lot. Yeah. I was just, I went to Turkey this year. That was cool. Okay. It's a good time. What'd you do in Turkey? Just that was quick. What did you do in Turkey? I, Turkey was, it was just hanging out on a beach, man. It was weird though.


On the flight there. I was the only guy with hair. So that was weird. Come. Yeah. Dudes kept asking who my doctor was. I was like, why is every one of you in a bucket hat? Amazing. What made you pick Turkey of all places? My wife's friend, her parents like built a home there. So we went to go visit. Nice. Yeah. You seem like such a wholesome guy. I'm Pretty wholesome dude. Do you go to church? Not anymore. No. What happened? When did you stop going to church? I did mushrooms. Oh shit. I'll do it.


You're like, I see what they were talking about. It's more of a metaphor. Isn't that ironic? God made a plant that makes people stop believing in him. Isn't it interesting? Yeah. You did that. Those in Canada. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Okay. You said that like I've done them once so I'm, yeah, I'm real. I'm realizing now how public this is gonna be. So yeah. One time. What are your thoughts on, what are your thoughts on Justin Trudeau?


I love that he has brought the country together in hating him. Yeah, It's incredible. Yeah. As I literally, the other day I was, I was just at a traffic light and there was a guy coming to all the cars trying to get money and his thing just said, fuck Trudeau. And I was like, that's beautiful that that brings in more dollars than please Like We're united. Amazing. Andrew, you did so good here tonight. Amazing stuff. How long are you in Austin, Texas for? About two weeks. About two weeks. Love to have you on the Secret show. Thursday And You.


know what else? Sandra You know what I want you to do because you didn't get on the open mic tonight probably. Right? Did you? The odds of that are very low that you got on both shows. Correct. But did you sign up for it? Yeah. Okay. Well the talent booker, I do believe that show is still going on. Why don't we get him a few minutes in front of Adam Omega nine years in the game. A full-time Comedian. They're gonna take you straight up to the other room. Don't bomb over there. There he goes. Andrew Packer, Ladies and gentlemen. Perhaps Getting a shot at getting on more shows on the big lineup here at the comedy mothership right now. Being shipped off the opportunity of a lifetime. You guys ready for one last bucket. Pull tonight. Huh?


Ladies and gentlemen make some noise for Jessica Misano, our third female of the night outside. Jessica, miss Ano. Hello? I just moved you from Chicago, dude. Hell yeah. You got that nine months of seasonal depression. Fuck that. It was. Do You guys even get that here? Or is it just regular depression for You guys? Regular, Regular. Regular. But you have those telltale signs, right? Like you get lethargic, you don't wanna do anything. I know, I'm getting sad 'cause that's when I start masturbating face down again. I do it on the couch too, dude.


and you put your face between the cushions 'cause it muffles the crying. Right? I miss my dad. We can't just kill ourselves though, can we? That's the, that's the easy way out. So I go on a lot of road trips is what I do. You guys ever notice those like crosses on the side of the road to commemorate the dead You? know what I'm talking about? I see these fucking things everywhere. I'm thinking like, why do you never see the star of David on this side of the road? No little Buddhas or anything like that. I kind of think Christians are just bad drivers.


Like maybe Go ahead, finish it. Jessica, finish it. Yeah. Like maybe Jesus needs to hand that wheel back. Thank you Jessica. Misano. Misano. I just gotta deal with this I don know how to lower it. Hey. Hello. How are you? You're gonna call me fat a bunch. Let's go. Yep. There you go. Even red bands jumping in on it. Oh, Let's cut it Out. Okay, Jessica. No, it's fine. You're not even the biggest girl that's been up here tonight. You would actually look exactly like the other two female comedians mush together.


don don't know if anybody else is seeing it. She's just the haircut of Carly. That's true. The body of Selena piercings through the face. It Says Selena though, bitch. I'll take it. Alright. Not that Selena. Welcome. Welcome. Hey, that was fun. How long have you been doing standup? Eight Years. Wow. Where? At Chicago. That's where I'm from. Oh, that's right. Yep. That makes sense. That's fine. Chicago, you visited the Bean before you sons a bitch. Ah, fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck the bean. Fuck the Bean. I What if I could, did they got bury it around? You know.


Did You know that that bean was picked in Mexico by an American? That's what a lot of people don't know. Giant metal be. I did not know that's pulled the ground by an American that visited Mexico to pick a bean. Does that sound racist? No, it's, it was on tonight's episode. It happened live less than an hour ago. Yeah. Jessica, what do you do for work? I'm a hairstylist dude. I get those vibes. Yeah, you seem like it. What Does that mean? Well, you just have that fucking energy. There's a hairstylist energy. You look at a hairstylist who only does that haircut you have? Yeah, dude, you look like a hairstylist that says, is it all right if I touch you before you cut that This?


Luckily I have to tell you, I just moved into the neighborhood, but I do hair This rose. Do you ask them what pronouns they go by before you cut their hair? What Are yours? Oh you bitch. You bitch you. Oh look, she's doing a dance. Oh, she's doing a fat girl dance. Oh no. Oh god. The whole room smells like gorgonzola. Unbelievable. Jessica, I Oh you're, oh, you're very comfortable here. Very comfortable. Little Captain Morgan style. I thought she was shaking outta a queef.


Yeah, I was. Yeah. This is amazing. Oh, My goodness. Wow. Incredible. Jessica. Oh, red band. Red band. Why that fart? What was that? The airy fart. Oh. My. God. She seems more like a pinched fart. Shake it again. Oh Jesus Christ. I thought we were gonna do the other one. No, do the pinch More hyt You. know what I mean? Do The pinch. Oh. Oh. There it's, wow. That's amazing. You have such an amazing talent over there. There. you go, it works better with queefs than with farts. Okay, so let's just jump right into it. Jessica, what's your love life like?


What type of bull dyke are you? No, I, dude, I tried being gay. I did. I like the, the, the fingers pickle and then the smell's not right when it's not your own You. know what I mean? It's gross. Okay, red man, get rid of the fart board. That's enough. Jesus Christ My. goodness gracious. That One has some behind it for sure. That's what I give her. Trying to be vulnerable, You know. So what types of guys are you into? You seem like the kind of a lady that would be with a black guy. My family. I've disappointed my parents enough. No, I just, anybody really?


Anybody really? I've been celibate for seven months. It's nuts. Yeah, don don't Really, I know, dude. I'm trying to be a good person. It sucks. What made you more? I'm just stealing more. Wanna go celibate. Like what kind of wild night did you have where you're like, God damnit, I'm going celibate after that Overdose. What did you overdose on exactly? Yogurt. Oh, I feel like I'd have stronger muscles. No, dude. Benzos. Dude, that's what I do. You ever nod out and go to a roller fucking rink or go down a roller coaster? 60 miles an hour. Just snorting benzos. It's fun. You mixed roller rank and roller coaster though. Yeah, I was lying the first time.


Wow. Where were we? Where were we for this overdose? Six Flags. Florida. Just straight up Florida. Yeah, dude, I was, I had a time down there. You ever been down there? Hell yeah, dude. Yep. So you really overdosed on what'd they have to do? Nothing really. I had a seizure. I was in a seizure for like a fucking week and they didn't, That's impossible. What are you talking about? No, I was in and outta granule seizures. They didn't even know it. They just, they who's couch race? The, the doctors? What fucking hospital was in? I was in, It doesn't matter the exact hospital. But you were at a hospital for a week. You were having seizures and they didn't notice, They didn't know.


They, they, they just found trace amounts of, of Xanax. They don't exactly. None of this sounds real. No, I Why the fuck would I lie about like on the internet and everything? No, that's A good point. Yeah. I don. Or maybe that's exactly why you would Lie. Didn't I get lots of dick? No, that's the lie. I would tell. So they kept you in the hospital for a week, but they didn't, what were they diagnosing you as? They just, they put on the papers just granule seizures. But they tr they found trace amounts of Xanax in my system, but at the time I was sober. So it was just, I guess over time the drug use that I was doing, it kind of caught up to me. Wow. That's not what an overdose is. That's what they put on the I know asshole.


But that's just what they put on the, Whoa, Sorry. We thought you were foaming at a fucking amusement park Caesar and you started having baby seizure take you to hospital and said like, it's maybe Xanax. Maybe. Yeah. No it's not. I thought you were like You know clear. No, not that serious. I don't do heroin or nothing. Just I don. Okay. So how about, how about hobbies when you're not doing drugs and cutting hair? Anything else? Are there any passions? You seem like the kind of lady that would do some roller derby or something like that, or some like tough girl things. Some like You know, like Once a softball or Yeah, Maybe a interracial bowling league or, yeah, I, I could see her doing power slap.


Yeah. You seem like you'd be a great power slapper local Power slap what's nickname her. Yeah. All this is hurtful, by the way. No, I do, I do a lot of art. I'm an artist. I'm an artist before anything else, so I Oh yeah. What kind of art? Painting acrylic. I like to sing. I ain't ing for you. Motherfucker. Don't fucking do that. You what? I like to sing, dude. Singing? Yeah, singing. Did you say singing? Oh, you look like you got Pipes lady. I've seen bitches built like you before. I want to hear that. She looks like she has crack pipes. Yeah. What type of, what type of song do you like to sing? You Know, I I love blues. They're like, Amy Winehouse is the shit.


Let's just do some bluesy stuff. But for copyright sake, because again, YouTube has been tough making me do it all cookies lately. Let's do something. Amy Winehouse esque, but not exactly Amy Winehouse esque or literally Amy Wine House's Father gets the money from the episode. If it sounds too much like Amy Winehouse, Amy wine house's father who basically killed her would get all the money from this episode. You can't make this shit up. It's the state of music and the state of YouTube right now. They try to say, I had a season. I said, no, no, no. I Oh no, no.


Got the z Stop. Stop. You can't really sing. And that's a copyright infringement. Stop. It's okay though. This motherfucker, dude, you're a bully dude. don, don't, I'm a bully. You're You're fucking bully. Wow. You're not as tough as you look. I know. No, nobody calls me that on this show. How dare you. It wasn't the worst singing that's ever been on this show, but it was just very, very, very, very, very basic. Were you come, were you like building up to a big moment there? Was there like a thing coming? No. Oh, Okay. That's, I didn't Even know I said it.


Great. Then I cut it off at the exact right time. You Did? Yeah. In fairness, she said she liked singing. She didn't say I'm particularly good at it. Yeah. I I, that is fair. I also don't like that song that much. You know. Okay, fine. Well, I mean, You know. We'll move on though. Yeah. You You know what I like about you. You're so likable. Yeah. And with that voice. Yeah. Thank You. Amy Brickhouse over here. How many abortions have you had? Two. There. you go two. Wow. Nice. How many at home? One. Yeah.


That is amazing. Amazing. I'm out of big joke books. Oh, there's a hairy one. This is a hairy situation. Bon Eye made this out of some kind of dead animal congrat. Oh wow. Great. Great. Unbelievable catch. I told you I'm not a softball player. Definitely still some Xanax in that system. don don't know if You guys saw that Put her in right Field. Lack of attempt on that catch there. Didn't even underhand still having a seizure. That was your chance for one last fart noise there. She stuck her ass out again. Do it one more time. Okay. Do I leave Now?


Yep. There she goes. Everybody. Jessica Misano. You're a bully. God's so gay. Woo. Alright, well, what can I say? I mean, that's an episode. We did it. That's what it looks like. But it's not over just yet. There's only one way to put a ribbon on it. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you KILL TONY Hall of Fame or legend of the game record holder, all time appearances, interviews and everything in between. Some people call him the Memphis Strangler, the vanilla gorilla. This is indeed the Express VPN debacle, the hims harasser.


The SimpliSafe Securities Sergeant. This is the one and only William, Montgomery, Ladies and gentlemen. Job Did Masad just drop the song of the summer You know that mix tape must be fire if you start listening to it over a walkie talkie and it explodes. Apparently in Haiti, they don't have animal shelters. They're called all you can Eat Buffets.


Here's a quote from Kamala Harris running Mate, Tim Walls from this past weekend. We can't afford four more years of this. Wait, what? Holy shit. Dumb ass. Remember the rumor that Mr. Rogers had sleeve tattoos and was a sniper in Vietnam? It gets worse. He was pro-life. I imagine if today Mr. Rogers was like, I'm pro-life. I support the children. Y'all would be like, you hate women. You hate women, you hate women. You Hey women, you hey women.


Wow, I did not see that coming. Look At you doing a little fucking art piece there. God. Yeah. It's been an insane week. Tony on Tuesday actually had some sushi with red band and my stomach is still totally fucked up. I think I have a parasite or something. Seriously, I wonder when I end up going to the hospital after eating sushi. I don't know. It's been a week now. Tomorrow it's a week. And then the next night, Tony. I swear to God, I had my arm. I, I always sleep on my, my tummy and I had my arm up like this and my rotator c it hurts to even do that. So I'm a big old mess.


That is incredible. What have some of your symptoms been from this sushi incident on Tuesday? That's been, I mean, that's six days. Well, on, I think it was Thursday, I had my favorite yellow boxers on Tony. Yellow's my favorite color. Ooh. Yep. Boxers. I know. And Oh, dangerous. Oh my gosh. And I farted and nasty shit came outta my butt hole. And I ended up, I was thinking, oh, I'm gonna put these in the washing machine. But then I thought that was gross. And then I ended up just throwing 'em away. So it's been a real hard week Tony. I had those things like three years. You just, but I Feel like I really had to prepare tonight. I mean, I, everything's so low in my life right now.


It's, I really had to prepare. I've really been going through it, but Wow. Your favorite yellow boxers. You've been going through it. Amazing. You ate the same sushi as him on Tuesday. Did you have any symptoms? Yes. I, I actually had the, almost the same. I didn't shit myself and I also fucked my, my elbow up. Also. Your elbow, you just scraped your elbow. I mean, my Shoulder up. Yeah. But my Stomach still is like sore right now. Yeah. It looks swollen as fuck. It's so Swollen. There's something going on in there. Belly button popped out the other night. Wow. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. But yeah, saw the You guys. I never would've guessed that you two would be getting sushi together.


Your chemistry here on Mondays where you deeply insult each other's mothers and scream at one another and seem to have a real rivalry and there you are. Breaking, breaking fish Together. Yeah, we're trying to bury the hatchet. It really is. It's, it, it genuinely, it takes a big toll on my life. I mean, yeah, I do talk about red band's mom. I'm a decent amount, but that's because I really do love the woman. I mean, she's older. I really love her But I have to, I also love Redband too, so I have to be super careful now. So we're keeping it kinda under the sheets. Under wraps. That's what red band's mom and I call it under the sheets. That's when we're having sex under the sheets. You won't let me see her naked when it's when the lights are on.


But yeah, no, trying to just bury the hatchet with red band and things are already going a little better. Well, you just literally told him that you're fucking his mother and that she doesn't let you see her naked in the lights. He knows about all of this. Tony. We literally You guys know You know about this. True. No, He He says he's just Dearing or something. I. don Dunno what he calls. What does that mean? Dearing Red band William's. Not trying to be your dad. He just wants to be your friend. Yeah, dude. I mean, I get it. There's a fucking what, 20 years age difference between you and I. I'm, again, your mom's way older than me, but I just have to Yeah. I want it to be cool between you and I, it's almost like I'm in your dad in certain ways.


If I'm kind of with your, Wow. Do you look at William like a potential father? Figure shaking is, tits are bouncing up and down right now. It's absolutely incredible. Think of what it would be like having stepdad William in your life. I would actually be Down with that. I would be okay. Hey red band. Come to dinner. Hey red band. Clean your room. My guess is he comes to dinner a little bit faster than he cleans his room. Oh, he does. Just coming down the stairs And sometimes he wears his what, Amanda? Today? Yeah. He wears his socks sometimes and he falls down the steps.


But Wow. This is incredible. To find out the stepdad perspective from William raising a 50-year-old Brian Redban, a 50-year-old morbidly obese Brian Redban. I almost forgot the morbidly obese part. Oh wait, wait a second. Are you going? There it is. Very good. So William, bully this guy. Yeah. A real bully. Oh, My goodness. Can you imagine the compilation of me bullying people? Okay, go ahead William. Well, You know I, it's just a amazing to me to watch you every week surprise us and do different things.


I mean, you are a true artist. What else has been going on? Oh my gosh. Well, luckily I got out of the PlayStation five video game. It's called Remnant two. Thank God. I got out of it. I put 160 hours. I don don't know what the math is on that. And I think two weeks. So luckily got outta that Tony. I was able to get out this weekend, watch football all day Saturday. It was very fun. I mean, you Watched college football on Saturday. All day Saturday. And Tony. I also had some, I think it was Banana pudding. It also made, ah, tell me. But Tony, it's, yeah. And you also mentioned, we talked earlier this past week.


Every once in a while I'll get a call from one of the regulars and they ask You know some advice on how to handle things. and you were mentioning that. Yes. I got a call on a landline antique phone. Thank you. Oh, and then my cell phone rang. My 1990 cell phone rang Maybe next time Red band. That was a good try. Yeah. And You know Red band. I'm kidding about your mind again. Yeah, we went to go, we went to go break bread and I swear to God, I spent 400, I don't even, I'm embarrassed to even say this right now. It's the most expensive meal in my life I've ever had with sushi. I spent 450 fucking dollars to shit in my yellow boxers a couple days later.


It really was a horrible week for me. Tony. Wow. And Let me ask you something before we talk about the phone call that I took from you. But I'm interested to know, because You know, I'll give a little behind the scenes. William is, what would be the proper verbiage here? He is kind of A badass or Yeah. No, I'm kidding. He is. Wait, what song are we going into here? Hold on. He's very we'll say good with money. Very, very, very, I would almost say thrifty Dare I say Very good.


Frugal. I'm a big coupon. Frugal. Big couponer. I started couponing. Very frugal. So I'm curious to know if you remember exactly what did you tip on that $450 bill? Well, interesting question. So there was already, what was it, 18 or 20% gratuity added. So I felt weird. It seemed like a weird move on the restaurants part. I ended up tipping them 20 extra dollars. So I even ended up, Was It 18? I didnt know what to do. 2020. It was 20. So you gave an extra 20. Yes. So technically on paper, somewhere out there, there is a a credit card receipt. A You know what? A bill that says William Montgomery. 'cause I'm guessing you paid with your credit card. Yeah. And then it just says four 50 and then underneath it it says $20.


That's 20. Right. See that that part freaks me out. Even when it's auto-graded for 20. I feel the need to You know. Go a little bit overboard there. You don't feel that need at All? I just did 20. Yeah, I mean, if there's already 20%, I mean, yeah, I'm not, yeah, maybe a little Extra. What the extra 24? What do you think they're gonna do with that exactly? don Don't know. It's maybe the lady. Maybe if she has a drug problem or something, maybe she can buy drugs with the $20 or, I don't know. Help her somehow. So I took this call from you this past week and you told me that people, what the fuck? Whoa. What? What is that music? It's what? Your phone.


Oh, that's my phone? Yes, that's my actual phone. Let me hear it one more time. Okay. That's right. According to YouTube Rules, Nokia just made another a hundred thousand dollars. I'm telling you, I'm gonna start calling it out. I'm gonna do what Stern did. Back when he was hilarious, like late nineties, early two thousands, he used to call out like the the the station, right? The bosses. You're here. This episode is the episode where Tony started calling out YouTube for their bullshit. God damnit. You want war YouTube?


Oh God. It's actually probably gonna, probably gonna cost me a lot of money anyway. and you called me, we, Hey wait minute. Okay. 'cause you mentioned to me that there's been some high profile people bullying you online starting shit. and you asked me what you should do about it. Can you, you want to tell the audience? Yeah. I mean, it's just been this weird thing in my life recently. There are these just don don't know. You call 'em keyboard, keyboard warriors. I think that's what people call 'em. But people have been acting real kind of real mean to me. Kind of bullying me. And it's like I don't know what to do. And it kind of pisses me off because I swear to God, most of these people are probably just giant pussies and there's no fucking way they could ever actually do anything to my fucking ass.


And it's so strange because one of the worst people doing this is a guy named Dustin Poirier. He is just talking so much fucking shit about me. And I Swear to God, I cannot stand fucking Dustin Poirier. He's literally talking Shit. You mean on The fucking computer About me? He Won't fucking meet up with my fucking ass. You're telling me one, I don't Know what I'm gonna do. Oh, My, God. Wait a second. He fucking Pisses me off. Wait a second. Look behind you. William Oh, My God. Oh God. Literally one of the greatest fighters of all time.


Dustin Poirier is here. Holy shit. Oh. My. God. Dustin Oh. My God. What? Wait, what is happening here? Oh, My goodness. Look at, oh, look at that.


We ain't ever gonna stop. Wow. Dustin William Montgomery. What an episode. Make some fucking noise for Dustin Poirier and William Montgomery. Fuck yes. Fucking awesome.


Thank you. Simply save hymns and express VPN and a special shout out to the great people over at YouTube where you can create your own content and put it out.


And even if, even if you kill the entire comedy industry and all the late night shows, and an entire network formerly known as Comedy Central and absolutely dominate the field of an entire art form. You can enjoy it all over at YouTube with no pain or pressure is censorship whatsoever. They're so nice and great and they really help us any chance they get and they really forget about YouTube Premium Tony. Yeah. YouTube Premium. You could skip the ads, everybody. How exciting. Make sure you get it. Make sure you subscribe and like click that thumbs up button as hard as you possibly can. It's a great time over at YouTube. YouTube. It's what's in your wallet. Yeah. Yeah. What's on your TV screen? YouTube. Go to youtube.com and download the app now. We love you YouTube. We really, really do. From the bottom of our hearts.


Alright, make some noise for the Legion of Sks. Ladies and gentlemen, heading into the big week. I mean, this is it. The granddaddy of 'em all the greatest comedy festival, by the way. We've been saying that for years and years and years on this show. And this year is the first year where there will be no JFL fucking comedy festival because these guys literally killed them. They ended that. They are the comedy festival now and it's getting bigger and better all the time. Very fun things. Some amazing, unbelievable shows. Special guests. They do it right over there. Secret shows popping up there.


Very, very exciting stuff. Big J's back here in November. How about one more time for the Legion of Skanks? How about one more time for the best stand band in the in the land? Matt mulling, Jon Deas, D Madness, Michael Gonzalez, Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo and Raul Vallejo. We did it again. The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in it is unbelievable red band. Check out the sunset strip atx.com. Love You guys. We love you. We'll see you soon. Goodnight everybody. Thank you.


Yesterday, I Got a sweet.