
This podcast is brought to you by sendthevote. Folks. Election day is coming up on November 5th, and there's a website, sendthevote dot org slash Tony that makes registering to vote easy. All you Have to do is head over to sendthevote dot org slash Tony and they'll help you sign up, register and check if you're all set. You can also text TONY to 3 3 0 2 2. That's 3 3 0 2 2 to learn more. That's TONY to 3 3 0 2 2 thanks to sendthevote for sponsoring this podcast.


This episode is brought to you by The Weather Channel. It's suggested that brands avoid using sound effects and podcast ads. And remember to speak in a chill tone. Well, here's a suggestion for everyday life. Tap into the Weather Channel app. It's loaded with insights that help you manage your allergies. Breathe easy and use your outside voice. What in the weather are you waiting for? Be a force of nature with the Weather Channel app


At Sierra Discover Top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices, Sierra. Let's get moving.


Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now on Spotify and Apple Podcast If. you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website? go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch, go to DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Red Band coming to you, Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony. That's Glad. Who's ready for the best fucking Monday night of their lives, huh? Oh, My goodness, mama. We made it. You are here. You guys did it. You're here. This is the number one live podcast in the world. KILL TONY, brought to you this week by HelloFresh and Mando Make.


some noise for red band, everybody. Hi. We've been doing this a long time. And How about one more time for the best stand band in the land on the horns, the great Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, and Michael Gonzalez on the drums. Over here we have Matt mulling on the electric guitar, playing a brand new guitar thanks to John Page Classic and the leader of the band, an undeniable forces the great John B on the keys. Everybody. Deep Madness is playing by himself at another venue that nobody knows about because he's Blind You.


know what I'm saying? We have a fun show lined up for you. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing Sponsors that made it all possible. The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin. Texas is now open. Check out Red Band secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets. This podcast is brought to you by sendthevote. Folks. Election day is coming up on November 5th, and there's a website, sendthevote dot org slash Tony that makes registering to vote easy. All you have To do is head over to sendthevote dot org slash Tony and they'll help you sign up, register and check if you're All set.


You can also text TONY to 3 3 0 2 2. That's 3 3 0 2 2 to learn more. That's TONY to 3 3 0 2. Two. Thanks to sendthevote for sponsoring this podcast. Are You guys ready for the best fucking show you've ever seen? Here we go. Anything can happen. I lined up two of the funniest guests that we've ever had on this show. Two of the funniest guests in the world. Two of my favorite comedians, legends of New York here quite often because Austin is the new comedy capital of the world. Ladies and gentlemen, your guest tonight, two of the greatest Make some noise for Chris Deano and Joe de Joe.


Oh yeah. Baby 2 26 signups and two of my favorite guests of all time. What's up, Chris? Hello. How you doing? Feeling good? Absolutely. Absolutely. You look good. We have some fucking fun tonight. Yep. Beautiful crowd. There it is. Great hat. This guy wearing a fucking Gucci bucket hat up there. I know, dude. You really look like an idiot. Yeah, and it's Unbelievable, But, but it's good. You're owning it and it's about confidence. Yeah. Wow. No, don't pull it down. It makes it worse, but it's good. Good for you. That Is an incredible hat. Joe Desa, what do you think about how dumb this fucking guy looks?


What do The GGS on it stand for? Wow. You're so poor and cheap. It stands for the GG stands for Gay Guy. That's how I know what it means. Wait, what do the GG stand for? Gucci. Gucci Poppy. You fucking free T-shirt wearing motherfucker. If it was, what did you bought that? Oh, I like that. You're wearing the thing your dad bought you at the game. No fucking start. We just got out Here. Oh, Michael's playing those drums. X. Oh, he did not like me saying he just works out and plays the drums. He's like one joke on Tony. Just you angry little fucking Mexican bastard.


Look at this fucking bad boy burrito back here. Come Rush. Jesus Christ. Fucking spicy quesadilla tonight, huh? Woo. Alright. Fucking unbelievable. Oh, your dad bought you a shirt, Michael. Just shut the fuck up back there. You motherfucking, It's sound like a Tommy Lee solo. I made a joke about Michael during the commercial break, and he is getting his revenge over here. I got my eyes on you, dude.


All right. 226 signups tonight. The show is absolutely outta control. They're all waiting in a bar across the street. I prepo a name and one of our lovely, lovely human beings goes and wrangles them from the bar across the street. In the meanwhile, You know how it works. If I put bring them up, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted You know their time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap that up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear. Ooh, fans of the kitten here tonight that, oh, it's Heidi. Heidi came up. Wow. I was wondering why the cat got a standing ovation in the room. I was wondering why all the guys have boners.


Wasn't the sound of it? I thought You guys were just diehard fans of the show popping for the cat, but turns out it was Pussy. Alright, while we wrangle our first bucket, pull from across the street, Ladies and gentlemen, we have a amazing golden ticket winner who we've watched Grow on the show for about, geez Louise, five or six years. We originally found him in Houston, Texas when he was just a very young buck. And here with a brand new minute getting the standup comedy portion of the show started, this is a brand new minute from Golden Ticket winner, the adorable and likable and lovely. Make some noise for Enrique Chacon. Ladies and gentlemen.


Here we go. Yoni, Yoni, Yoni. What's up motherfuckers? How we feeling tonight? Hell yeah, man. I have to stop driving Uber eat because I started abusing my own supply Hands, the weight gain. And if I'm your Uber Eats driver, and I've been dropping off McDonald's at your shitty college campus, and you're only tipping me 86 cents, I'm sorry, bro, but I would put my dick in your fish sandwich. Dude, at that point. That ain't tar tar sauce anymore. That's re leg chase. Now you wondering whether McDonald's tastes so good this week?


Where's this new recipe coming from? Oh, it's coming. It's coming from south of the border bitch. But yeah, man, this is how I knew I got fat from Uber. I knew I got fat. 'cause my girlfriend, she spontaneously started sucking my titties in the bedroom, bro. Big guys. Anybody else get their titties sucked. Dude. Man, dude, she started sucking my titties so good, bro. And ladies, I understand now. I was trying so hard not to moan and then she really started sucking bro, and I turned into a little farm animal man. And I never come so much in my life, y'all, thank you.


Enrique Chacon with a pretty fucking disgusting set. I'm nasty like that, Man. Bryce coming with your titties getting sucked on nut on someone's fish sandwich. Hey, Chris. Looks like he's into it, bro. You, he's fucking nodding. Hundred Percent dude. Latinos. I'm in. Oh, bro. Just letting You know I am a man You. know what I mean? Right. You kind of look, you kind of look like Elliot Page if he was fat Mexican You. know what? I'm so illegal. don don't know who the fuck that is, but I don. I'll receive it, dude. Fucking trans phobe Joe. You Drive, you work for Uber Eats. You look like you eat Ubers, Bro.


Dude, I was abusing my Uber Eats orders. Joe. Joe, you look like the stepdad that sent me to Fat Camp, bro. don don't know, dude. It feels a little hostile, but yeah, man, I, I'm a big fan, bro. You used to do the Secret Group and that's the club that I started in, bro. But Oh, that's great, man. Yeah, man, thank you for the compliment. JOE DEROSA. Yeah, Joe named it after his sexuality. Hey, You know what? I can't speak to that bro. 'cause You know I have a non-binary face. Dude, I can't fucking speak to that shit. You really do. I wish I could Costella Alonzo Looks pretty binary to me. I bet there's been a lot of ones and zeros that sat on that face. Ooh, ooh. A smart binary joke.


I like it. I mean, You know no big deal. Who's keeping track of who's keeping track of how fucking You know what? Dude, I'm an vid ass eater, bro. Fuck it, bro. Okay. What does that have to do with anything? I mean, no one even brought that up, but, all right. I was gonna guess Ass was one of the only things you didn't eat. But here we are. Clearly Everything is on the menu. Tony You know There's calories, A heavy caloric asshole. You're eating out there a Lot, man. As he wipes the sweat from his morbidly, at This point, this is a fucking prop dude, Because it's we too. What? Yeah, exactly. Why is it a prop? Explain what you mean.


I like, dude, I, every time I do a punchline before the punchline, I wiped it You. know what I'm saying? And then I drop the punchline, bro. Is that whole thing just soaked? Is the, is the, is the, is the back as wet as the front? It's not, it's not as wet as my back, but You know what I'm saying? It's There. You go, It's almost there. Tony. There. you go, it's almost there, dude. You Took the ball and you ran with it. Little Enrique, my little tiny baby boy. You Know. I mean, just get, Whenever you wipe the sweat off does the crusted Cinnabon cream rehydrate. And I, I, I was saving a go and put it in my microwave later. You know. Hell yeah, dude. Oh shit. It looks like you've been wiping your hairline off You know. Oh, I'm sorry, Chuck, I'm sorry.


I'm such a huge fan of you. I had to get one in man. Oh My God. I deserve that. And I'll take it from the person. That room was named after the Fat Man. Oh yeah. And all these people came inside me, so Yeah. Oh, My, God. You dirty little fucking beach ball bitch. Enrique, you're a little wild boy. Yeah, man. So what else you really doing? Uber Eats now. Is that what's happening? I had to stop doing it. I did it for like a week and I was like, man, fuck this shit because I had some time before I hit the road on the weekend. Yeah. But yeah, that's when I started doing it. and You're just driving around. You're picking, you smell the food and You smell the Food. You're driving around and you're smelling it. So My weight gain is not my fault, dude.


It's Uber Eats. You look good though, dude. You don't, you look good. Yeah. What do you, whoa, whoa. What do you what? What happened? Whatcha talking About saying he doesn't You know? He he's hating on himself. He's not fucking that. He's not that bad. You know. How old are you? Hey, 28. You're gonna make it to, you'll make it to 30. Okay. It's not terrible. Hey Chris, you sound like my Planet Fitness trainer, Doug. I know, I know, dude. You look like a planet. Oh, Fuck. yeah, bro. All right. What do you, what do you do? What? Do you do anything to work out at all? Man, my ass has been, my ass has been sore all day, bro. But not because of any gay shit, dude, I've been biking. Right. And dude, man, my taint is destroyed right now, bro.


From Why would that be? I don't know. The seat, man. Something about the seat just makes My ass. What are you on a fucking, fucking unicycle? What are we talking about here? The seat of your car? No, I just been biking. I've been biking like, oh, you biking six, six miles, five miles a day. You know, I'm just playing every other day, bro. I'm not biking six miles a day. That's incredible. But yeah, dude, I'd love to see those tires. Have you seen a Ford F-150 outside? Bitch. Oh, oh, My. goodness. It's a Lowrider. But yeah, I was biking with my disabled friend. He has a bum knee, bro. He said we were gonna do 15 miles. I was like, fuck it. If he's disabled, I could do it. Hell nah. He beat me, man. He beat me. So, Dude, Stephen Hawkin could beat you.


I fuck his ass off, bro. No, he's Dead. But anything else crazy going on in life? Enrique, since Last? Yeah, man. Last time mess. Saw you since I quit my job. Right. I've been hitting the road pretty hard. So I'm booked out to December, so that's fucking good news. Right? And look at, yeah. Yeah, man. Just out here doing it, bro. Taking all these little clubs. You know I've been on the road with Heath Cordes and Rick Diaz. I love it. So yeah man, we have a few dates, but we did Philadelphia last week, bro. And that shit was cool. We ran up the Rocky Steps You know where Rocky was doing his shit. I'm just playing. I I didn't run it. Yeah. Took the Rocky Road. You son of a bitch.


I know what I'm getting on my Uber Eats order later tonight, dude. I know. Can I Give you a tip of advice for A man that sweats the way you do? Yes sir. Wear one shirt. Hey Look man, it's either sweat or titties, bro. And I don't see any dollar bills, so Oh, My goodness jacket. Wow. But yeah. Do you live, do you live in around here? Yeah, I live in Austin. Well this weekend I'm doing shows in Dallas. Do you want do a spot on one of the shows? Yeah, Brother. Whoa. Oh, look at that, Enrique. Hey, look at that. Got a real gig outta it. Amazing stuff. There he goes. Enrique Chacon, Ladies and gentlemen. Thank You. Alright.


And the show has begun. Someone just got a real spot at our real club. Hell, this weekend, hell sold out show with Chris de Stefano. That's it, man. How cool is that? Amazing. I'll Do it, man. We're gonna stock up the green room for him. We'll get 'em going. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. You're gonna me Too, that kid. You got a me too that I know. He does have a nice fat ass. That's a me, me trace or Meat too. Me dose. Okay, Ladies and gentlemen, here we go to the bucket. We go your first bucket, pull of the night. Ladies and gentlemen, this is where we meet someone altogether. Anything can happen could make them a star.


They could embarrass themselves. They could be great. They could suck. Their minute might suck, but their interview could be great. Their minute could be great. Their interview might suck. Ladies and gentlemen, the whole thing is improvised. Anything can happen. Make some noise for your first bucket. Poll of the night. Emily Wade, everybody. A new minute from Emily Wade. What's up KILL TONY. How are you doing tonight? My name's Emily Wade. I'm 26, my dad's 66. And recently he married a Ugandan mail order bride who's younger than me, which has been great for my mental health.


Let me tell you that. Which is great for my mental health. Most people go to sleep at night. They count sheep, they count cows jumping over the moon. Me, I count the amount of times my dad's gotten sloppy from somebody who's still watching SpongeBob on repeat. And I come every time. Let me tell you, he does all this shit for this bitch that he never did for me. He paid for her rent, he paid for her car, he paid for her college. I had to drop out twice because I couldn't afford to go back to school if I had known, that's all it would take.


I had to suck the fuck outta my dad's dick years ago. Talk about a full fucking ride. Now, don't worry. My dad knows I do. That joke. He actually came up to me after my set. He goes, Emily, I just want you to know everything you said tonight is absolutely true. How would you feel about going back to college? And I'm excited to announce I'll be starting at YouTube. Okay. The Bear has come out a full set and then some from Emily Wade. Hello Emily. Welcome to The KILL. TONY Universe. How do you feel after that? You know. I shouldn't have stopped for 10 seconds, but it is what it is. You did do that.


And there's nothing you can do to change that. That is incredible. It will live in history. and you are realizing it and still living in it right now. I can. The same nervousness that happened that made that happen still exists right now to you. Oh, I'm in it. I love it. How long you been doing standup, Emily? I've been doing comedy for a year. One year. Are you from here in Austin? I'm originally from Boston. I just moved here from Miami, Florida. That's Boston. Originally from Boston. You just named two places that nobody likes. Congratulations. Absolutely amazing. Amazing. What do you do for a living, Emily? I have a standup comedy podcast with my best friend called Two Girls.


One Blunt Podcast. Okay. There, you go. For those of you that like unbelievable breaks of silence during your podcast, be sure to listen to that one. Or you could listen to nothing. It's kind of the same thing guys. What do you think about Emily? I Actually, Emily, I thought the most important part of your se and I'm not being funny. I thought the most Important part. We know You know. Lemme tell you. So lemme tell you something. This guy calls me 30 minutes ago, goes, I'm in a jam. Can you please come down here for the show? I did Not say I'm in a Jam. You said you're in a pickle, but that was up your ass.


I come down you shit all over me. I mean, it's, what the fuck? And Joe, we're 10 minutes into the podcast. You can't Have it all meltdown already. Oh, this is in the whole one A, a fun fact for those of you, there's no way you could know. But Joe and I drink together a few nights a week and we, we have an outrageous amount of fun. So Yes. Yeah. Are we gonna drink tonight? A little bit. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Sex, we talked about having, having sex. All the, all the hurt. All the hurt goes away. Oh, at the bar? Yeah. No, I was gonna say this. I actually thought the most important part of your set was when you did stop be. No, I'm serious. I'm very serious. Because it was you going fuck. And it was, you were like, Nope. Fuck. We're eh. and you took a minute for, or 10 seconds for yourself.


And that's important that, that you'll go as you grow as a comic, you'll learn how to do that and not show it as much to the audience. But that's important that you had that comfort level. You can call it nervousness, whatever, that you were able to go You know what? No. Fuck it. Hold on, gimme a second. I gotta, whatever. I don don't know. I thought that was good. Thank you. And I think you have, go ahead. Wow. And I also think that you have great premises. And this is advice somebody gave me once and it changed the way I rode. Wait, you have great, Yeah. The advice Joe got and then he stopped doing comedy and opened up his sandwich shop. So that was the advice. That was the advice. They were like, please do something else.


They're Like, You know what? You would be better at cold cuts. I am this close to opening a hot dog stand. Fucking try me. I honestly, I honestly thought Perfect. I honestly, Emily, I thought, I thought one year you've been doing it. Yeah. Yeah. I think like that. It's amazing for you to even come up and be able to do this and then to, to recover You know after you stop and recovery. It was amazing. And I just You know, I really think you're awesome and me You know me and your dad would love to hang out with you after this. I'm trying to get into UT Austin, so let's fucking go Do it. No, but I was gonna say, do you have these great premises with this real story?


Don't go for, don't go for the shock. Value not true punchlines. Like explore the truth of it. And there's a lot of really funny shit in there. You know. It's crazy. Everybody says that. But I'm a 12-year-old boy at heart, and I think about sex all the time. So like, is that not my truth? With, With your dad, that might be a problem. What? Whoa. I don't know. I I can't, we can't get too deep on this. Jeez, Jesus. I got hard and soft at the same time there. I'm a 12-year-old boy. And then what a crash after that You. know what I mean? Yeah. People tell you that. Comedians tell you that is what you're saying. Yes, sir.


Comedians that are a lot more experienced than you and wildly successful probably. Yes. Yeah. So I would listen to them. Maybe there's some truth to it. So let's talk real for a second about this Ugandan woman that your father is. Yeah, my stepmother. That's your stepmom. They got married. Wow. Yeah. Is she Hot? Yes. She's a hot, very black woman. Yeah. Very thick. My dad's a chubby chaser. He loves to overshare. He's always like, Emily, I love thick woody bitches. They called me a chubby chaser. I was like, dad, why didn't they just call you a like normal kids? There it is. It's, that's an interesting drop there. I like to save a good, for a good, good time.


I don't know why th chasing a thick girl. Would him A Are they here, is your mom stepmom and dad here In the country? Well, like are they? They didn't come to watch you? No, they did not come to watch me. Unfortunately. That's Wild. This woman would rather stay in Ugandan village than watch. So she lives here now. Oh, she does? Okay. Yep. She moved in with my dad. No. Okay. He paid for her visa too. He paid for Her visa. Oh, okay. Wow. Okay. Yeah. But that's nice. So he seems like a good guy. Yeah. I wish he gave me more, except for You know abandonment issues. But here we are. Right. Well, well you gotta take what you can get You. know what I mean?


So what was it like when your dad brought home Aunt Jemima for the first time? Oh yeah. What do you mean it's a black woman? Yes. What, what show do you think you'll win to tonight? Ah, what do you going, there it is. What? What do you want me to bring out Jimmy Fallon right now? Yeah. Hi. You wanna hear a 10 minute monologue from Jimmy Fallon? How Did you, and let me do my fucking an on mind, my reference. How'd you feel? Can can you ask the question again? No, it was really, there was no, I just wanted to do that joke. It's not a real answer. It's fine. What was the, The joke? Go ahead. What was the joke? Well, he Said, no, it's fine. You can't explain a joke that's fucking gay. Why not? Well, what's amazing is that you are so white. Like I'm Yeah, you're like this like angelic like doll type of like, like white trash doll.


Yeah. My dad does live in a trailer. Really? Okay. Yeah. Wow. With the Ugandan. With The Ugandan, she moved out. 'cause it wasn't nice enough for her. So he bought her a visa. Wait, she moved. Hold on. She moved out of the ch Where did she go? I mean, she started in a mud hut. She moved to a trailer and she's like, no, I need a high rise. Wow. Yeah. Absolutely incredible. Well, Emily, congratulations. You got the show started out of the bucket. Here's a little joke book There. you go, oh wow. That was amazing. It almost went in Joe's can of Liquid Death. It almost. Thank you. There she goes. Ladies and gentlemen, Emily Wade. And it has begun. You get it. Good job. Anything can happen.


Someone could make it on this show or what you just saw could happen to you. You could go silent. The pressure can get to these people.


Hey y'all. Good evening. This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN. Have you ever browsed in incognito mode? It's probably not as incognito as you think. Google recently settled a $5 billion lawsuit after being accused of secretly tracking users in incognito mode. Google's defense incognito does not mean invisible. In fact, all your online activities still 100% visible to a ton of third parties unless you use Express VPN or Red Band Tony. Everyone needs express VPN Without Express VPN. These third parties can see every website you visit, even incognito mode. Your internet service provider, your mobile network provider, even the admins of your wifi network, like your school, your boss or your parents. Express VPN Reroutes a hundred percent of your traffic through secure encrypted servers. So third parties can't see your browsing history. Guys Express VPN is so easy to use. Just fire up the app and click one button to get protected. It works on all devices, phones, laptops, and tablets and more so you can stay private on the go. Plus it was rated number one by top tech reviewers like CNET and The Verge. I always use ExpressVPN to stay private when we travel. You never know who's watching on different wifi networks. It's personally important for me to keep my data safe, which is why I use ExpressVPN. Protect your online privacy today by visiting ExpressVPN dot com slash koni. That's E-X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ KILL TONY. and you can get an extra three months for ferri ExpressVPN dot com slash KILL TONY.


Hey y'all, this podcast is sponsored by hims. Guys, do you ever feel like you need a little boost in the bedroom? Well, it's time you stop worrying about your performance and get HIMSS so you can feel confident knowing you can get hard and stay hard whenever you're in the mood. HIMSS provides access to a range of doctor trusted ed treatments such as chewable, hardman, proven treatments like Viagra or Cialis, or they're generics for up to 95% cheaper. Red band Tony. I think HIMSS is giving men the greatest ED treatment out there. The process is simple, a hundred percent online with no uncomfortable doctor visits. Just answer a CUS series of questions on their site. And a medical provider will determine the right treatment option if prescribed. Your medication ships directly to you for free. Ooh, hot. No insurances needed to pay one low price for your treatments. Online visits to ongoing shipments and provider messaging. HIMSS has hundreds of thousands of trusted subscribers. So if Ed is getting you down, it's time you find the option that works for you, start your free online visit today at himss.com/koni. That's H ims.com/koni For your personalized DD treatment options hints.com/koni. The products mentioned are chewable compounded products which are not approved or verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA prescriptions require an online consultation with a healthcare provider who will determine if appropriate restrictions apply. See website for details and important safety information. Subscription required price varies based on product and subscription plan.


Hey everybody. Have you ever felt a sense of unease when you leave your home wondering if everything will be safe all your way? I know I have. There's some shady looking people around my neighborhood if You. know what I mean? But after my neighbor's house got broken into, I realized how urgently I needed a security system. And I knew my family deserved the best. After some extensive research, I found SimpliSafe. I've loved having SimpliSafe protect my home for three years now. And the security and service have exceeded all expectations. Red band, I love Simis Safe. I feel safe when we leave for our travel shows. Knowing my valuables are so secure, I'm confident my home is protected so I don't have to worry about when I'm away. With fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection. SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. Yeah, stop them in their tracks. Hey, we see you there. We're coming for you. Here we come. We're gonna get you. You'll never be locked into a long-term contract so you can cancel any time. Pricing is transparent and affordable at less than $1 a day with no hidden fees ever. SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and offers the best customer service in home security. According to Newsweek, it's easy to install and activate your SimpliSafe system in less than an hour. Or choose professional installation to have a pro do it for you. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera when you sign up for Fast. Protect Monitoring. Ah, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash gioni. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash What is it? SimpliSafe dot com slash KILL. TONY. That's right. One more time. SimpliSafe dot com slash KILL. TONY, there's no safe like SimpliSafe pull.


Make some noise for your next bucket. Poll a brand new minute from Chris Res. Everybody. Chris Rees. So I was thinking the other day, just pondering, spanking to myself. Were there any retarded kids on Epstein Island? Like do you think there's retarded kids on Epstein Island? Yeah. And can I ask you another question? Do you think it's better to molest the normal kid or retard kid? You don't have an answer pussy.


I'll tell you. 'cause there is a right answer. It's retarded kid. For sure. You agree? It's retarded kid for two reasons. Reason number one, they're too goofy to testify. Where'd he touch you? I like firetrucks. And reason number two, a lot more drool rule. Yeah. I don't know if you ever fuck dry kid hole, but it's annoying. Holy shit.


Chris Res. I feel like all that material was written by you trying to actually like molest kids. Okay. Wow. This is a, You gotta do the research. Wow. All right. Holy shit. How are you Chris? You've been on this show before? Yeah, I've done this show a couple times. I've been doing good lately. Yeah. How old are you? I'm 25. 25. How long you been doing standup? Seven years. Seven years. Wow. So you started when you were 18? Yes sir. Were you ever molested? Oh, we've talked about this a couple times.


Hell yeah. Really? God damn right. Molested and proud. Wow. I'm one of those retarded kids I was talking about. Yeah, It seems like it. Unbelievable. I don't remember our molestation talks. I thought it was a risk asking that question. Yeah. Well we talked about it just got really sad. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Why did it get sad? I don't know. I think We, did you get sad? No. No. You like it? Yeah. I was having fun since I got molested. Right, Exactly. You enjoyed the I Was jerking 'em off. I'm like, yes. All right, Chris. All right, Chris, settle down. Tony. Where? Where, where does comedy go from here?


Where? What's happening? I'm fucking, my dad molesting retard. Yeah. What's happening? Yeah. Yeah. Remember a guy would come out and talk about Tide. Yeah. Something. I feel like we're all gonna get like subpoenaed one day for like, people are like admitting crimes. You got the penal part. Right? That's, that's true. So Chris, tell us more. What are you doing for work? What's going on with your life? I live in San Marco and I'm a cook at a torchy's right now. Wow. Holy shit. Alright. Yep. Okay, cool. You're halfway to hell. Ha. Yeah. This is incredible. What do you love about your life? What do you do for fun?


Other than stand up? What do I Love about my life? Other than standup? I don't really like the standup part that much. Why don't you like Standup I? don Dunno. I live with my best friend. Hold on. Tell us about what you just said. Why don't you like the standup part that much? Ah, it's just too many fucking weirdos, dude. You are one of them. That's why You mean there's too many people trying. The scene is overwhelmed with a lot of people, so the open mics aren't quite as open as they once were. Yeah. You've been here for a bit, right? Yeah, a few years. Where are you originally from? I'm from Tacoma, Washington. And how long have you been in Texas? I moved here about four years ago. Okay. Yeah. So you've watched the explosion and what you're talking about.


Is that what, you get less spots? How does it, how does this affect You? Oh no, it's just too many people. I don't like being around a lot of people that have social anxiety, I guess. Well, you pick the right industry for that. Yeah, for sure. Well, it's tough. There is a lot of competition. You gotta do things to stand out. So I would suggest showering. I do. You do? I think he's got good hair. Oh, thank you. I like It. It is. I mean, it doesn't look clean, but that's kind of like a look. Oh yeah. You know, right? That's Not into it, dude's. Hmm? Lean into it. Lean into it At all. Oh yeah. I won't take showers anymore, dude. Yeah, dude. Fuck it. What's the difference? The most handsome guy on the stage's telling me not to take, take Showers. Yeah, dude. Absolutely. To the kids.


Yeah. What? How old's your roommate? How old is my roommate? Yeah, he's like 32. Is he? He works here. It's Adam Lucky. Oh, okay. We know Adam very well. Live with him. Okay. So what do You guys do for fun? You love being his roommate so much. You guys play video games. I watch him play video games. We watch movies all the time. You guys smoke pot together. No, don don't smoke pot. You don't. You look like that. Yeah. That's amazing. By The way, you saying I watch him play video games was creepier than the Retarded Kid Show. Yeah. Sober too. You're just sober sitting there just watching him play video like good job.


That's Fucking scary, dude. Why are you sober? Why am I sober? I just don't smoke weed. I do everything else pretty much. Oh, okay. Wow. Look at that. Amazing. Why Do you have all the mar you have? Look, you get bit by bugs. You have like, no, I'm a cook, so I burn myself a lot. Wow. You burn yourself a lot. It's incredible. It's amazing. Seems intentional. You're bad at it. Yeah, it's amazing. Somewhere out there, Emily orders some tacos. This fucking guy burns himself making 'em and Enrique picks them up and delivers them. What a weird world we're living in. Where you're You. know the life of your bucket pools throughout the day.


Alright, Chris, well you already have a joke book. Yes Sir. Okay, well there he goes. Chris Reese, let's keep it moving along now. Let's fly through it. You guys. Having fun out there, huh? All right. Your next comedian's been on before. Make some noise for the return. A brand new minute from Chen Ladies and gentlemen, the return of Chen. We know Chen, My friends used to call me gay when I came out as trans. They begged me to go back to being gay.


Apparently if you suck a dick, it's pretty gay. But if you're sucking a dick while wearing a dress that makes it super gay. Sometimes people ask me, Hey, are you trans? And I would go, guess, but if you guess it wrong, I'll have to fist you. And lastly, it's not easy being trans. So sometimes I joke with my boyfriend about how much easier it would be for me to transition from a taker to a giver.


He immediately offered to help me transition from a life to dead. Thank you. Lucky at Chen. Having the Texas crowd very confused right now. I love it. There's nothing people from Texas love more than than a, than a trans Eskimo coming up and talking about sucking dicks while wearing dresses. This is incredible. Chen, welcome back to the show. Yes, good to see you again. We see each other a lot around. You're always up and down sixth Street. Yes. And so welcome, welcome. You've been on the show. Thank you. Multiple times.


And how is it going? I've been doing comedy, but I'm actually also doing a DJing on every Tuesday night shows next door at Shakespeare's. Okay. Yeah. What type of music do you play? Do you start with like cool, manly stuff and then get into female stuff as the night goes on? No, I actually have different tracks for different like, so obviously I have to have all the ethnic stuff. Right. Like low riders if a Mexican gets on or like some of, is That how it works? Yeah. And you just wait to see who walks in? Yes. And and and it's kind of messed up because sometimes I, I look at the guest of the list of comedians and then, and then it's like suddenly they have a drop in and I was just about to hit one ethnic song and they were like, Nope, not that one.


Right. So, so what would you play if these two blatant white guys that look like they holstered their guns in their truck before coming here into this place? What would you play if they walked? What do we got? Centia or Look at that They're both nodding. Yes. They like this idea. You got it. Got 'em both Noded at the same time. Yes. And the other one would be, depending on how they, how goofy they look. Sometimes I play the new Scooby Doo theme song for them. Wow. Funny. Look at you Scooby Dooby do. But wait, I, I don't understand. You're saying you play songs when people walk into the Bar To I don missing something?


No, this is for like comedians going up and off stage. So like Introduction music. They do Shows at Shakespeares? Yes. Oh, I didn't know that. Okay. I, I wish, I wish I have a band like this, but sometimes. Oh, I see. I bet you fucking do. God damn right. Wouldn't everybody like a band like this? Okay, so I get it. So you're playing comedians up, you're DJing at the comedy show. Yes. So you're not doing like DJ sets, Not DJ sets. Right. So not full songs. I get it. Learning about comedy helps because I can do comedic timing with them. Mean they're really struggling. So what's Up with your dick and balls and everything? Let's get to the stuff that everybody's waiting for.


Of course. Course, course. I'm just gonna try to make a smooth transition, but you're clearly not. So let's jump right into it. Okay. I guess tits are the tits. Tits are tits. We've had a couple of those on stage tonight. No, No, no, no. Not like that. I'm saying Enrique and Chris Reese both had tits. In fact, everybody's had tits that's been on this stage tonight. No, I meant it at some point. It actually feels better than Dick. To what? Tits. At some point Tits do feel better than Dick Tits. What the fuck Are you talking about? What do you mean? You just transitioned from white to Asian. Yeah. Tit feel better than Dick.


Dick all Bobby. She, let's get back to it. Sure. Tits I. don having tits feels better than having a dick sometimes. Is that what you're saying? The sensitivity. So, Oh, the sensitivity. Oh, you Ask everyone the question. I sheath my sword between my legs. I rej the comedy show. You can no longer find my catan, By the way, by the way, hitting play and pause on Spotify, on an iPhone as a comic.


Wa That's not DJing. That's not, it's let's not get carried. He's talking like he's fucking kid. Cuddy on fucking right. Yeah. Okay. It's not DJing, but I do use Audacity to make sure, because You know, like people, comedians go on stage. It only takes like, what, 10 seconds, 15 seconds. How do I get to the good part where people will Actually too excited? You cannot play a long time. Yeah. Oh, let's get back to the transition thing. Somehow we went back to DJing. I want to keep moving forward here. So what's going on with all that stuff? T feel better than Dick. What's next? Well, Al well, Al well. Okay. And, and I guess when I feel really horny, I do feel like a pressure in the Gucci area.


Tell us more about that. Everybody here wants to know the Santeria guys are vomiting in their cups right now. What the fuck is this show, Gloria? This is fucking disgusting. God. Naomi, Have your, have your, are your parents still alive or have they on or killed themselves? They have transitioned to dead. Well, my biological father haven't been re returning my texts. Right. And my Wow. That tracks. And my, my mom wants to me to be normal wherever normal means. And she wants my hair on a platter for her birthday.


Which I don think, Hey, no, Normal is, you don't know. Are you a guy? Wait, are you born a a, a male or a female because you're one of those trans, I don't know which way. And when I'm trying to figure out, did you go male to female? Female to male? I respect both your choices, but I just don't Know It. It's male to female. Male to female. Okay, cool. 'cause you're kind of in between Yeah. To make it. I respect it. Yeah, I know. Hey, that I like that shit. So you You know what I mean? I've never thought I'd meet the trans Milan. And this is is what Disney wants. This is what they get. And I support Disney. I have a special coming out on Hulu in February.


So just know Thats hundred percent. Yes. So how's it going? The transition, what's the next move for you? Dad's leaving you on red. I, I guess, I guess in the way I'm looking for other outlets to, to to, to make it seem like it's all worth it. Right. Because I have to prove to my parents that I can stand on my own. Right. Yeah. Right. Because there's no other way to convince them I'm dead to them unless I'm somebody. Right. So it's like, No. Yeah, no. You are somebody, you are just somebody that put their dick in a Chinese finger trap and, but that's Fine.


And the harder you pull. Yes. You were the craziest part about this transition. This guy used to be white You know folks. I am raised by a white stepfather if that explains anything. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. What would that explain If I sound white sometimes or like white things, I guess. Right, Right. So your mom and dad separated when you were young? Yes, when I was three. Okay. And Chen was my original last name when I was first born into this world. Wow. You've even, yes. You've even transitioned names at some point in your life.


In a way, it's for me to reconnect with my past. Okay. Very, very. Were you born in Chi? Is That it? Were you born in China? Yes, I was born in Wuhan. You were you really? Oh Wow. Wow. There. It's, Wow. Oh it's, Wow. Is there anything not wrong with you? This guy's like, I've seen enough. God damnit, son of a bitch. Wow. Okay. See, when did you come here from Wuhan? I was born in Wuhan and I grew up in the Southern China until I was 10.


But then I moved to America and grew up in New Mexico. What, let me ask you a question. Was your father Dr. Fauci? Did he, did he also make you in a lab? No, no, no. He's just a middle management white guy I guess. Okay. Wow. Well, it's good that you transitioned female here. 'cause they would've killed you for that in China. No girls. Maybe that, that's why requires some sort of deception to come out. Not get killed first then. Are you a spy? No. No. No. Oh, okay. 'cause I You Know how they kill like female babies. Yes, exactly. That's what I meant. Okay. John.


Jesus. I Just want To know. I love it. Okay. Chen, you have a joke book already. Yes. You've been on this show numerous times. There goes Chen, everyone. Thank you. Nice work. Keep going Chen. Good stuff. Really good Stuff. Alright, we have a special treat for y'all, Ladies and gentlemen going up one of the elite golden ticket winners of the history of the show from Toronto, Canada. Ladies and gentlemen, here's a brand new minute from the great Jared, Nathan, everybody here he is.


What's up the ship? I was on Amazon. Look up electronics. I found an explosive deals on on pages and cell phones.


They only sh Sh To Ooh, Lebanon. I was too scared to call customer service. Thank you. Fuck. yeah. Jared, Nathan. That stutter's getting pretty fucking thick and girthy over there. I gotta tell ya. I gotta run with it. Tony. Okie dokey. The fucking turn.


Sometimes I gotta, yeah. Swim up stream. You know. I think it's great. Joe, if you've ever wondered what you're like after the 15 drinks we have at night, that's basically what I deal with. Johnny, why you going home? I ever tell you about how much I enjoy that night In Madison. A square garden. I sound a lot. You bad. Nice. Bad. Better than you look Joe. Thank you. All right. Thank you. That's right. Thank You. I felt every word of that.


Yeah. Sorry man. Sometimes I, sometimes I think people need a sh shower. Oh, I thought you were gonna say shut the fuck up. Right? That I was wrong. You threw me off. I switch it up sometimes, motherfucker. God damn right. God damn right. I have the hard R award that you bestowed upon me at Madison Square Garden, which gives me permission, I believe, to say the words. What? What do I get? What does that, what does that mean? I never really got ard. Okay. Very good. Which I freely used before, but now I feel Tony Rosa.


Now I think about you. When I do it, I feel like I have permission to do it. It's sitting with all my other trophies from the amazing, many other amazing things that I'm great at. And it sits there. The hard R award for you. Nice. Sometimes It takes more than no one. You son of a bitch. You son of a motherfucker. Yes, I am. What's going on? Jared, tell us more about your actual life. You enjoying Austin, Texas? What do you I Enjoying Austin, Texas. You living here, what are you doing? I come here time to time. I'm trying to come in more often.


I'm working on my visa. Visa, yep. Right now. And I'm starting to, yeah. I wanna come here more often. Canada, I love Boston. Canada doesn't let you just do whatever the fuck you want. It's a communist country You know. It is. It is. You're hearing it straight from the source. Tony some fucked up thing that happened to me before I came here. Tell us. I had my fucking tricycle stone. Yes. I rode a trike.


don don't, I'm not afraid. What kind of trike was this? A true tricycle? It was awin old school. True tricycle. Four wheels. Four wheels swing. It was four wheels Or One wheel. Two wheels in a back. Right? Three wheels. Sorry. Three Wheel. Three wheel motherfucker. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. So this was in Canada. You're out in Canada riding your tricycle. Yes. And where did you park it? Where did some slimy Canadian get their hands on your tricycle? You were at a school?


No, I was not at a school. Okay, where were you? I was at a, I walked it up right behind like a parking lot, right behind a boating that my mom owns Down. A what? That my mom owns a boating Jesus Christ On What the fuck is going on with you tonight? Can I point, Can I point out this glass was empty Before he started talking? Dude, he is fucking work. That's crazy. My mom owns a building that used to store my bike at and some ablest motherfuckers cut the fucking chain and yeah, it's probably just a middle school kid.


Or it's probably not like a gangster or anything. Yeah, It was Joe Rosa. Oh, My. goodness. How dare you. How dare you need To cut around. What's it like looking at yourself if you had one more chromosome? It's amazing, right? You're so close to that. And Joe, you're so close to that. I mean, it's unbelievable. Look at that. It's a before and slightly after. Who's worse? You know the answer to that, Joe Rosa. That's right. No doubt about it.


No doubt about it. Except that. No, but despite my track being stolen, I've been doing shows over Canada. Yeah. Check out on Sharon. Nathan comedy Shutting down and serenading comedy. Check out my dates and oh, chair Nathan come Dates. What ma? What? You're a little bit more stuttery and you're a little more retarded than usual. Honestly. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't know what's going on with you. I've Been kind of sick for a couple days. You've been sick. Sick. I've been sick. Just oh Jesus kind of shit. What the, I've never been happy to be in my seat.


You're getting it all. Jared, what the fuck would make you come here if you're sick? This is why this is karma. This is why your tricycle got stolen. Jared, you're out here not caring about others. The Show always has to go on You know. No, no, no. It doesn't always have to go on. No, it doesn't always have to go on. You're gonna get everybody sick, which is a good thing for the guy in the douchy Gucci hat. But a bad thing for everybody else around us. What were your Symptoms? I took, He wasn't retarded before this. So Oz is about to hit a whole new loa over here. I've just been puking and feel like shit so I can Oh, Puking.


Okay. Put the fucking mic in the mic Stand. Jesus Christ. Jerry, are we gonna switch mics? Do we have a mic switch that we can do? Ugh. I'd rather blow Chen Than fucking Jerry. Put the Get outta here. God damn It. You just hugged me too. You hugged me. We have to make sure people aren't sick from now on because I guess that's not a thing. There he goes. Go. Go home, Jared. Ugh. Go home and get better. I know his fucking sky Was Lord Ight. The stick was laughing. Insane. There is Jared, Nathan spin everywhere. How about a hand for the lovely Heidi?


Am I right? Just unbelievable. Is that a new mic or the same one? Oh, it's clean. She's wiping it all off. How about another hand for Heidi? Everybody,


this podcast is brought to you by sendthevote. Folks. Election day is coming up on November 5th and there's a website, sendthevote dot org slash Tony that makes registering to vote easy. It's nonpartisan, meaning they don't care who you're voting for, they just want to ensure you can vote. Red band. That's Right, Tony. All you have to do is head over to sendthevote dot org slash Tony and they'll help you sign up, register and check if you're all set. You can also text TONY to 3 3 0 2 2. That's 3 3 0 2 2 to learn more. That's TONY to 3 3 0 2 2 thanks to sendthevote for sponsoring this podcast.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. You might say all kinds of stuff from things go wrong, but these are the words you really need to remember. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. They've got options to fit your unique insurance needs. Meaning you can talk to your agent to choose the coverage you need. Have coverage options to protect the things you value most. File a claim right on the State Farm mobile app and even reach a real person when you need to talk to someone like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. I meant those blackout motorized Shades. lime.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy. I installed these and then got sound from my mom. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall Of Fame Sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Blinds.com is the goat Shop blinds.com right now and Get up to 45% off select styles, rules, and restrictions may apply.


Alright, your next comedian out of the bucket. One word name. That's always fun. Let's see what happens here. The comedy stylings of Soul. Everybody. Soul. SOUL. What's up KILL? TONY. If Jared didn't give you all Covid, I'm here to make sure it sticks. Shit. Is he okay on this mic? I appreciate it. Any adoptees in the house, Joe? I know. Okay. Yeah, that's what happens when you fail the SAT. I got a 2,400. I was three years old. I thought that shit was pretty good. Not good enough for Asian parents. Fuck that man. Ship your ass to America You. know the only people that can afford you. White people.


Thank you Bob and Donna. Any white people that grab Bob and Donna. Thank you man. Thank you. Shit. We'll eat anything man. So when you think about the bedroom, ladies, ladies, get with a nation. I don't care what you think about our fucking small dick stereotype. My people eat dogs. I'll tear a little kitty up so You know like we we'll do whatever it takes. Fuck that. It is not always like fresh fellas. It's not HEB You know. Sometimes it's discount bottom row sushi. So I keep soy sauce packets in my pocket just to flavor it up. I'm cool. I'm an American. Dammit. Soy sauce and ranch. Whatever it's, see, I'll eat that cat. Thank you. I'll KILL.


TONY. So incredible to see. How you doing? Tony. Big fan. You twice in the same night you went backstage, got a haircut in your back. It's Chen, everybody. Chen Chen has decided to please her father, you've chosen the right path. I'm A real boy. Tony. I'm not. I'm not Chen. I love Chen. Put the racist Chinese music guys. Oh, it's you now. You guys switched. It's unbelievable the racism up here. So how are you today? No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Sol, you've been on this show before.


I remember your face. Yes Sir. We've met outside the show, but I've followed You, guys since HEB Arena, new Year's. I live in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, but I come and You know, use my VA benefit very well. Drive up here. va. Va. For which army? Vietnam. What Branch of the military Were you in Fucking vaccinated Americans? No, I, I was in the Chair Force Air Force Air Force. Shout out to y'all. Hey, see? Ah, real soldier over there. Kamikaze. What did you do in the Air Force? Remind us. Oh, nah, I've never been on the show. You've just always seen me out and about because Oh, I've been following you to every Oh, okay.


Every arena show that I could with Sarge. So. Great. So what did you do in the Air Force Customer service? I worked at Chow Hall. What? Now? They call it a dining facility to be politically correct. I just served fried rice. Okie dokey. What do you do for work now? So, When I'm out here, I'll like rent a ride, share car, and I'll drive people around. So I'm at the Austin Airport 25 times a week. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. The driver that everybody hates to pull up to Quit canceling your rides. I Just noticed your southern accent too. I thought it was Asian the whole time.


And then I was like, oh no, that's a southern, you have a little draw. I just noticed it. It just, I'm a chameleon. I've been traveling so much, but You know South Korean. don don't know South Korea. Oh, That's why it's eo. Exactly. It's so, like how I play a lot of urban rooms too. Korean soul You know. When you said a guy named Saul, I thought a black guy was I I know. So did I. Yeah, but it's, I don't use my government name. I don't. Right. Yeah. Use That shit. Okay. Why, why, why not? Just outta curiosity. You're, you don't like the government. You don't trust them. Them, It's North Korea. I don't, no, I just don't use it. Just You know. Like, now that I'm outta the military, I can't use it. It's, it's Eric Shun on IMDB, the Shun family. Okay. All right.


Jesus Christ Soul. Just answer the questions like directly. Sorry. T It's okay. So what do you do for work when you're in Gatlinburg, Tennessee? What keeps you in Gatlinburg? I mean, my mom and dad are still alive, but they're in their upper seventies, so I'm a caretaker by, not by choice. Okay. Adorable. Boomerang kids. What? Boomerang generation. Like after my military, I retired, but I still go back there, drive for them. That's how bad it is. They have me as a driver There. It's again, unbelievable. Unbelievable. Okay, Robin, done It. So your parents are old, you're taking care of them, you're driving them around, you're doing this, you're doing that. What else do you do? What do you do for fun? To relax like a guilty pleasure for you?


I mean, I'm never like a feature performer, but I'm always helping comics. Like this last gang fest, I drove Jamar neighbors artwork down to Las Vegas. I mean, anytime it's comedy related, my You know just comics of every variety if I can do anything for 'em. How Old are you? 42. 42. You have any kids? No. No. How come? What happened? Freedom. They, Yeah. The women pull Out. That's by choice. Do you have a girlfriend? No. No, No. Never been married. And once the, once the 20 minutes is over, the the happy ending is over. Okay. Have you, you've never been married?


No. Well, I was, yeah, back when I was Air Force. You're tough interview soul. These are pretty easy questions. It was 2002. We were together for oh six and then we were separated the rest of the time. We got 2010. What Happened with it? I was pursuing entertainment. So anyone entertainment? You pursue entertainment full time. and you, so I don't understand what you're talking about. Yeah. These are, what Do you mean? No, you got divorced over personal entertainment. Is that what you just said? No, because she said I Was Don't, don't go. No. Like I'm the fucking asshole. Right. Because I can't follow what the fuck you're talking about. You know. She said my choice of career, even though I was military and I had that steady reserve check. Oh, You know. I was just a loose cannon.


It wasn't providing security. So really, You seem like a real stable pick. What did she do for work? She, Easy Question was working at the airport. She was working at the airport? Yeah. What was she doing at the airport? She was working customer ser. This was oh six customer service. Okay. Okay. You had a lot of Yeah, A lot of customer service. I try to regress. I I suppress memories. Okay. Yes. Of exes. You gambling man. You like to gamble. You look like you. I'm not good at it, but I'll play Squat down and play dice all day. Yep. In the squatting position. Not fully seated, but bent all.


Yes, exactly. No, I play roulette. I play, I lose a roulette. I'm always betting. I'm black. Okay. Alright. Anything else interesting about your life before I let you go? You're one of the hardest interviews of the history of the show. I'm sorry, Tony. You've Mentally prepared for this forever. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm trying to find my birth mom, so, okay. Let's, I would use a platform like that. Lets try on, Where's your, where's where do you think your birth mom is? Probably on Facebook blocking me. don Don't know. Like, the only information I have is that my dad died in, I was like born in March. He died in December.


I've got her name and I've got my name and my sister's name. So the, the white people that bought us, they kept us together. Incredible. We're Good people. You're trying to find your mom and at the same time, you do not want to give your actual name. What a conundrum we find ourselves in. No, it's Jua. Ysu. I'm so American. Oh yeah. Totally easy to spell. We got it. That's why I go by soul. In fact, your mom's here now. Let's bring her up. Where is she at? Do we have her? Is there an Asian woman here? Alright. Okay, so we're gonna get you outta here. Welcome to the show. In here, my friend is a little joke book for you. There. you go, how about a hand for soul? Everybody, good joke, soul, sign up again.


Come back. Fucking prepare and fucking be honest during the interview. Everybody wants to make a joke or fucking be silly. But you're gonna do that. You gotta give us something. Let's see how this goes. Ladies and gentlemen, A new minute from Drew Santana. This looks like a new name. Drew Santana. What's up? This is, this is fun. I saw this, I saw this tranny walking sixth Street earlier. She actually tripped over her deck. Yeah, she, she tripped over, she scraped up her lady penis.


She bruised up her big fake titties. Women. Am I right? Yeah. I think it's, I think it's, I think it's really ironic how black people call their cars whips. You Okay? You okay? Like, I, like I, I'd never, I'd never like pull up with the homies in my taxes You.


know what I'm saying? It's a, it's a little on the nose. Thank you. Alright. True Santana, man, you had that whips joke the whole time and you started with that weird tranny trip on a dick thing. It's unbelievable. Hello? Hello? How long you been doing standup? It's probably 10, 8, 10 months now. Eight, 10 months now. Where are you from? I'm From Denver. Denver, Colorado. You still live there? I live here now. I just moved out here. What made you move to Austin, Texas? The comedy, right? This whole thing.


Absolutely. How do you make a living Drew? How old are you? 26. Okay. What do you do for work? The other night I went out miming. Really? You know how to m It was a, it was a off the cuff thing. How many of You guys wanna see a mime? Gimme some mime music. Gimme some mime music. It is my music. Everybody. Oh shit. Oh, he is got Oh, My. God. Whoa. Oh, My. goodness. For those of you just listening to the podcast, I believe he is heading a gerbil of some kind.


Actually, You know what's happening at all. It might be a Nintendo switch. Oh, oh, he is. Alright. All right. Is this getting somewhere true? Oh, don't fuck with the cool black guy. Oh, he assumed the cool black guy would want light his joints. Okay, drew, that's enough. That's the dumbest shit I've ever seen. Literally anybody can do that. Drew. Barely miming at all. Joe, I Can't, I You have a beautiful gift inside of you, which is doubly shocking that it's miming because you look like Satan. You literally look like the devil.


And I can't believe that you're able to mime like that. That's really incredible. Thank you. I appreciate You're welcome. You do you kind of like a Ted Bundy vibe, right? A little bit, yeah. But a good, like a new one. You know. Yeah. The low hanging fruit is that looks scary and gay. Like a gay vampire. Yeah. You know. HPV Lovecraft. Do you have, like, do you have dark thoughts Sometimes you look like you have dark thoughts. I think that's what we all agree on. You look like you think about doing bad things all the time. Stark thoughts. Yeah. You look Like you'll only sign a cell phone contract in blood. Yeah. What do you do for fun? Let's start there. When you're not hanging out with friends, hitting open mics, what Do you do with your friends?


Try to make each other laugh. That's always, that's always a good time. Smoking weed. That's classic, right? The You know. Just the, do You smoke actual weed or just m Joints? I, yes. Yes. Do you have actual friends or they just also mine friends. Is anything real? It's all imaginary. Yeah. Okay. What's your love life like? Who do you have tied up to your studio apartment right now? Well, Obviously don don't know her name. Nice. All right. But seriously, how's that going for you? You into that at all?


Yeah. You know. I'm trying to, there's the issue. Yeah. I don't, I'm like a deer in headlights with women. You know. Like, I just, I don't do well. Like you're, you're looking at me. don don't know how I'm having this conversation right now. Like, I would, I normally, like it's Wait, you're talking about her. You're like, you're looking at me. You're talking to her. Oh, she's making, you're like shy 'cause a woman's looking at you. Yeah. This is normally, I, I freeze and I can't talk. When a a pre girl makes eye contact, it's, it's, it's a Watch. Okay. This is very exciting. Drew. I gotta tell you, they probably don't feel loose and comfortable with you either. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see if we can, this is a little segment that we like to call break and incel.


Ladies and gentlemen, can we get Heidi up here? Can we get the lovely Heidi here? Oh no. It's a very special segment. No big deal. Just one of the most beautiful women imaginable on planet Earth. Just an absolute bundle of perfection right in front of you. Look directly in her eyes. Drew, drew, keep eye contact. Drew. Just lock eyes. How do you feel right now? Drew? I really have to pee. Oh, great. Opening line, drew. Oh, My. goodness. Someone's getting wet down there and it's going to be you. Drew Drew's about to piss his pants. Ladies and gentlemen.


Okay, drew, look her in the eyes. Drew, I know you wanna fix the mic. Stand nervously right now. Tell us some of the feelings going through your mind right now as you look at a stunning woman. Keep eye contact with her while saying the things I panic run don. Don't have any money. I Piss yourself. Drew, piss yourself right now. We wanna see the slo. Alright. Okay. Give us an idea of what an opening line with Heidi. Heidi, why don't you open things up? I always like, you're so conversational. You see a guy like this on this street. What do you say to a stud like this? Grab OSA's microphone here. I don't want you to share one with all these sick retards up here tonight.


Okay, Heidi, you're gonna give him a shot and you say, Do you need a dollar or something? Oh, Heidi, be nice. Come on, start. Nice. Come on. Heidi's a fucking cold-blooded assassin. She was raised around us wolves here. No, but I, I do need your number. Whoa, there. It's good for you For there. It's holy shit. Shit. Come On, dude. Straight to the number. Okay, let's try another round. Here we go. Round two of what, what the fuck is going on? Heidi says, A nice line and you react in any way. Heidi, How's your day going?


Come on, dude. Think, think, think your fav, think a line from your favorite movie. Go. How about this? It likes it when you put the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion on its skin. Or it gets Get back to it. She asks you the, it Puts unbelievably puts the number in my phone. No, no, no. Okay. Drew, relax. Let's Remind me your Phone. Yeah, that's okay. Okay, everybody relax. Everybody relax. Okay. Drew, she asks you, how's your day Going? Better now that I'm talking to you. Thank you. How, how about you? How's your day going? This is, You're welcome. My day's going great. That's so far so good. Yeah. Oh, Holy shit.


Drew. This is unbelievable. Heidi, say something else easy and nice to him. Let's see how he reacts. Just say, where Did you grow up? Drew? Denver. Yeah. And how was it living in Denver? Did you climb any mountains? No. No. We What did you do for fun in Denver? Yeah. You know I never put myself in a position like this normally. Oh, Oh, My, God. Okay, we're gonna, we're not bad.


It's Not that hard. I swear. Dude. Come on. Mime. Mime. Come on. Do Something. That's okay. Drew mime confidence for Christ's sakes. Yeah, you're like mime comp. I, I. Alright Heidi, we've, you've shown us enough. Thank you, Heidi. How about another hand for the lovely Heidi? You nailed it, bro. You killed that shit, Dude. I, I do better when I can't say anything. Dude, you're gonna get the All right Drew.


Well, fun times. Good stuff. I love the whips joke. Yeah. Great joke, man. Thank You. Thank You guys. Appreciate how long you been doing it? Six years. What'd you say? It's been about like eight, 10 months. Right. and you wrote that whips joke. You just came up with that premise. Yeah. Amazing. I, Yes, I read all my stuff. Very good. Alright. All right. Tight here ya. And here's a little joke book There. you go Drew Santana onto the next one. Thank You. We're having fun out here. Another bucket pull. My goodness. Can you believe the buckling under the pressure of the young buck? Drew Santana? Anything can happen here. Alright, your next bucket poll goes by the name of Peyton Reddy.


Here we go. Peyton Reddy. Hey, good to be here. I got a girlfriend now. Sorry fellas. I was doing Tinder for a while and You know a lot of comics. They talk about Tinder 'cause it's like infamously the worst dating app. You know. But the craziest thing to me about Tinder is when I was doing that, when I created my profile, Tinder makes you pick like a whole bunch of hobbies and interests that show up on your profile. You cannot finish creating your profile without picking hobbies and interests. So Tinder gives you a big list of hobbies to pick from. I thought this was weird. Did You know you could pick Black Lives Matter as a hobby?


That's A hobby. I support Black Lives Matter. I mean, You know. That's not a hobby to me. That's just something that is, it's like food or something. I'm like, all right, yes. Black people acknowledged exist. If you don't know what a hobby is, a hobby is like something you can do after work. Like you can squeeze in with the free time, like playing the drums or something. You wanna do that with the lives of black people. That's your hobby. That's kind of fucked up. How do you explain that to somebody? Somebody's like, do you support Black Lives Matter? And you're like, I'll be honest, I have been swamped at work recently.


So B and Ready with a fantastic minute there. It is. A true minute. All on one subject. Punched up with jokes. Look at you. You're fucking adorable. Oh, Thanks. Oh, My. goodness. How long you been doing standup? I've Been You know a couple years. Years. Couple years. How old are You? I'm 23. I've been doing it. It'll be six years in November. Oh, nice. You started young. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Look at you. What are you, are you still drinking breast milk? What's going on over here? You are a plum little sweet thing. I, yeah, I've moved on. I've moved on in the recent weeks, but yes.


Wow. I've been easing off of it. But thanks for just exploiting me. Ab Absolutely incredible. You look like you use hard-boiled eggs as like zens. Just like, leave one in your mouth. Just fucking let it soak into your bloodstream. This is incredible to meet someone like you. Make henrique chacon look like a fucking hot chick. Thank you. I appreciate it. Paul, what do you do for work? Do you, what do you do? Drive Tonka trucks for a living. What exactly? No, I drink breast milk and I play with Tonka trucks. It varies. It's a difference. Yeah. I, no, I just moved here three weeks ago, so I don't have a job yet. Okay. Where'd you move from?


Chicago. Okay. Nice. Wow. It's great that we have the actual Live The Bean with us. Ladies and gentlemen. I can't believe the Bean found out that it became KILL TONY Folklore. And it also moved to Austin, Texas. This is incredible. Yeah, they expedited me overnight. I got shipped over here. It's full name Butter bean. Butter Bean. That's right. Amazing. This is incredible. Have people told you that you look like The Bean before? Have people called me fat? Is that what you're asking? You're like, well, have people ever called you a fat ass before? Yes. Welcome, welcome. Absolutely.


This is what you're, if you had a son, if you made a baby sometime red band, this is what it would come out looking like. Just a little fucking look at this fucking absolute little butterball. Stop a sweet fucking, I didn't realize that. This, I've heard of snow men. I've heard, never heard of Snow Boys before. This is incredible. Yeah, you're like frosting the snowman. That's pretty good. You're on the edge of stealing my act. So you gotta be careful. Hey, I love it. There's no edges to you buddy. Fully rounded. Yeah. And Holy shit. You are a fucking superstar.


There's no doubt about it. 23 years old. Yeah. Six years into the game. Yeah. You, you're here in the comedy capital of the world. You just did a minute, 15 seconds all on the same subject, which is very telling. A lot of people change directions and try to get, squeeze in a lot of their best different jokes. You're, you're clearly showing that you have experience and, and poise in the pocket. I agree. And by pocket, I mean the Hot pocket that you hate right before this. I've moved on to Lean Pockets recently. Whoa. Oh cha cha cha cha changes. You spend the extra dollar, you're still as fat. So it's, Is that true?


That lean pockets are a little more expensive? That's Not true. I, I don't know the market on 'em, honestly. I was just That's True. Our senior frozen food correspondent, Brian Redband says It's not true. Not true. A man who microwaves 90% of his meals. I'm going to go with his boat here on this one. Wow. You had great, like just you, your presence was great. And then I love that you were pausing, making, getting laughs outta the faces. Thanks You. know the reactions to what you were saying was fucking great. Yeah. I appreciate, I just feel like, I feel like You know just in a minute. I could tell like you had more time to like stretch it out. It would be really good You know for your comedy on your body. Yeah. And So, but am I fat? What's happening?


I'm not They keep making 'em. I don't can. No, no, but you look good though, like that. I'm telling you dude, you like it fits you. No, I'm being serious. No one has endorsed obesity more than Chris here tonight. I'm telling you. You look good, dude. You look, I tell you you're a star. Don't change a thing. He looks good man. He's a Predator. No, you really do. Exactly. Chris. Chris has A type and he's very clear. As A matter of fact, You know what? You're coming with Me to Dallas too this weekend. Alright. Holy. I've got both of them in there. I want, yeah, he did alright. On Saturday. I coming to my show. I got 500 Pounds of fun. All these comics think it's a break. Chris needs people to fill seats.


The bigger the better. Amazing. Have you ever been to Dallas before? No, I've never been to Dallas. Wow. All right. Good. Only been to Austin. Amazing. Well, the buyer's club, unfortunately for you is not a sandwich. That's, That's a Shame. So what's your living situation like? You got a one bedroom, one kitchen. It's a half bath. Three kitchens. I Love it. I have round the clock chefs. Tony. I You got roommates or what? What's going on? Yeah. I'm just crashing on a buddy's couch right now. I love it. I love it. I'm not coming. Forget it. Dallas is over.


Chris. Forget it. Absolutely incredible. Dude. People walk into the apartment sometimes, go and say to your roommate, oh, there's a couch on your couch. Why is there, why do you have two couches? They go, oh, Is this one of those couches that folds out? Like those coffee tables? The thing kind of come. Yeah. It's one of those couches that breathes kind of. Ah, I've Seen those. Yeah. What kind of, how you getting around? You got a car? I roll. Yeah. Perfect. That's what I was getting at. This guy's good. Taking the momentum. Rolling with it. This is very good.


Very, very good. So what's your goal for getting a job? You've moved, you've lived here, what'd you say? Three weeks? Yeah, Three weeks Ago. Okay. So what's the, what's, what do we gotta do here? How can we help you? You name what you're good at and we're going to help. You want a little hard hat? A hard, you have a hard hat. A Little hard hat. You would look adorable. And a hard hat. I would love a hard hat. don. Don't know why. I wanna put a hard hat. How many you think we should put a hard hat on this hat? What do you do for work? What's That? What are you good at? What are you trained in? What can you possibly do here? How can you contribute to the economy in Austin, Texas? I worked a lot of restaurant jobs growing up. So You worked them or You Worked in Why? My business was given to the restaurants growing up.


No, I've, I did You know line cook and server and all that. How Would you like to burn yourself at Torchy's Tacos? I know a guy, I'm gonna, can I Tell you what's fascinating? You're sweating the least out of every Performance. It is amazing. I notice that as well. I'm like, you got Enrique up here fucking wiping his face. Like a, like we're in a thunderstorm or something like that. Just like when you the highest level of windshield wiper. Gang, gang, gang. And this guy's not a fucking drip. No, no. I'm a professional. Absolutely incredible. Absolutely incredible.


Amazing. I fucking love it. You are one of the funniest people that have ever come on this stage with Lunchables in their pockets before. This is incredible. Yeah. What's the longest set you've ever done? I did. I've done like 35 before at You know. Just like you headline, some terrible bar show. I'd Love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. I'd love to do it. I'd love to do it. The first big joke book of the night to a big boy, Peyton Ruddy has made his KILL TONY debut. He got me, he got me dip.


I have a feeling. and you are gonna see a lot of that kid someday. I'm normally very right about these things. Bobby Hill, Peyton Ruddy. R-U-D-D-Y. Peyton Ruddy Comedy on social media. Watch it blow up. This is an interesting name. Almost no way that I could say this correctly. But I'm gonna try make some noise for The. KILL TONY debut a cricket. Hello, my name is George and that's not even a joke.


I am from Montenegro and Montenegro in Spanish. And Italian means a black mountain. Right? Which makes me a black mountain man. Or as we like to call us. I am a Montenegro. Oh, shut up. I can say it. Oh, shut up. Well, if you don't like that hard at the, and you can just call me a montega. It's fine. We like it. Well, you have to understand I have right to say it. 'cause we were a slaves for 500 years, right. Under a Turkish empire. So I heard some of You guys got a reparations for a slavery. Well that's why this Montenegro is here tonight.


I need some reparations too. All right. And that would be my minute. Okay. All right. I think a lot of people are leaving right now. What do we think black guy? Are we letting him get away with that? What's going on over here? I know that edible is in full force right now. You must be thinking there's no fucking way. He just said what? I think he said. Perfect. Perfect. Nothing at all. All is well. Welcome.


Say your name one more time. Georgia. Georgia. Georgia. It's like George. So, yeah. Got my language. Thank you. Stick it over. Keep it going. Then the last name is, Oh, don't bother with thatch. Even people from my country can pronounce it really Good. Okay. Yeah. You mean the N words? What a surprise. A guy named Georgia. Drop the n bomb out here. This Geor. This Georgia hasn't seen showers in weeks though. The Other ones, you kind of, you kind of look like Jesus. If you lived on sixth Street. Well, I do live actually almost on the sixth Street. I live in my car.


It is sixth Street. Jesus. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm Homeless for the last three, four months. Okay. Okay. Look at You. I'm doing good. You're a happy homeless guy. I like it. Thank you sir. I like it. I appreciate. So tell us what it's like living on the streets. Oh, It's disgusting. Tell Us more. Well, Here, actually on the sixth streets, it's the worst. But I live actually on the Walmart, parkings. That's where I sleep. Where I park my car. 'cause I live in my car. Right. Yeah. And it's, it's, I don't know what to say, Tony. It's not nice. It's not good. But I'm sure I give us an Example of what it's like. A lot of these people, most of them have no idea. Well, so you're you, you, I'm at nighttime after you do standup and spots and stuff.


Right. That's kind of your routine. How long you been on standup? This is my first time. Oh, well then There, you go, okay, look at you. First time ever The true wanna escape You stage actually. Yeah. Just, you just found an art form where you can come out and say the N word a few times. Incredible. Well, If I can correct you, I'm not saying the N word. Right? I'm saying the M word first. That's true. Right, right. So there's a difference. Now I know if I wanna smile, I just have to say Monte beforehand. That is correct. I got bad news for you John. Yeah. You God ate. No, I'm kidding. And dude, I gotta get, I waited a long time for this moment.


You fucking mc. Loving McNugget. What were we saying? What's going on? Alright, what do you think about him? You think, oh, what do you think, John? I didn't hear him. Perfect. I love it. Thank God black guys do not pay attention to this show. It's incredible, dude. Don't even, if you ever get any flack for it, just blame it on the fentanyl. Right? That's it. Right. Say I was cracked out. It's all good. So I'm gonna get back to my original thing here. You, so you pull your car, what do you do at night if you're just starting standup now? What have you been doing in Austin all this time? Well, I got here 'cause of this show actually.


Okay. And I wanna, I used to be a semi-truck driver. So I, that's what I do for a living for a couple years now. And then I decide I wanna switch my profession. I wanna be a standup comedian from now on. So. Okay. And I think I have a bit that I can go with and I can play with and I can do, I don't mean to be rude with it. Ah, okay. But I can compare similarities between the N word and Monte. Right. You just looked directly at Jon Deas and signaled to him. Well, I Didn't mean to offend you if The KILL TONY show making immigrants homeless. Yes. 2015. Not only did we fill up arenas, we also fill up Walmart parking lots.


This is, there is a few homeless next to me. Really live in Walmart. They're all KILL TONY signups. Well, I'm not sure about That. Okay. Okay. So let's get back to that. So give us an example. What time of the day do you wake up? The sun comes up, you're in a car. I wake up five, 6:00 AM don don't know. Yes. A a life of luxury. The Walmart parking lot. And then what do you do? Then I go to the Walmart because there is a restroom. Right. I can wash my teeth. Right. I can take a shed. Right. Do the morning routines that people are doing. Absolutely. The morning everyone's doing it. Correct. And then after that I go work. I do have a work. It's a moving, so I do work for a different company.


Wait, Your work is another racial slur. Did you just say, what? Did you just say your work? I didn't Moving. Moving. Oh, moving. Yes sir. I thought you said something else. Sorry, I'm not gonna say what I thought you said you thought he said mole. That is what I thought he said. That's what it sounded like. I got you, bro. Yeah, right. Yeah. I got you. And a lot of back on me. Right. A Lot of accidental racial slurs happening up here with you. I can't imagine what you scream in your car in the middle of the night. Oh, My, God. So, okay. Then I do work, I work for a couple hours. Then what do you do Then? Come back here on the sixth Street. And I play guitar for a couple hours. Maybe one hour 30.


Oh, you guitar minutes. Yeah. Really? I just practiced. Well, that was only so, because it's my first time on the stage. So that's how I practiced. Just to be in front of the people. That's It. So you just started guitar too? No, couple, A few years ago. Couple of years ago. Yes sir. How often do you practice? Well, almost every day. You guys want to hear a song from fucking, oh shit, Georgia. But I don, We gotta fucking back up guitar. Right? I'm not gonna sing. We have the official KILL TONY guitar. We tuned up And ready To go tuned up and ready to go. Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. Here it is. Let's do both of these. Get 'em up here.


Okay. Georgia, I have a feeling, I have a weird feeling. Georgia's about to impress us here. He's got these homeless energies, these pent up fucking Georgia. Face the crowd. Face the crowd. You're, you're, you're trying to head back to the Walmart parking. Oh shit. He's calling out something to the band.


Whoa. All right. That's great. That's great. Great stuff. Great stuff. Oh, My. goodness gracious. Unbelievable. Wow. Hell yeah.


Absolutely. Georgia, how do you feel right now? You just played the world famous Ritz Theater. You're shaking right now. Yes sir. The energy of Stevie Ray Vaughan runs through you. Oh, I love that. Thank you. Yes, I love him. I love Stevie Ray. Of course. He played here on this very stage that you stand on and you look like he does right now. You look like the thank sir. Decades long decomposed corpse of Stevie Ray Bond. I love that. Hallelujah. Hell yeah. and you sleep on a Stevie Ray lawn. Okay. George Kreek fun times. You know it was your first set.


So You know what I'm gonna do instead of giving you a little joke book for the amount of laughs that you got, I want you to get some work done. I believe in you George. I think you have a lot of pent up. How old are you? I'm 33. 30. Oh My God. Yeah. You have a chance at this George Oh. My God. You've made it from the, from all you've escaped the Turkish rule in Montenegro. You are one of my favorite illegal immigrants. If we've ever had on this show, to be honest with you, you got fucking balls dude. And so I want you to start writing and fill up this KILL TONY joke book with some shit. Okay? Oh shit.


Yeah. Thank you. Try to use minimal N words in that joke book. There he goes, Georgia check. Oh, which one was first? Oh, okay. Alright. Make some moves to your next bucket hole. Bruno, Olivia Ra Bruno, Olivia, Bruno. Hold on guys. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Is Bruno here? Bruno Oliviera.


Bruno Ladies and gentlemen, here he is. What's going on? How's everyone doing? Nah, it's good man. This, this is Maru accent by the way. I'm not a, I'm not actually Mexican, so I just wanna put that out there. Everyone calls me a hector from Fast and Furious and shit. I can't see it now, You. know what I mean? But the other day I got called fucking people from down under. I'm like, what the fuck? Man? That's A fucked up thing to say, man. It's been a thank you. Appreciate that man. It's my, it's my first time here in Texas and shit.


You know like, which is cool. It's not too bad. I'm not gonna lie. I'm trying to hold my breath because I ran here and I'm not that fit. But yeah, it's weird man. It's weird. You know. But I hate when people say shit like fucking, oh, hey man, I, I had some dude come up to me and say, Hey man, you have very prison aids. And I'm like, Don know you bro. Like what the fuck? And it's like, I get it. I look like I did it, but I didn't do it You. know what I mean? That's what I'm saying, bro. You know. And it's like, people say shit like, fucking, hey man, you are quite intimidating. Like when I first met you, man, be actually a nice guy. I'm like, that shit hurts man. Because I got feelings too and shit. You know.


And it's just like fucking, I wanna keep going. But I guess Bruno Oliviera, that is maximum time. Hi Bruno. How you going mate? You up? Good day. Good day. So where are you from? Are you serious? What he is? Yahoo. Serious brother. That is a, did you say it during your set that If you were listening Me, that's an easy question. Is that a yes or a no? That Is, yes. Yes sir. So where was It? Australia. Right. Sometimes I have to do things and host a show and I miss a second. Every now and then. While You know what everybody that's fair enough.


Painlessly watches and enjoys themselves. So yes. Fair enough. You got me. No worries. Cunt. So is it Australia? Huh? Australia. Australia? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Very good. Okay. What brings you to America? I thought I'd check out comedy and shit. You know? I thought I would check out like the new Mexican places around here and stuff like that. You know, like sort the New, new Mexican places. No, I'm not. Well it's just people think I'm Mexican all the time, You. know what I mean? Right. People speak to me in Spanish. Even In Australia, do they think you're Mexican? Boy, there's no Mexicans there. That's the weird thing. Right? There's no Mexican, it's not that weird. It's nowhere near fucking Mexico. The Fucking 20 hour fight. Yeah, yeah. No, wait.


See? Like this is the thing. Like in Australia, people think I'm from New Zealand. Yeah. But over here people think I'm Mexican. Right? Either way. Yeah, either. Either whatever. You know what I mean? Yeah. But like, Either way you're not welcomed. Yeah. Wait, you sound like immigration bro. That's what the shit, like I was there for fucking 40 Minutes. Well, I'm sorry, I thought you were MS 13. I didn't know what else. I got my guard up. I'm not from the cartel man. I'm just gonna put that out there You. know what I mean? I'm just an ordinary dude. Thank you. I did laugh a few times at your set, I think. 'cause I thought it was funny or I might've been terrified. I'm not sure which it was. But I mean, I get the most people when I perform, they look scared.


I feel like they're forced to laugh. But You know what I mean? I'm here. So thank you for it being don. Don't know if you're laughing or not, but whatever. You know what I mean? Well, you've really leaned into the look You know. Well this is how I dress back home. You. know what I mean? So this is unintentional Mexican. Like I, I'm not even trying to, not really like this. This is how I dress. And, and like I see Mexican people walking past me, giving me the head nod and shit all the time. All the time. I can't even speak Spanish. I'm like, well s I'm not sure You know what I mean? I'm just saying. But yeah, that's, that's, that's, that's like the jits of it. You know what I mean? Absolutely. So how long have you been doing standup? Sorry, say it Again. How long have you been doing standup?


I've started like late 2 16, 2 17. So it's about seven, eight years. Okay. I'm trying to sound smart, bro. All right. So just get out. Don't try to sound smart. I'm sorry you don't look smart. There's no point in sounding smart. I look man, I completed a fucking senior high school and shit. You. know what I mean? So do you call it secondary school or something? Is that, is that what you No, We don't know what you're talking about. Yeah. Alright. I'm just a dumb cu then. All right. No, fair enough. There. You go. There, you go. You Called high school. Sorry? You said high School? High school. Yes. Yeah, we call it high school. Yeah. So what the fuck, bro? Like what the, Well you said secondary school. Yeah. And then you said 2 16, 2 17. I was like, that was, no, I Said MS 13. MS 13 is what I said. Alright Ms. Oh, you have ms. Yeah, I was What do you do for work Bruno?


I'm actually a scaffolder by trade. A scaffolder. A scaffolder? Yeah. Why do you look so surprised for You talking to me? No, I'm talking, no, I'm talking to the, no, I'm not trying to start a fight. I'm saying the second gentleman here. Yes, you sir. Yes, yes. I, I, no, I'm not I don. don don't know what scaffolding May just look scared. I'm sorry. You. know what I mean? You put up scaffolding. Yes. Put up scaffolding, Which is very Mexican. I was gonna say, that's Some Miss. That's what I was gonna say. At this point you're asking for, yeah Dude, I somebody I just drive me lowrider at the scaffolding location. Mow the lawn on my way in.


Whoa, Look at that. Wow. Oh, My goodness. Look who's coming. That's all I knew as well. You know. I mean it was free on. Okay. Jesus Christ. Do you have any special skills or talents? Australians can be a wacky multi-talented people. I mean, I like anime I, don Dunno if that helps I don know what that means as well. You get into fights as a kid, your nose is kind of fucked up. Is that from a lot of cocaine or getting beat up? That's called none your business, bro. Ah, Ah. That means cocaine is the answer. Ladies and gentlemen. That's it. A little bit of that Australian. The back of your head is caved in. What's happened in the back of your head? Can you fucking Stop bro? Please just Turn around and turn in the back of your Head.


Yeah, it's flat. I know I was flattened as a kid. Yeah, I don't know. Look, I got, Both of your hemispheres are fucked up. I mean, I could actually level a wall with the back of my head. You know what mean Another Mexican trait. There it Is. So wait, so what happened? You partied so hard that you busted your nose. Australians, by the way, a lot of people don't know this. I do know this. I once at one point in my life, toured Australia a lot. I am very close with a lot of Australians and a lot of people don't know. They all are heavily addicted to cocaine.


It's a thing. They do it like it's nothing there. Like we drink Bud Light or something like that. They all do it. Can you, can you expand on this? Am I correct? It's a big secret that they keep, meanwhile they force their own people to get vaccinated numerous times while everybody is already halfway to a heart attack. But go ahead tell us more. I mean, it's not all the cocaine, it's not that. That's not the whole story. Okay. Ev everyone's invested now. I'm scared of shit You. know what I mean? Now look like my nose got fucked up. Like when I was a kid. You know. I mean, what happened? Do we have to go there? Oh, My. goodness. Of all the things you're so nervous to talk about how your nose became flat halfway up.


Yeah man, you'll make me feel rude, self conscious about how it look now, man. You know. You should, you Should. I mean You dude, somebody kicked in your nose so hard caved in the back of your head. Yeah, we wanna know about it. That's fucked up man. If you Feel, if you feel too self-conscious about the way you look, just stare at Joe OSA's face for a second. You know. I mean, look like fucking, I was like, I used to do boxing and shit like that. Like You. know what I mean? So that's also part of the flat. And what's not just the cocaine, it's also the boxing. Those A bit of Miss Cocaine was first out of the boxing man. I Started when I was 10, bro. I didn't do cocaine until I was like nine and a half.


So let's get that straight There You go. So you also box to escape your country. Very Mexican. Yeah. A very Mexican. You gotta come off some new shit now. I keep saying the Mexican shit, man. You know. 'cause you keep hitting that note over and over. Yeah. Yeah. I can't believe how many Mexican boxes you're ticking right now. It's un I know the scaffolding that. Yeah, no, that's fair enough. But yeah, I don know where we go from here. 'cause I've never had this silence. So this is getting weird. This is getting weird. Hey. No, you're going Fine. You got your head looked at. Sorry. Have you, has a doctor talked to you about the back of your head? No. It's like, it's, I'm not saying I'm not, I'm just turn around. Show everybody the back here. Just show the back of your head, dude.


I'm, I'm gonna do so. Oh, Okay. Here it is. The big reveal. Whoa. Did you just swallow Me? Yeah, the crowd. Get The fuck outta you can, it's Like a blooming onion back there. Can I draw a face on the back of it? And then you turn around slowly like that. Can we do that? Come here. I'm gonna do it. This is, I need your permission though. Can I draw a face on the back of your head and then you reveal it? Fuck it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. This is fucking humiliating.


His head is so sweaty that it just eats the sharpie alive. It's not working. I didn't get one eye. It actually looks like your actual face. There's no nose. There's a no no. Oh. My God. This is the worst decision I've ever made to come here, man. The worst decision. This is amazing. What's the craziest thing that's ever happened to you, your entire life before I let you go? I feel like you've seen a lot. I feel like there's a lot of special fun facts about You. I mean Okay, I'll I'll say this. This one try like this one time I actually got my drink spiked. Right? So sorry, spiked. My drink was spiked. Yeah. No, because have to break it down. 'cause I say Was it, was it a margarita by chance?


Nah, I'm a real man. So I drank jack coke. So like I had, I had my Jacks and coke, multiple jacks one coke. So I had jacks, I had, I had a, yeah, lumberjacks and flathead. What Was more jack your coke or your nose At this time? Was both actually. Okay, perfect. So both, I was actually pretty fucked up. Okay. And so my drink got sparked. This sharpie literally doesn't work anymore. It absorbed all of the fucking, just read It alive the whole time. I was gonna just explain, I'm just gonna do this. I'm gonna rub it off. But, so I got My, your head has a wet back. Ticks another one. That's another box on the Mexican Yoni.


And it's actually wet as well. When I did it You know what I mean? It's fucked up. But, so I got my drink spiked and I went to the sparked next on Spark UFC on leash, on spa. Fucking watch the sport tea there, there fucking crocky. So, so my drink got spiked and I went to the restroom. You exaggerated. I'm just gonna keep exaggerating. Yeah. So let me let lemme say just, you're doing good. I just thank you. I appreciate you. But so my drink all spiked and I went to the, and I and I went to the restroom and the last thing I I remember is me at the urinal doing a piss and, and I woke up on the floor like puddle.


Yeah. What do you call it? Urine. What? We just piss. We don't do it. What the fuck? Oh Yeah. Yeah. That's why our economy's so much better than yours. Oh, we have to do the deer before we do the do do, do. We already did that by the time you talk about doing it. Right. Okay. That's fair. So I was pissing. I have to do a piss. So Yeah, I I have to go do a piss. Alright, go ahead. Yeah. Thank you man. Yeah, that was shit. But I, so I, so I was doing a piss. I was pissing and the last thing I remember is me on the floor with like a little puddle full of blood and shit like that. And I woke up and like the bouncer comes up. Like all, even though I was knocked out, I heard like the, like the, like someone calling like for a bouncer.


Oh fuck. Someone come in, You know this cunts all fucked up. And then, yeah, the Back of his head's fucking swelling out. I think he, I think he broke his fucking nose. Not just that the back of my head got fucked up too You. know what I mean? But like, like, so the bouncer wakes me up and then he is like, Hey man, hey, good day. Are you right bro? Yeah, G day mate. Are you all right? Crocky, that's a lot of blood. You know. But then he wakes me up. I like, man the fuck happened. And then he's like, oh, you actually slipped and you hit your head on the urinal. Oh shit. Yeah. So that's, You were doing a piss on the piss, did you? Yeah, bro. Right. Oh my, I got made pissed by the urinal.


Like, 'cause there's a saying. They was saying in Australia, if someone got made piss means that someone got fucked up. As in like, they got fucked up in a fight for as I said. So it's like I got made pissed by the pisser. That's right. It wasn't that funny. But you can't win all of them. Right? It's true. Much fucked. Yeah. Boxing match in your youth. And I got a chipped tooth and my nose are still fucked. But I also, I gotta scar here at the bottom and I, I woke up in a like hospital and shit, still confused about what happened. This is not where I thought that this story would go. Right. I didn't realize, I honestly reason for it would be clumsy. You know. I Thought so crazy. I mean, I'm not the smartest person that I know. You know what I mean? Right. It's Right. Don. Don't even think you're from Australia. Dude.


I think you had a traumatic brain injury. Injury and this new personality is will come out and you're actually from Guadalajara, like we assumed from the beginning. Yeah. And none of this is real. Ladies and gentlemen. Bruno. Bruno. Bruno, thank You so much. We appreciate you. Thank you. Is that Bru Bruno? Here's a medium sized joke book For you. Thank you. Oh Shit. There. you go, there's a black guy on edibles. It's like, what the hell? These joke books flying at me. Hey, over there There. you go buddy. There he goes. Bruno. Everyone what? What's that? These wild energies.


These Australians are wild. Alright, one last bucket bowl. Make some noise for him into Luke Wright. Everyone. Luke Wright. Well, hello all the people. My name's Luke. I, I identify as A B, BC. Badly balding Caucasian. Yeah. I had a pretty rough childhood. My dad beat me with conservative values.


Yeah, he is a big conspiracy theory guy too. You know. He thinks nine 11 was an inside job. I think that's pretty ridiculous. Like it cl pretty clearly happened outside. Yeah, we were a religious household too. You know. We went to church every Sunday. My You know. I I was a, I was a cute kid, so I had to beat the priest off of the pres off with a stick messed up. I mean, who wants to get beat off with a stick? Not that bad though. I, I, we would go get Mexican food after to get, make me feel better You know now.


Like whenever I want to feel like I'm back in my childhood, I just go and get some like nice al pastor tacos. Yeah. Only now I have to pay for Pastor Meat. My mouth. Oh, My. goodness. A lot of people pushing it to the limit here. Luke W Right? With a full set. Hi Luke. How's it going? How are you? I'm doing all right. How old are you? This is insane. This is awesome. This is like a dream come true. This is, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I How old are you? I'm good. I just came in for the festival. God, you don't believe me. Oh No. Didn't hear what He said. No. How old are you? Well, how Old am I? I I'm 23 years Old.


20. Oh wow. Three years old. You don't look a day over Joe Derosa. Why am I the go-to I've never seen, I've never seen back to back. Contestants have one has the worst back of the head and then the worst front of the head. Oh, My, God. You're aging worse than the homeless guy is. Well I would say like a fine wine, but there's nothing fine about this wine I don Dunno. Oh. Oh, that was amazing. That would amazing. Luke. So where are you from? I'm from Houston. Houston. And that's where you were born and raised? No, I was born and raised in Connecticut. Well, half and half. What made you, how long ago did you move to Houston?


About 12 years old. So like half of my life I was in Houston. Half of my life I was in Connecticut. and You just stayed 12 forever? Yeah. My, my body stayed 12. My face went to 30 real quick. Yeah. Okay. What do you do for work? Right now I'm working, I'm about to start working on Wednesday at an art gallery. Doing like guest services stuff. Okay. What did you do before this? I was actually working here in Austin. I was working at a migrant shelter. A migrant shelter? Yeah. Wow. What were you doing at the migrant shelter? Basically we would take people who got out of ice detention and we would give 'em a place to stay, get a get on their feet. Why don't You tell us some of this stuff that you learned there about how migrants are handled here?


Oh, in the great state of Texas. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. Yeah, I bet it is. Yeah. So It's a, people come across the border, right? And if you don't have a visa, you don't submit any papers beforehand. You're handled as an asylum seeker basically. So you go into ice detention and you're processed, they like do background checks, stuff like that. And then you're released and you're basically waiting on your case because everyone that comes into the country is fighting an immigration case. And once you're released from detention, you have to file application for asylum. And while that application is being processed, you have to wait 180 days until you're able to legally work in this country.


Right? So well, so people are let out of prison and expected to be able to sustain themselves for a over like at minimum 180 days without being able to work legally. So that's kind of the hole that we filled as a shelter, was giving people a place to go in the meantime while they were getting all their paperwork done. Right. So they have 180 days to get, oh, these guys, like a lot of supporters of people moving here that can't work or contribute to the economy in any way. Very interesting crowd. Must be the people visiting. Must be be the people visiting from the upper East coast. Imagine, imagine.


Imagine what it takes. Oh they can't. They can legally work where they came from. How about that? God damn it. Huh? Hit. Thank you Tony. Wait, president Trump. What was that? Thank you Tony. You're welcome. You're welcome. Just stating the obvious here. Imagine coming here with all of your dreams and as soon as you get here they're like, your case will be handled by this small boy. You're like, I think we've made a mistake. Did any of 'em ever give you a hard time?


Oh no. They're all great people. I Oh yeah. You like 'em, huh? Well no, I did almost get stabbed once, but That's right. It was an almost, it was an almost, Yeah. Did what were they gonna stab you with? It was scissors. Ah, Okay. What happened? Yeah. How did that go down? She came from a very messed up country. Was it she? Yeah. She, wow. Like she came over her entire family or not Well. Well that's what happened. You tried to text other girls. Don't fucking do that, dude. Trust me. I know. Don't Fuck me real man. You know the struggle. I mean, I know it, dude. It's scary. So She, was she Latina? No, she was from Africa.


From what? From Africa. Oh boy. One of those. Okay. Was she from Uganda by any chance? No. It's like a small, like a small eastern country in Africa. don don't wanna like say specifically which one, but I don't think we know where they are. Oh yeah, I forgot where we were. Shit. Okay. Did she say ah hell now right before, what was the, what was the, no, No, no, that's the west side. I'm talking about the east side. Okay, nice. Alright. Alright. I, don you have be geographically confused right now. Oh Shit. Okay, so what did, what happened?


What was the dialogue before the scissor attack? She got in an argument with another one of the residents at the shelter and got very upset. Was trying to like attack him. And I basically like got between them so that she didn't like hurt anyone. Right. And yeah. Okay. Look at you. It's nice. Look at you. A hero. I wouldn't go that far. Alright, so you almost got attacked. What's your love life like? Luke, you seem like the kind of guy that loves You know Hunting At a playground. It's a, I've never seen Rocky, a molester That looks like a boy. Yeah.


He could play both roles with yourself. Yeah. You're, he's a predator and a victim. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's rough. It's rough. Yeah. What's it like out there for you, Don? Don't know. It's just kind of hard to find like people I, well You know, you've, you are looking at me. I mean, it's, but no, Well, I mean, I don't think, I don't think you're East African women's type. That's the thing you're going, I mean, it's cool, but Yeah. You almost scissored with a migrant. There must be something going on. What detention center would you put these two Mexican women at Exactly. If Don don't know. Okie Dokie.


Oh, Canadian. Oh, Canadian. The worst of them all. So God, Probably like North Dakota. I mean, it's pretty close. I don know. Perfect. So Luke, what, like, when you say it's bad, I look like this, whatever, like, when's the last time you went on a date? About a year ago-ish. Okay. Year and A half ago. And who was that with? How did that go down? That was just off of Tinder. Okay. So you're on Tinder? Not anymore. What? You just gave up Tinder suicide. Yeah. I, I, I just prefer to meet people in person and, And that hasn't been going so well. Not really. You just standing by the real grande waiting for me. It's a bad timing.


Okay. Grab the high vis You. know. All right. Have, have you ever, well, you don't live in Austin. You live in Houston. Yep. You drove here. Yeah. I actually came here for the festival and I wasn't even gonna be signing up for this show. But then one of the other comedians, let me stay with her and Whoa. With her. Whoa. Oh, My. goodness gracious. Someone at a baby crib. No, she is a grandmother. So what? Wow. Myles. Okay. Yeah. No, she's a, yeah, she's a grandmother. She, she's pretty old. I don't know exactly how old. I don't ask. I don't the gentleman. You're a sick fuck. I'm a sick fuck with a place to stay. That's it.


That's true. Good for Y'all. Congratulations Luke. Fun times. You got through it. You did it. I'm out of a medium joke book. Here's a big joke book for you. Luke There. you go. All right. We've had fun. There's only one way to show like this, Ladies and gentlemen. Well, there was no Cam Patterson this episode. While there was no Hans Kim, there was no Ari Matti. There is one person who is here tonight who is going to blow your mind to absolute shreds. I'm positive of it because he is the record holder for all time appearances on this show and interviews on this show, a living member, the first living member of The KILL TONY Hall of Fame, Ladies and gentlemen, you might know him as the Montenegro Mahler, the Memphis Strangler, the Vanilla Gorilla.


This is the big red machine. William Montgomery. Quick pro tip. If you ever get to meet Bone thugs in harmony, don't ask which one of you is Harmony. I used to seal the deal with girls in college by going to their apartment and offering to clean their bathroom. And then I would unseal the deal by taking a shit afterwards. I am starting an ultimate Frisbee fantasy league and we're already bankrupt.


One rule I did have to enforce on the league was hacky sack is illegal in the off season, we're hurting their ankles. Okay. Connection between hacky sack and fuck. Ultimate Frisbee Tony. I actually recently invented an anti-gravity bong. It doesn't work, but I was also pretty high when I invented it. Okay. That's my time. Thank you. Tony William Lights Out Montgomery, the great gumball of the north. The one and the only William. Montgomery. Jared. Nathan got wheeled out of the front of this fucking building.


He literally came up into the green room, vomiting, sick as shit. He had a fever and they literally wheeled him out like 10 minutes ago. Are you serious? Yeah. Wait, Shut up. No, seriously. He seemed really sick. Y'all really, y'all disinfected this right? I swear to God. He literally fell out. He vomited a bunch in the freaking green room. And I had been joking all time that Jared Nathan seemed super sick and You know me. Tony, I'm kind of a germa fo person. And then he starts vomiting and he hits his head a little bit on the ground. It really wasn't that seriously. It wasn't that bad. But they had to get him out in a stretcher out front. Are you serious? Yeah. Holy shit. So I'm just happy to be here right now.


It literally, no, seriously. I mean, I was excited about being here tonight and everything and then I'm joking with his ass. I'm like, don't, don't touch me. You seem so sick. He literally kept on trying to touch me. He was joking around and he stutters a bunch. So it can be hard to kinda understand what he's even saying to my fucking ass. I just try to be nice. But he ended up vomiting and All of that at once. He started vomiting and hit his head. He vomited a bunch and he made this weird noise and we all kinda look at him and it got on Janice A. Little bit. Red band's Janus. Yeah. Got on her a Little bit. Oh, red band's girlfriend. Soon to be wife. Janus. Did he stutter when he vomited? Was it like a mist? Like No, he Seemed, don don't feel so I.


Don't feel so. Yeah. Yeah. It was kind of like that. But no, it seemed like he was more scared. Right. Well, a way to put a little ribbon of sadness on it there at the end. Yeah. Absolutely. Incredible. Amazing. What's going on in your life, William? You're a superstar. Oh my gosh. Finally have two. I was in Connecticut this past weekend. It was fun. I was in a mall. I had a good time in Connecticut. The club though, Tony, they promised me they were gonna get me two pizza. don don't have a lot on my rider. All I have is throat coat honey and soda waters with limes. don don't ask for a lot. And then on Saturday night, I try to get a pizza from a place called Pepe's. And they swore to me they were ordering my two pizzas and they didn't come at all.


And then I, Oh, My, goodness. Start thinking, what did they hate me? Or, so I really start wondering if the free, it's like a issue with the Right, you wanted your PEPs, you were gonna Eat two pizzas, huh? You were gonna eat two more pizzas. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What? They're Thin cross. We've been really hungry. What were the, what were the toppings that you went with on these two pizzas it described To the fans? Oh, Tony. What did I not have one? Those motherfuckers we had fucking and Cho's old thing. Oof. Ooh, o. Oof. Oof. Whoa. What's going on? I think you have what Jared has, which is, no, My throat started hurting a little bit.


Right on that. Really? Luckily two weeks off. Yeah. Tony. It's bad right Now. Now if you scream at all your throat clinches up now. It hurt right there. Hold on. That is, I had, this is like a tomato. Oh, My. goodness gracious. The people are not going to enjoy this. This is like, if Gallagher came down with a watermelon allergy. One of your trademarks is the Wait it hurts So bad. Hold on. What else? I had like mushroom. Oh. Oh, wait, wait. I think your throat hurting. Might be hilarious. Hold on a second. No, it really hurts. Tony. What Else was on the pizza? Oh yeah, Peppo. That's, no, that one really hurt.


That one really hurt. This is all just on one pizza. Is Is that all? Yeah. Is that All? It's like a Supreme. Is that it's, it was a Supreme. Okay. What was on the other pizza? Ooh, extra. Just that. Oh, maybe that's a better way to, Ooh. Okay. We can see him clenching up. Ladies and gentlemen, this is incredible. A whole new storyline to keep your eyes on. William can no longer. What else was on the second pizza? Tell Us. We had Iceberg. Let us know. That's it. You Got Iceberg. What is that? Never even heard of such a thing before. It's Connecticut. Yeah, it's like a hamburger pizza. Oh. Oh, that's good. Extra cheese. Iceberg lettuce.


Was there sour? No, it's just, it's just kind of that it's, oh yeah. Extra cheese. Iceberg lettuce. I call it a hamburger pizza because it kind of reminds me of a Big Mac. Ooh. Yeah. What else was on it? Was there Some thousand islands? Okay. Okay. Only me in red band find this amusing for some reason. Every once in a while. You just gotta enjoy it. I love it. So you didn't get your pepe's pizzas. What did you end up eating that night? It's a lonely road out there, especially almost more than anywhere in Connecticut.


I got two orders of chicken wings to go and it was kind of funny. One of Dan Madonia, who You know, he was one of the guys who's on the show. It was very fun. And I guess he farted when I finally opened up my chicken wings. And I thought immediately my brain equated it with the chicken being spoiled. 'cause it, it smelled kind of like spoiled chicken, but it was actually just his farts. So then I ended up forcing myself to eat it, watching forensic files in the hotel room after. That's it. It was cold. It was gross. But wow. It was fun. Slipped an hour and a half rest in peace to Maryanne Romero.


Erica's sweet grandmother. She passed away on Friday. Shout outs to your girlfriend's dead grandmother. That part is real. Ladies and gentlemen. That's it. Very sad. No red band that actually actually right band. Normally I just kind of don't think your stupid ass is funny. 'cause I think everybody kind of knows that. I think you get lucky every now and again, but it was kind of, that genuinely was a little offensive. So if you could say you're sorry, I would appreciate it. I, I'm sorry. When you said shout out, I thought you meant You know. Shout out to my You know Like TLC. Oh, I get it. Wow.


Wow. So your girlfriend's grandmother passed away. She's up in heaven eating. She's up in heaven. Oh, she's wonderful. She was so hospitable to me. That's when I was living in la just doing my cocaine, drinking my butt Isis all night long. She was so very nice. Oh, I do remember That. And hospitable to me. I greatly appreciate her love for very much. She Was enabling to your bad habits. I remember that. Now she's up there eating Pepe's pizza. Jody, You can have all the toppings you want in heaven. Did You know that?


Absolutely. So William, what else? How do we get, how do we put a ribbon on this thing? Tell these people what's going on in your life? Well, the election is coming up. I just hope everybody is registered to vote. Yeah. What's that thing called? What's that thing called that? The the thingy. There's a place you can go to register to vote the polls. And this episode is, yeah, Go to the polls this year. Brought to you by them. Yes. You can also register there. Oh yeah. That is kind of a thing. I get it now. Yeah. Register to vote.


Go to the polls. Go to the poll. Actually voice your opinion. You gotta go to the polls. You can't just register. You have to go to the polls. That's how you vote. Everyone's In this room and pray for Jerry Nathan, seriously, Jerry, Nathan, Jared, Nathan. Pray for Jared. Nathan. He really was not good. Jared. A Canadian is probably voting three times in this election if we know anything about how it works.


But if you go to sendthevote dot org slash Tony, you can register to vote so. But vote for the right person Because If you like this show, I'll tell you, they already make us bleep certain words. And there's one of the candidates that isn't exactly that big on free speech. I'm not gonna give anything away. Thank you, Tony. Oh, you're welcome, Mr. President.


William, We love you. Nice to be here. William White, out Montgomery, the vanilla gorilla, the Memphis Strangler, the Montenegro Muller, the Virginia Ham in this room. The drawing from Ryan Jay Belt is in and it's incredible. Krista Stefano's on tour get tickets of Christie comedy, going to Phoenix and Miami. Christy Chaos. He's also putting out long clips of his standup on YouTube every Sunday at Kris d Comedy on YouTube. That's C-H-R-I-S-D comedy and yeah, that's great. JOE DEROSA, Ladies and gentlemen mix. Joe JOE DEROSA dot com. He's doing a Christmas show in Massachusetts December 7th.


He also has the great Joey Roses, one of my favorite sandwich shops in the world. Fully operational in New York City, hopefully coming here to Austin, Texas soon. We hope so. We hope so. We hope so. A lot of great stuff happening.


Thanks to HelloFresh and Mando for sponsoring this episode.


How about one more time for the best stamp band in the land? Everybody. Alright Band guys. Check out sunset strip atx.com. Love You guys. Thank You guys. Good night everybody. Love you. Bye bye. Is now Dumber for having listened to it? Everyone in this room? Everyone. Everyone in this room. Everyone in this room. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it.


Everyone in this room, everyone in this room, everyone in this room is now dumber for having everyone in this room. Is now everyone in this room? Is everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it? Everyone in this room, Every, everyone, everyone in this room is now dumber for everyone in this room. Everyone in this room, everyone in this room is now dumber for.