
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now on Spotify and Apple Podcast If, you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website? go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch Merch, go to DEATHSQUAD merch dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Redman Company Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY Get up on Tony. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives? Huh? I said, who is ready for the best fucking Monday night of their lives? Make some noise for Red Band. Ladies and gentlemen, We are here.


This is indeed the number one live podcast in the world.


KILL TONY, brought to you by Squarespace


Game time hymns, Talkspace, and ZipRecruiter makes some fucking noise, people. You did it. You're here. Live at the mothership. How about one more time for the best damn band in all the fucking land. That is indeed The KILL, TONY Band, little Groove line horns over there. Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo. And of course, the great, the powerful. How could I possibly fucking forget Raul Vallejo? Ladies and gentlemen and Michael Gonzalez.


Carne quesadilla. Matt mulling on the electric guitar. Ladies and gentlemen, Jon Deas on the Keys. And this is indeed D Madness on the bass guitar. Still Brian Redban My. goodness. Unbelievable. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing sponsors that made it all possible.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin. Texas is now open. Check out Red Band secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


You guys ready to start Tonight's episode, Ladies and gentlemen, two of the greatest guests ever graced the stages of KILL TONY. These are guys that were with us early on in the belly room, and then in the main room, and then here, and then there. And everywhere. In between two comedy store legends. Two, the greatest touring comedians of our entire fucking last two decades in the industry. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for two of our favorites, the Great RUSSELL PETERS and SAM TRIPOLI. Here we fucking go. The boys are Back trips.


Peters. It's happening. Baby Tripoli and RUSSELL PETERS. Hey, I figured. Why not have a brown invasion on October 7th? That's right. Very fitting. We won't be the only ones bombing. Yeah, It's true. There's already another brown bomber over there. The old Boo guy. Hey boo. The shit, man. I fucked up when I said that. I guess I didn't even think he was gonna hear it. Ah, make some noise for my guests. They're here. RUSSELL PETERS Tour starts in Chicago.


Tickets at Russell Peters dot com. SAM TRIPOLI dot com for Sam's tour, everybody I The trip, Two of my favorites. Two guys that know a lot about the art form You guys have been on before You know how it works. 226 signups tonight are across the street at a little bar called Poor Choices, hoping and praying that their name gets called out of this bucket. If it happens, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted You know their time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear, which interrupts their set. I've prepo the name. It actually flew out of the bucket. So we're gonna go with that one. And in the meantime, we're gonna start the show with a little standup comedy from a legend on it.


How many of you are fans of the show? How many of you are here? Because you heard it was a hip cool thing to do. Yeah. All right. Fuck that person over there. A little fucking piece of shit. Well, this guy is a legend in the history of the show. I mean, what can I say? Four years ago, he was sleeping in his van, addicted to open mics. He is one of the true living, thriving members of the KILL TONY Hall of Fame. Ladies and gentlemen, sing it. If You know the words. This is Hans. Kim.


Good You, guys. Good to be here. I am pretty good at the Tokyo drift. Obviously. I've been working on my Texas drift. That's where I get distracted by my phone and my car goes in the other lane. Israel is fighting Palestine. I think they're on season three. When did the dragons come out? Huh? Throwing a midget or something. I can't wait to find out how to strap a fleshlight to a Roomba. 'cause then it's over for you. Ho.


All these fucking feminists say that we have to be attracted to fat women now. Why? So they can accuse us of rape too. Nowadays. It's considered rude. If you don't rape a fat chick, you gotta rape him. Yeah. Thank you so much, Hanah. He does it yet again. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the all time greats from the show. Flexing a new minute. I love it. Well written rock solid. Look at your big happy Asian face. You're adorable. Thank you. Tony. I You know I have a long face.


I feel like, like father, like son. I feel like we, I'm like the Asian Tony. Wow. Incredible. I'm pretty sure. Sure. Your father, His last name is probably son. It is incredible that I don't believe I've been insulted more by what was meant to be a compliment. You said that I'm kind of Asian and long faced all at once there. My sweet, sweet boy. You are indeed. My Asian son, Sam Shiley. What do you think of this young book? Powerful. One minute brother. Powerful. Open up with Asian. Close with rape. That's some good shit. That's A powerful minute right there. Sounds like the seventies.


Hans, you look fantastic tonight. What's going on? I got another one of these shirts with no collar. Ah, I, You know. Got a compliment on one. So I bought like five in different colors, so Wow. Now fashion is You know. Just another thing, like you can itemize it and just get it over with. Wow. Don't think about it. Oh, My goodness. Absolutely amazing. What's the point with the no collar thing? I don't really get it. It's a look. It's priesty. It's creepy. Yeah. I just feel like collars are so your dad's generation and the kids nowadays we just, we don't, we don't believe in collars, man. We just free, It's very, enter the dragon ish.


I gotta be honest with you. Or enter the BTS, whatever. It's But great rape joke though, doc. Oh yeah. Right. What is the fattest girl you've ever been with? Hans. Kim. If you had to guess the weight of the biggest girl and what did it take to get you there? What did what? What kind of night did you have to have to end up? Let's first, first gimme the weight. Wait, probably at 300. Oh yeah. Oh geez. Yeah, baby. And the episode has truly begun. That's a don. Don't know if you heard that noise. That's the sound of a KILL TONY show. Really starting. And here we go.


We got something to work with. 300 pounds of fucking, Is it a white girl, Hans? Yes. Oh yeah, White. And whatever you Gotta do to get that green card pal. I say, yeah. So how do you end up with a 300 pound white girl? Hans, tell us, what did you drink? Started, started at lunch with a little socky And gravy. She was a Tinder date. It was my twenties. I really was not picky. I had a whole decade where I really fucked anything and I fucked like three people. Were you Doing her nails?


It was a whole decade where I didn't do anything. I fucked like three people. That's amazing. Yeah, it was really weird. No one wanted to fuck me for till, like, till you, you made it popular. You know. That's True. That is true. Comes in Hans in her sizes. Even. Even Rick Diaz is getting laid now. It's incredible. I've been able to do the unthinkable. Jared Nathan is eating a girl's pussy right now as we speak. Just bbu bumbling right in it. Hans, what else is going on in life?


Anything else Crazy. I'm having a great time on tour every weekend. I still have my beautiful girlfriend. She is not cheating on me. She is. You gotta believe Huns. You gotta believe. I mean, even if she is, I get access to her whenever I want. So That sounds like love right there. What do you think she's gonna say when she hears you say that there was 10 years where you would've fucked anything and you had sex three times. One of them being a chick, 300 pounds. So your batting average was 0.3, three three with 300 pound girls for a decade.


She now knows that about you, that you're that easy and have such low expectations. How, how? How do you think, oh, she's calling in the girl from a decade ago. We have her on the line. She is. Oh, she's calling now. She, we heard her first red band's so good at sound effects that the phone ring happens after the pig noises. Ladies and gentlemen, there is, it's almost like Tarantino esque, the timelines with his soundboards. You'd think you would think he does it on purpose, like a creative genius. Is there anything you wanna say to the girl? She is on the line. don don't know if you hear that. Oh, there she is calling now again. No, she's calling with an old cell phone now.


Thank, thank you so much. I needed that. Oh, she's grateful. She thanks you. She loves watching you work. I do believe she said. Okay. Great stuff, Hans. Anything else? I love You guys. I have a new gun. I have a ankle holster, so. Oh wow. Just watch out for that. There he goes. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans. Kim. Yeah. Alright. Your first fucking pull of the night. don. Don't know if You guys know how this fucking shit works, but this is where we meet everybody. Anything could happen. Could be somebody's first time.


Could be someone that's here trying to make it. That's been working at this for two decades straight. Anything can happen now. The whole thing's improvised. This is 60 seconds uninterrupted from Mark Pugh. Straight out of the bucket. We're gonna meet 'em all together and then I'm gonna interview them. Mark Pu. Alright. All right. Let's wrap this shit up. Hey white people. How y'all doing? All right. Fuck y'all. I just moved to Austin to do standup comedy. I'm gonna move back. I don't like none of this shit y'all got going out here. This shit weird as hell. I like You know. They say, oh, keep Austin weird. We can stop. Y'all don't need to get weird no more. Fuck it. I is.


Yeah, y'all liberal. I'm cool with liberal shit. But all the fucking restaurants want to save the trees and shit. So they toilet to your heart as fuck. So when I wipe my ass, I'm like, bitch, is that blood? I think I'm on my period. I don't like, I'm from Louisiana and all the white girls got big booties in Louisiana. I came out here, no booties. I'm lying. I seen one white girl on sixth Street last week. She had a fat ass. But I, I, I didn't wanna say nothing to her. 'cause her head was, she was baldheaded and I didn't wanna say nothing, but she looked so good from behind. So I was like, I'm gonna say something. So I walked up to her and I tapped on the shoulder. I was like, excuse me ma'am, can I have a moment of your time? And she turned around. I was like, nigga, that's, that's Joe. Rogan.


I'm done. Thank you. Mark Pew. What's Annie? Hi Mark. You're funny. Thank you. I appreciate it. So the, the only girl that you've seen with an ass was Joe. Rogan. Yeah. I'm ready to go home. I mean, in all fairness, Joe does have a pretty fantastic ass. He squats daily. He's a gentleman. Ah, fuck. There it is. We have him on the, I'm sure the phone's gonna ring any second after. Ah, welcome mark. Okey dokey. Thank you. How long you been doing standup? I'd say about eight years. Eight years. All of it there in Louisiana? Yeah, most of it.


Yeah. Yep. Okay. What part of Louisiana? Shreveport. You love it there, huh? I Yeah, absolutely. I'm, I'm going back tonight. Are you really? Are you being Serious? I'm moving. Yeah, I'm moving. Unless, unless somebody in here want to gimme a job, I'm going to fuck home. Okay. We're gonna get you a job. Just relax. It's very easy. Thank you. It's very easy. We got you. We got you covered. Yes. What are you good at? What do you do for work? What have you done in the past? Let me guess. You worked at some cell phone kiosks or something like that? No. Nigga. No. No. That's, that's his people. Shit. My, we No, no. We're, we're very picky about who we employ.


Yeah, it is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We know who we can trust. Yeah, It's fucked up. See, I'm going home. I don't like none of this. I'm Uncomfortable. They're not like this in Shreveport, Louisiana. No, no. It's, what Are they like in Shreveport? They Niggas. Wow. Well, I'll tell you where I'm scratching off my tour. You should come. You should come. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can't travel without my wallet. And don don't want to bring my wallet or else there will be no wallet. I'll end up stuck in Shreveport. 'cause with, without an id. You can't get on an airplane nowadays.


'cause of these people in my, Those were the other ones. Alright, so Mark, what have you been doing with work? What are you gonna, because people get you a job immediately. Appreciate this. In Texas, the center of a booming economy. I eat pussy real good. So Okie dokie. Have fun in Shreveport. Yeah. We don't need you out here eating our Pussies. My bad gang. You got Enough. You Pussy eating Goddamn fucking Louisianas You. know what I mean? I think Hines Kim knows a chick. You could talk to I don. It's, it's probably your type by the descriptions that we got from her too.


Are Black people eating ass? Are you eating ass good? For for sure. Yeah. Yeah. You eat ass too. We, that's how I got my first kid. Wait, you, her ass. You got your first kid eating ass. Yeah. Yeah. I think you were eating it wrong. No, you right. 'cause I, I gotta pay for the kid now, so. Yeah. Oh Shit. You only have one kid? Yeah, just one. Okay. That You know of. Huh? See, stop. All right. We know I'm black. You ain't gotta do that. That's what fuck is he doing?


Black people. Black people. I don't think I'm getting a job now. How old's the kid? She'll be two in April. April, Okay. How often do you get to see her? I'm actually going back next week. I'm gonna spend three weeks out there. Not much. 'cause me and my baby mama, we kind of got arrangement. We both do comedy, but she allowed me to come out here and follow my dreams because I was trying to get out here before and You know fucked around and ate her ass. And then I got a kid came too fast. So. Yeah. Yeah. Are You gonna tell her you hit on Joe Rogan? Is she gonna be okay with that? That's not how the story went. How long has she been doing comedy?


I'm not, I maybe I wanna say three years. and You again. How long you been doing it? Eight. And you're how old? 32. Okay. Fuck. yeah man. You're doing it. Incredible. Appreciate it. So what have you done for work in the past? In the past? I've served tables. I do graphic design. I'm an artist, I draw stuff like that. Do you draw anywhere other than on this side of buildings at night? I'm really not that good at spray paint, nigga. I'm just, I'm good with pens and pencils and shit. I Heard served and I thought this was going a different way. To be honest with you, I don't have no drugs. You can buy. Stop. Mark. What's it like on the being raised in the mean streets of Shreveport?


Like what's some stuff that you've dealt with or gotten away from or had to go through? Shit, there's a lot of shit I can't talk about. I just say that I've dodged prison and being murdered. So that's an accomplishment. That's why you like pens. All right, don. Don't know what that means, but Ring. Ring. Oh, there's someone calling in. It's, I feel like the sound board. Alright. Alright. I love it. So you've been to jail? No, I've dodged it. You dodged it. You dodged that and you dodged murder for Sure. Yeah. Amazing. Your own murder? Yes. Okay, good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well that's good.


I tried suicide once. Aw, How'd you try to do that? Tried to fucking fat bitch. So what you're saying is Hans Kim's a survivor. Yeah. That nigga is Beyonce. Yeah. Yep. Yes. Amazing stuff. What do you do for fun? Mark? Comedy Is it? Other than, other than Other than shit. Like I said, I draw, I do a lot of creative stuff, so I like to You know. That's pretty much it. I'm born as Hell. Any other special skills or talents other than standup you ever Do? Yeah, but I don't want to say rap and then y'all make me rap. Nah, I don't Wanna just rap. Is rap one of the things?


Yeah, it Is. Well, let me tell you something. I know a little bit about Louisiana rap because I was a young buck when the No Limit Soldiers were. Yeah, were a thing for sure. And You know what I'm talking about. Hell yeah. So I mean, I have to hear something. So you tell Michael A beat and then you rap. 1, 2, 1 1 2 3. Don don't know no beats. That is a terrible beat. Can I get another beat? That's pretty cool. Yeah. Get another one. What do you want? Remix it us. There we go. Alright. Ladies and gentlemen Trying to catch this sheet. Mark Pugh.


I can't catch a little. Speed it up a little bit. Little bit lighter Michael. So we can hear him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why y'all keep adding shit to it? I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try. Alright. I just moved to the city. I really like sucking titties. Good. Wait, that's the wrap. Jesus, I guess.


I guess we're all wrappers amazing. One of the greatest wrap performances of the last decade, Ladies and gentlemen. Hey, Give it up for one bar. Ur. Where's p Diddy? When we need him? Yeah. Yeah. And not here. Oh, My. goodness gracious. That was almost impressive, mark. Appreciate it. Amazing stuff. Thank you so much. But you are a hell of a comedian. I appreciate it. And a very, very funny man. How long are you in town for This week? I'm leaving on Saturday morning. What's The longest set you've ever done? Like two hours. There, You go. I'd love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. Boom.


and you got a big cool handmade joke book. Make some noise for Mark Pew, Ladies and gentlemen. That's good. You just got a gig out of it. That's as good as it can go. Oh, it's the lovely Heidi Ladies and gentlemen. Heidi, can I get another one of these Mamma Jammas one of my drinks? Mm.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. It can be challenging to find and meet with a therapist that's the right fit. Talkspace is so accessible from personalized treatment to meeting online from anywhere to the ability to text your therapist at any time. Plus, therapy can be costly, but Talkspace is affordable and in-network with most insurance providers. Most insured members have a $0 copay red band. TALKSPACE. The leading virtual therapy provider makes getting the help you need. Easy, accessible, and affordable. I love how much Talkspace cares about providing mental health resources to those who need it. I Agree. You can easily sign up online and get paired with the license provider that is the right fit for your needs. Typically within 48 hours, you can also switch providers at no extra cost. Talkspace makes getting help convenient because you can take your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it out between sessions by sending messages to your therapist. Talkspace provides personalized treatment for individuals, couples, the l lgbtq IA plus community Wow. Veterans and teens. As a listener of this podcast, you get $80 off your first month with TALKSPACE when you go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter promo code space eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter promo code space eight zero. That's Talkspace dot com slash Tony promo code space eight zero.


Folks, we've made it a long brutal summer without basketball. But don't worry, the NBA is back. Baby. Check this out. You can get in on all the basketball actions with our partners over at DraftKings. And right now, all new customers who bet $5 will instantly get $200 in bonus bets. Download the draftking Sports book app and sign in using our promo code. KILL TONY, the Crown is yours. Or Band Man Tony You know I love hoops and You know I'm going to be placing some serious bets. This NBA season, stay in the action and use your $200 in bonus bets to bet anytime touchdowns on DraftKings. DraftKings is the place to bet. Touchdown. And guess what, if sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings daily fantasy and have the shot to win cash prizes. So do yourself a big favor and download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Now new customers use our promo code KILL TONY and bet just $5 on any wager and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code KILL TONY only at the DRAFTKINGS Sports book. The Crown is yours indeed.


This podcast is sponsored by Game time. Folks. My whole life revolves around live events from sporting events to comedy, to music live event. That's also why I love Game time. Did You know Game time is a new feature called Game time Picks that makes your getting tickets for your favorite live events even easier. Game time picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Red Band Tony. I love Game time. I just found an incredible deal on Game time picks for Post Malone or Buddy at the Germane Insurance amphitheater. It was such a super deal. I got to view the seat before I bought my ticket. Not to mention the lowest price guarantee. I love that for you. Red band. With Game time picks curation makes it easier to save more on sports, concerts, comedy and theater. They have all in pricing. Simply toggling this feature shows the total upfront with no surprise Visa Checkout not to mention your purchases covered with the most flexible customer service policy in the ticketing industry. So take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Game time. Download the Gametime app. create an account use code KILLTONY for for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. create an account and redeem code KILLTONY for $20 off. That's why download Game time today. What time is it? Game time.


Alright, your second bucket poll of the night. Ladies and gentlemen goes by the name of Sarah Sloan. 60 Seconds Uninterrupted by Sarah Sloan. And we're gonna meet her all together. Make some noise for Sarah, everybody. Sarah Sloan. I look like the type of girl that would've accused Harvey Weinstein of sexually harassing me. But like nobody would believe me. Harvey would look me up and down and be like, I'm sorry sweetie. You're just not worth the legal trouble. But he's a bad man. And I would be required to give testimony and I would talk about the terrible things he said to me in the hotel room.


He said things like, what are you doing in here? I a I asked you to leave 15 times. Don't take your socks off. Your feet aren't sexy. No, I'm never gonna make you the star of Ant Man goes trans. A lot of guys have been calling me mid lately talking about my appearance at this point. I'm just grateful they're calling. Am I right? Fellow, thank you for calling. Yes, Sarah Sloan.


Welcome. Welcome. Very funny. How are you? I'm doing great. Thank You. Tony. Awesome. How long you been with standup? Two years now. Two Years. That's incredible. What did you do in between then and Wayne's World? What have you been doing this whole time? I love it. What do you do for work? I work at a medical school front desk. So I'm really just trying to find a husband that way. A doctor husband. Just hoping some sick guy comes in like, this'll work. Well, no, they're Flirt with 'em. Is your chlamydia cleared up yet or amazing? Do you see, do you meet a lot of guys doing that?


No, they're, they're Asian, so they can't really see me. You're such a character. So rarely do we see the truly self-deprecating female comedian. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like it's like they kind of dabble in it. Like, oh, my pussy is all slutty and beat up. But you're different. You're like, like a female Rick Diaz. Like, oh man, I hope I survived today. No one wants anything with this. I like this so rare. Such a rare bird. Have you always been like an awkward, silly, funny person? I, I really have. Yeah. That's what everybody tells you, right? My mom especially. How about your little brother where you stole that T-shirt from you dress like you always dress like you just got out of the medical office or a test, Honestly.


Yeah. Yeah. It's amazing. So tell us, Sarah, what have you been doing with your life? You just started standup two years ago. What else have you been up to? Yeah, I, well, I, I wanted to move out here. I moved from the East Texas area, Tyler, Texas. This summer I moved and so yeah, I had to get a job. I, I finished a, a degree, all that. What did you get your degree in? Master's of Business. But don don't know anything about business. So yeah. So great stuff. Yeah, super fun. Great job. Our college system working perfectly. It really is a joke, sadly. Yeah. Amazing. So what do you do for fun, Sarah? You seem like the kind of girl that likes to sit at a coffee shop all day and do nothing.


You almost have me pegged. I usually am visiting my family at home and then going to church and stuff like that. Whoa. You go to actual church Usually twice a week. Twice a week. Yeah. God. Well it ain't working. Wow. My goodness. Do you go there just to get molested? No, no. Tony. She's not actually a boy. But with that confessional screen, she could be, you could pass right? You could do a little impression, man. It's me, Billy.


What kind of church is it? It, it's a non-Denominational. So like, woo You know, like a raise your hands in the air. Like you don't care. Really Lot of gay flags in that church, huh? Well, there is a lot. Like, literally on one side of the, of the stage, there's paintings going on the other side, there's like waving the flags. What kind of flags? It's not, it's like a, it's like a, like a, it's not like a American flag. It's just like You know one of those like colored flags that you just don don't even know how to describe it. I'm sorry. Like An urban comedy show. Just black comedy should have stole grace. It's towels. Oh, praise Jesus. Woo, woo woo woo woo.


Jesus. Be tripping. Nailed it. Where there was one set of footprints. It's because Jesus be tripping. That band is amped up tonight folks. There's a lot of confidence over there. The remix of the sound effect. Hallelujah. So Sarah, have you ever tried being a lesbian? It's the question that everybody in the room wants to ask. I as the host have, I have to do it to you.


the world wants to know. I've Never, it's the same reason why everybody wonders why I'm not gay, but I'm fine. I'm not up here complaining like you. Have you ever tried it? Have you ever thought about it? You know. Do you wanna, Do you wanna kiss Tony? No, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, No. Take your shot. No nice lips or no lips. She's kissing Party off Garth, party off. Have you ever had a lesbian experience? No, I have not. My suitemate did ask me one time at a party. She was like, do you wanna make out? And I I said, you really don't want to.


And I, that was, that was the most, that's the furthest I've ever gone. So why did you say you really don't want to, are you a bad kiss? 'cause I really didn't want to kiss a girl. Oh, you really? Yeah, I do. I don don't. So you're like, you really don't want to. I want a man and I want a man bad. Yeah. Wow. When's the last time you were with a man? Look at me. Tony. When's the last time you kissed a boy? Never had my first kiss. Tony. Nah. No way. What? That's not true. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Sam trip. Yes. This is where we send in Sam. I'll do it. Sam, would you, would you like, would you like to give Sam a kiss? I don't.


No. Okay. No. Stop the music. Stop the music. Consent's a big deal here on this shot. Stop the fucking music. Okay. Okay. This chick literally looks like a lawsuit. You're gonna, you gonna, you're gonna, I took, I was there to make it and they took advantage of me. Next thing You know, this Armenian guy had his tongue down my throat. I was squirting in holy water out of my church pussy. Ah, this guy's seen enough. I'm outta here. God damnit. You don't make fun of the Lord and Savior. That, that's Usually, That's usually what men do with me. It's so weird. You're funny. She said that's usually what men do with her.


They just, I'm outta here. It's so weird that you've never had sex. 'cause you totally have a, I'm a teacher that fucks her student vibe. You know to I see that. I do see that. Stay after class. Michael. Oh, there's the bell and Michael and Michael's just like, nah, I'm good. Amazing. It's not worth it. Is that really true? But Sarah, you've had like a boyfriend or something, right? Like other than fifth grade. And whenever I was like lying to my parents and we, the furthest we went was holding hands under the cafeteria table. Like seriously nothing. How old. Why, why perhaps the best time Dare horn in this show's history.


Oh, My, God. I love it. I I do actually have a crush on a couple of the guys that work at the mothership. I'll just look at them. Well, oh wait, I, I'll tell you right now, I hope one of them's D. Madness. 'cause the other one's I don't wanna fuck with you. Sometimes I crack myself up. I don't care if You guys are on board. The only kind of guy that would want me is a guy that can't see me. So. Yeah, Dee, if you're, if you're willing I I, I made that joke 28 seconds ago. But you might be good. He is into personality. No, he he would, he would, he would touch her face.


He'd be like, ah, I just realized I got plans. Oh, I forgot. It's something I gotta do baby. I was outside. Yeah, he's like Touching. What would be weird is if you hooked up with him would be your first time. And they say once you go black, you never come back. But you never went anywhere so you'd be good, right? Yeah, that's True. That's true. That's a good point. That's once you go black, you never go back. Is also what d Madness's eye doctor told him. So unfortunately, oh shit. He's smiling. We're having fun back here. We're having fun, baby. Do you think it's the religion that makes You know, like, have sex or, and what kind of porn do you like? Wow.


Yeah. There. you go I don't watch porn. Oh, Why? You gotta start. Like I, I've watched like scenes from movies, but that's the furthest I've ever Yeah, I, I like Porno movies or regular movies. No, no. Like regular movies. And if there's like a kissing scene, I'm like, oh, that's very attractive. What's Your type? If you could go on a date with any type of guy, what type of guy would it be? What does it look like to you when you read you, you do read like romance novels or something weird. You have a look like you have a stack by the bed with a fucking, with one of those fucking full handgun massage guns. Like fucking A gun.


I, I would say probably like every time I see Ari mad on the show, I think he's very attractive. Oh My. God. Like he's very, very attractive. Oh My God. Oh, he's looking for some green card. Relax. Matthew. I think we found his way into America. This is One time. This is the one time where the green will not mean Go for him. He'll be like, I'm good. Yeah. Or he is like back to Estonia. I go, sorry. Had good time. America got to go now. Oopsie daisy first flight out in the morning. Got to go.


Alright. I think you're absolutely hilarious. Sarah, Can I do one thing for you? Oh, My. goodness gracious. Here it is. Here's the big twist. Here comes a big twist. Everybody. I could do a horse impression. So I just wanted to like do Fuck. yeah. Okay. Okay. Awesome. A Horse impression. Absolutely. I want to hear this horse impression. There's no one less stable on this show than her. We're not, we're not gonna say nay to that. Ah, That was a good, that was a good one. Okay. Ready? Whoa. That was awesome.


That was awesome. What the fuck was that? That Was amazing. That was the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen. Oh, My. God. Well, Oh. My. God. Now You know what Kind of cock she likes. Holy shit. I have never seen so much pent up sexual energies in the impression of a horse before You know how to like, you're like a little teapot. You're so worked up. You need dick down so badly that you are morphing into a whole different animal.


She's gonna squirt hay everywhere. There's a movie called Mr. Hands. You should check that out. Oh, Sam. Yes you should. Sam There. you go leave Me alone dude. Jesus. Yes. Yes. Sam, you crossed the line. Just a classic. Okay Sarah, you got a big joke book that horse impression something else is I, do you have any other impressions? Kamala Harris, same thing. Oh yeah. Oh I like that Political. That's Do you wanna, Do you wanna hear it or I can go I don.


Yeah. Okay. Okay. So I do it where she's talking about like the, she's describing the Ukrainian Russian war. So she's like, Ukraine is a smaller country and Russia is a bigger, more powerful country. So Russia invades Ukraine and that's wrong. Do the horse one more time. Okay. That's the greatest thing ever.


You live here in Austin now I I moved late June. You moved in late June You know what we're going to do. I'm gonna do something special right now. My friend at the HEB Center on New Year's Eve. At some point during the show I'm bringing you out only exclusively to do an impression of a horse. Ladies and gentlemen, you just watched a woman who I don't think has ever been fucked correctly in her life. Find out that she is doing something at an arena in her hometown on New Year's Eve.


This is the comedy capital of the world. And You know in this great country where there's so many great things and great opportunities for free speech. Yes, that's what I was looking for. Thank you. In this amazing country where some people have no around the world, there's a lot of people you never get a chance to do your horse impression. They don't allow that in a lot of places. But god damn you just saw a lonely woman get the opportunity of her life. How about one more time for Sarah Slum.


You have a horse impression? Not like that. I'm not following that horse impression. That's the, that's the Dave Chappelle of horse impressions. I'm not going up after that. Show's over. Show is over. How was Koni? Well we got through two comedians. A chick did a horse impression. He retired. It was the end. Alright, your next bucket poll goes by the name of Drea Lee. 60 seconds uninterrupted. And then an interview with Drea Lee. Thank you. I'm Dre Lee and I'll be your childless cat lady for the evening, which I suppose is step up from crazy cat lady.


And since so many people are having an issue with what the definition of lady is, and I don't wanna be accused of any stolen valor. Full disclosure, I have had a hysterectomy, which is for a tumor not trans. And on a man I like things a little more. Oh natural down there for skin, not hair. That's kind of like a reverse mullet. Little longer in the front and shorter in the back. Once I was dating a guy who from a country I didn't know a lot about. So I did some research and found that 92% of the men were circumcised. So cut to the first time we were fooling around and drunk me blurting out, disappointed like, Hmm.


Wikipedia said this would happen. Thank you. Okay. Dre Lee. Oh My goodness. This is incredible. What a transition. You're like We went from horse to horse. Yeah. Absolutely incredible. You're like if Sarah Sloan ever got fingered as a a growing a girl that was like NPR. Yeah. It's incredible. don don't know. Penis reduction. don don't know what is going on here. It appears as though there's some type of a liberal festival happening outside. People are just stumbling in here. Drea Lee, welcome.


How are you? Thank you. I'm good thanks. How are You? Good. How long you been attempting standup comedy? This is My first time ever. First time ever. Really? Alright. I've never called s sex hotline before, but I'd imagine you have like the voice and the face to be that type of person. I will take that as a compliment. Yeah, like every, when you say things at the very end, you kind of just like juggle. You do a thing where it's like, yeah, You know I like that. And then it's kind of like weirdly hot and then I look at you and everything's okay Afterwards. You completely calm down. Completely calm down.


Seems like she'd be alright. Okay. Drea, what do you do for a living? I used to do cat grooming, so I used to shave pussy. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's a funny twist on crazy ass cat. Super lady. Yeah. And then You're like the final boss of the video game Cat lady. You're the cat lady. The cat ladies take the cat to Yeah. Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah. Disgusting. Keep going. Yeah. And then We've lost the room Ladies and gentlemen. The one thing they agree on is they are creeped out by CAC rumors. What else? Yeah. And then it was Covid and I got really sick.


And The with Covid or the, They said no, but they diagnosed me with chronic fatigue system, which is syndrome, which is just like they don't know what's wrong with you or how to fix it or anything. And Where did, where were you? Where were you during Covid? Working like 70 hours at the cat's place slash a grocery store. What city? Calgary, Canada. Oh Right. So this brings me to my point. It's funny, as a Canadian, I heard her say something goes, she sounds Canadian. But then I'm, we're in Austin, what do I know? Well I heard chronic fatigue syndrome and I thought Canadian. That's where I thought of it because they forced you to get vaccinated multiple times. It was pro-vaccine and I didn't know that I was a good child.


I was like shut up, just take the vaccine, wear your mask, get paid to stay home. Stop complaining. You're ruining it for everybody. Yeah. So wait, what? I didn't know that. Like I just believed You know the news is real and people were telling you the truth and You know. Right. So I've had three many Times. Times. Did you get vaccinated before you got Oh Jesus. Three times. Three times. Oh wow. No one you needed. I had to get two. I also traveled during that time so I had to get them to leave the country. Yeah. And then you got chronic fatigue syndrome. How? No, Before it was before I ever got Vaccinated. So did you get covid? They said no, but we couldn't get tested. I actually ended up paying for a test later that they shipped to America and for like the later test and they still came back vaccinated.


So explain to us how fatigue is chronic fatigue Syndrome. I could barely stand for 15 minutes. Like in bed ridden for almost two years. Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah, it was super fucked Up. So when you're having sex, do you just knock out at some point or? Yeah. Yeah. So what did you do? What was your life like? I, the hospital, I was fainting all the time. It was all sorts of different other things and the hospital was like you have to stay here or go somewhere else. So they were like, I had to move back with my parents. Yeah. Where Are you with it now? Mostly. Okay. It's if I do a lot you kind of feel it but Try not to do too much. Yeah. Yeah.


That's incredible. So it just slowly is getting better. Fading away. Yeah. I worked on it a lot I feel. But yeah. How did you work on it? Sunlight and exercise. I'm not trying to be funny. I'm literally guessing. No, Absolutely. Because it sounds like I take a lot Of sense. Depression. Yes. No it wasn't. I was like literally it was overnight. It was like one day completely fine. The next day could barely even stand. Like there was no, people were like, oh you were run down. You're working so much. I'm like, no. It was not a rundown. I literally was a different person the next day. But yeah. Do you think it was all the uncircumcised penises? Maybe it was. Was this Canadian healthcare that told you this? Did you ever try to get like real healthcare? No, that was Canadian. Yeah. You son of a bitch Fry. No, I joke that like chronic fatigue is, they don't know what's wrong with you and if you don't have pain then that's what it give.


If you have pain, you have fiber milage. Yeah. So that's, I Believe it or not, signing with red band on this one. Did Canadian. Canadian healthcare is crazy. Did they try to convince you to kill yourself? Yeah. No. I actually just found out 'cause my dad actually passed away. Oron and his, there's like maid, which is medical assistance and dying and if you sign up for it, you have to sign up from the beginning. So you can't change your mind in between. So you could have something where it's like cancer but they don't know if you're gonna be okay or not. And then it could be like years, but if you sign up for the one, you can't have the other. So you can't even change your mind. So if you, yeah, I just found this out.


Is It assisted suicide? Yeah, assisted suicide. Canada. Canada, yeah. Canada has killed, made thousands of people. I do believe stat. Just for the record, that's Calgary, Alberta. I'm from Toronto. It's everywhere. No, it's a real thing. Canadians Canadian help you kill yourself in Canada. I've gone A long time. It's wild. It's wild. Luckily I'm in a green room very often with Joe Rogan. My news is crazy. It's like real. It's the actual news. You can't really get it anywhere else. Maybe Tripoli's conspiracy. Phil filled Twitter. Hey Sam, you must have a conspiracy about this. Yeah, it's not real. Oh, what do you mean? Which one? So is this your Make-A-Wish?


Is this what? This is your Make-A-Wish. No, I actually like you're about to die. I I just started watching this. Yeah. Like in the spring. It was like before he did the roast, so I wasn't that lame. But yeah. And then I got tickets to the early show actually tonight and then we just went over across the street and signed up for tonight. So you took like a comic who is like working really hard to go try to make it and you're like fuck it. I sleep a lot. I'll try fucking stand up. Yeah, it's Fine. It's fine. Yeah. Still it to stand up. Yeah. Instead of laying down. Yeah. Instead being in my back. Yeah. So You're Canadian here illegally taking American jobs. Is that what you're doing? Sam? Sam? I'm Not getting paid for this. We have A lot of people in the room that are Doing that already. White illegals. Everyone's going after this, this fucking Taliban looking motherfucker over here when it's these guys taking the good jobs.


Yeah, Yeah. I know I have little sympathy when I'm at the border and they're asking me questions and I'm like at the airport like, do You know what's happening on the other side of the border? Like how dare you ask me how long I'm staying and where I'm staying. Do you have a problem opening your mouth fully? That's what's I think. I think it's kind of, by the way, just a little update, a little fun fact. In 2022 alone, there were 13,241 people assisted suicide in Canada counting accounting for 4.1% of all deaths. And that number went up 31.2% since 2021. And the numbers are not in for 2023 yet.


But going off of a 30% growth of the year before, you can imagine about 16 or 17,000 people a year being killed in Canada by Canada. Just a little fun fact for you. They are literally killing themselves. So all the praying helped America. My weird Clap by the way. Weird clap. Good job. Tony. With the exchange rate, it's less, it's It's true. It equates to 212 American lives. That's What I'm getting at. One drink. What do you think that number would be if the Maple Leafs actually won a fucking Stanley Cup? Do you think that number would go down Maybe in Toronto.


But I love you. You're I'm, I'm I can only, It's a very toothy blow blowjob Drea. Here's a little joke book. There. you go. You got, She can't catch that, but she sure can catch a restless leg, whatever the fuck it is. Yeah. Chronic fatigue syndrome. There she goes. Drea, Ladies and gentlemen, a strangely interesting lineup so far. Tonight we're gonna cleanse our palette a little bit. Ladies and gentlemen from these ladies with glasses and white ladies with glasses.


And we're gonna switch it completely to one of the superstars of the show. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the most powerful regulars in the history of the show. This is a brand new minute from the one and only Cam Patterson. Hey Yoni. I, I recently went to a art museum and they shouldn't let me in places like that. 'cause I, it was terrible. don don't know how to take in art. I don't, I was looking at, I was like, that's just gay. I didn't have a good time. I didn't enjoy it. I saw a lot of titties. That was cool. I counted eight of 'em. I touched three of 'em. They were close.


They were hard as hell. It is weird to look at art from like, from old white people. It's strange because like, I'm thinking to myself why he got on a wig and he thinking, why is this nigga free? Right. So they confused. I'm confused. We just lost at the same time. It was a lot of dicks too. That was, I didn't like that a lot. I didn't, I, that's why I don't enjoy the, why would you let somebody scope you with a soft That's crazy. And they were like posing this shit. Like you wanna she my soul Dick. Go ahead and, and look at my son. I wouldn't take a picture of my dick on Flacid. I would never do that. Let alone let somebody chisel away at my dick with stone. I would kill somebody dog and my pubes this shit.


I would fucking murder you. Do you understand me? And people say, they was like, well they, they enjoyed like having smart dicks back then got me and you was real smart. And I'm gonna tell you something, I would've went to Harvard all Oh, Another great minute from the great Cam Patterson Ladies and gentlemen fun stuff. You go to a lot of museums. Hell no nigga. I was out, I did a, I did Sam talent festival and they were like, you gotta see them. You gotta see the art museum. It's so dope. And they were cool. It would've been better on mushrooms, but it was nice. Yeah. Which festival was it? Sam Tall. He just did a festival in, in Arkansas. Oh, okay. Yeah, that shit was, it's in Arkansas.


Where they, where they started at Walmart and shit. Nigga. Yeah, Vic. Nigga Vic. Y'all have been a bender. You have been a beville. No, bro, it's, I was mad 'cause the original Walmart was closed. They would, they, it is usually open, but it was closed and I was upset because I couldn't go there and steal. Right, right. Because Right. I wanna go for the one. They started it all You. know what I'm saying? You gotta Steal from that. Yeah. It's like storming the capitol for a black person. Looting the first Walmart. I mean that is just, they do that on the Day after Thanksgiving. They, they were like, close that shit down. That nigga on the way. Dog. Close that shit the fuck down.


What else about Arkansas? That must have been a while. That's different. Nah, it was cool. It was, it, it, it it, that was it though. The art museum in Walmart and shit. I seen a dude, I, I seen a dude that was over 24 years old riding a bike with a helmet. I thought he should have died. I don't like that at all. Right. I think that's fucking stupid dog. If you a grown man, you wearing a bike with a helmet, you should die. I think that's, you should die. Were there. That's like wearing, oh, were there a lot of black people in Arkansas or were you one of the exhibits at the museum? There's a black man over here, Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome. Well, black people Live in Arkansas, black people in Arkansas. I just, I just knew not In Ville, they don't let us live that like that. But that's black people in Arkansas. I believe it. Yeah.


They're called the Razorbacks, the football team. That was funny. You piece of shit out pretty there. Texas took that like it was a racial slur. God damn. Yeah they are Razorbacks. I like that. That was good man. Yeah. So you're a black guy with a little dick that does Mushrooms. Well, lemme tell you something. First of all, I'm joking. Number one. Oh, that's a joke. My dick is huge. I gotta say that bro. I have to say that respect. Yeah, I have to say that. Yeah. My dick huge is for it's big, bigger hair. Big as fuck. Congrats. Stop looking at my dick. Man's huge.


She keep looking at it. It's huge. Finn, you hold, stop looking at it. It's huge. Look at a camera. Big as fuck America, how you stand, you got a big dick. Rumors are in that. They it is so small. Hey, lemme tell you something. Getting, I'm getting word in here. Lemme Tell, lemme tell you something ain shit. No ear nigga nothing in your ear. You lying. You're a liar. It's huge. I don't know what you said right there. Hey, tell you something. How's everything else going Cam? What else is shaking? Anything else crazy going on? Shit, nothing really going the road a lot. Just run around and shit.


That's about it. You know what I'm saying? Yep. Yeah. Love it. Russell, you've seen Cam before. I've not seen Cam before. I met him in the green room just now. But that's about it. Good job on your penis cam. Thank you. Thank you You know what? Thank you so much. Thank you. I'll just give you a pound if that's all right. I I don know what you was touching before. I don't touch No, this, this is what I do when Okay. Wow. A south pa. See he Is, he's a fucking lefty. That's odd. Now I'm gonna tell you something. Lemme tell you something. This one of be on mute. Oh shit. I'm a liar. Ha. Haha. Only This part of my hand feels dirty. My goodness. This is good man. Cam, you're an absolute superstar.


We love you. Me too. Everybody loves you. It's a great Cam Patterson, Ladies and gentlemen, We're gonna keep it moving along.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Squarespace. They are the all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it so easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and solve anything from products to content, to time all in one place, all on your terms. Redband, Tony, I love SQUARESPACE. It's far in away the greatest website designer out there. Start a completely personalized website with the new guided design system from Squarespace Blueprint. Choose from professionally curated layout and styling options to build a unique presence from the ground up, tailored to your brand or business. And optimize for every device. Easily launch your website and get discovered fast with integrated, optimized SEO tools so you show up more often to more people and grow the way you want. That's right red ba. Make checkout seamless for your customers with simple but powerful payment tools except credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay in ineligible countries. Offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with Afterpay and Clear Pay kickstart or update written content on any website, product description, or email with SQUARESPACE AI generating instant personalized results that no one show your brand identity. Explain what your site is about, choose your tone and enter what you need to get short or long form text no matter the placement. SQUARESPACE AI makes it easier to go live, stand out and succeed online. So what are you waiting for? Head to SQUARESPACE dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash kone to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey Guys, what you're listening to currently, this is a commercial promoting the Pete and Sebastian show. This podcast Chronicles the life of Pete Corelli, comedian, writer, actor, and myself, Sebastian Maniscalco. What are your credentials? Fucking Dero movies. My credentials are this cast. It's a show like no other. Yes, we do have amazing banter together, but You know we just implemented right now. We implemented guest such as, yeah, we had freaking Jay Leno, bill Burr, the great Andy Garcia. Jake Johnson. I mean, come on. The list goes on. It's gonna continue going on, on and on and on. This is cutting edge comedy, cutting edge coming direct to you in your headphones. We will see you there. Thanks for listening to the Pete and Sebastian show.


Your next bucket poll has been on the show numerous times. Kind of a kind of a legend in KILL TONY folklore, A wild, wild character. Let's see if he is got a new minute. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the long awaited return of Wiggy. Wiggy is back Fucking wiggy. Yeah. Yeah. I work at like this barbecue restaurant and like I banged this like fat chick when I first started working there. But then like years later she tried to like make fun of me and she was like, the next morning when I woke up next to Wiggy, he was all cuddled up next to me. I'm like, yeah.


Like why wouldn't I be You know? You're like a big comfy pillow. You fat fucking bitch. Like, oh fuck outta here dude. I'd be treating fat bitches a lot like menthol cigarettes. Like You know how like all your buddies smoke regular cigarettes. You might go out and like buy a pack of menthols that way. Like You know. Like they don't wanna bum any off you. So I fuck fat bitches. I, my friends don't wanna fuck 'em. You know like, huh huh? As you can tell, like all my friends are white. Like I wish I had black friends. I'd be like smoking the cigarettes. I want You know all. I remember I being in the car with like these two chicks once and they're having like their own conversation and like one chick's going like, Oh, My God.


This guy, he's a fucking weirdo. I swear to God he probably jerks off to now they're just like Oh, My God. Like she probably does jerk off to me the whole time. They're like having this conversation. I'm thinking like, no, I've like jerked off to both of these bitches. I'm like hanging out on the, I probably have the real creeper dude. Huh? Fucking wiggy. Wow. Starts with a wiggy. Ends with a wiggy. Wow. Wiggy. I can tell you, no one's ever gonna steal your material. That is one of a kind stuff. Some real woman hating stuff. You know hands. Really set the tone for fat chicks tonight. Yeah, I was thinking that. I'm like, this is a fat chick heavy episode.


Let's speak of the devil. There goes a lesbian right here. Look at this big meaty bitch swag. Holy shit. Oh Geez. Lo. Wish you better get to that bathroom quick. Oh My, God. That was like a glacier movie Right there. Wow. don don't know which restroom that thing's using, but the toilet's about to go. Bye bye-Bye. That shit's about to get what He doing in the bathroom. Love. I tried to sneak through like that was at all possible. That like about Hey Kool-Aid because he bolted he That toilet, that toilet handle's about to be jiggly Because he is gonna break it back to Wiggy. Tell us what's been going on.


I gotta tell you, wiggy honestly, even though it was fucking kind of diabolically evil, I loved that minute the way you're delivering it, you're kind of standing there in the pocket and doing your own thing. Like I said, talking about shit. No one's really covering kind of self-deprecating, but also funny. Very good. It's smarter than this shit you used to talk about years ago. I remember you. That's your best set. There. you go. That's coming from red band. Who hates you? Yeah man. Yeah. Red band openly, aggressively dislikes Him. Hate that. The wiggy part. Like you sound like a vacuum cleaner right now. He, he looks like a, he looks like a meth out SAM TRIPOLI is what He looks like a math.


Which Is a normal Sam. Tripoli. Yeah. He looks like a mathed up Sam. Tripoli. Yeah. Yeah. Oh shit. Wiggy. Alright, so what have you been up to? Wiggy. Tell us about it. I've been working a lot. I got my own show going on a swig fest at Shakespeare's. Got another come. You want, we do like a wet t-shirt contest. All right. All right. What else? Other than comedy, what else? I just, I work a lot like the Franklins. That's not really where I work. They told me not to mention my work on. Perfect. You nailed it. Wiggy. I've been banging Fat Chicks. Took a fisting class. I don know. It was pretty well you Took a fisting class. Yeah, It was on like fe life. I like signed up for it as Like it was on what Fe Life's like some like fetish.


Like online. Okay. So you signed up for an online course on fisting? No, I was at her house. Like I went over and like just bitches in like some poly MOUs relationship. I like met her husband and shit. Like I don. I was like, How many people were at this class? That's What I was wondering. It was a one-on-one class. I was wondering like, I like make friends in class. Like, I was like, yeah. Yeah. That is a one-on-one class. Wiggy. I believe you went on a date. Wiggy. Yeah. Yeah. A fetish class. Some chick wanted to get fisted. So wait a second. Hold on. This is unbelievable. You are an interview fucking oil mind. I gotta tell you, this is just like, there will be blood and they have that one set up and the kids like on the roof.


Everybody's chilling like, eh, A little bit of oil's coming out to Do. You just are a fucking, and she's Back. Geyer. Oh shit. Speaking of a geyser, look at this fucking, Hey Quack. My, why'd you leave the, Oh, My goodness. Oh My God. Does that look like the chicks you fuck? Nah, dude. What? That Is a, that is a menthol cigarette if I've ever seen one right there. So Wiggy, tell us more. Where were we just now? Fist in class. That's right. So you arrived to the fisting class. She Had like, it was like maybe like an hour like class and shout. I, she told me like take notes and I was like, I'm not fucking taking what?


I'm like, yeah. I'm like, I don. What? I don Dunno. Then like there's like a demo after I had to put like a glove on and show her like a recent STD test. But like, it was pretty crazy. don don't know. Like she taught me like some shit though I didn't. I know like the clitoris and like the fucking G spot. But there's apparently like an a spot on the other side and like I was hitting that like she was in like the doggy position. So I was hitting like the G spot with my pinky. And then I was hitting like the, a spot with My thumb up. Wait, if you, if you go ga, G, G, G, I'm pretty sure it goes Get over here At it. Yeah, but I was moving my other fingers. 'cause like the vaginal walls are like tight, like grasping around there so they can like feel the tendons and stuff and like I don. Oh, I could talk to you all night long. This show just got three hours longer.


Everybody we're about to get a fisting class. Yeah. You look like both sides of Gaza right now. That's who you look like. And we do not wanna see you strip. Alright. Fuck. yeah, wiggy ran it. So this class ended with you fisting her? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like a fisting demo at the end. I'd wear like a glove and like whatnot. I was like latex. What kind of glove? Like a latex, like Freddy Kruger. Nah. Heavy off. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Did she make any noises when you were fisting? Oh yeah. Did Jesus, was that the noise that she made?


If I find out this is the fucking horse chick from earlier, you put a fist in her nose. Wait, that other Had a hysterectomy? Wait a minute. Yeah, it was a fist hysterectomy. Was she chronically fatigued after you did this? Yeah. She was like, she's fucking out. Wild bitch. Did it sound like this when you fisted her? That's Thomas s after breaking his arm. Ladies special noise. This show Is great, dude. Fuck. yeah. Tell us more about SW Fist Fest. Yeah, it is.


I sell, I be like comics. Oh, I Can tell you if you want to. There's gonna be like a wet T-shirt contest. There's a hot dog stand. There's gonna be like 15 comedians and won five minute sets. Yeah. How close? Yeah, I overbooked the last, I had like too many. Everyone was doing like short sets, but we had like the wet t-shirt going on now. It was pretty, it's pretty cool. All there. It is All right. I, yeah. Yeah. I was writing less hot dogs than I expected. Wiggy. What's your actual, what's your actual love life like? Is there a woman out there that you love? Or you're just out there? Not at the moment. I was in a relationship for like seven years, but that was like a while ago. But like lately, I've just been banging a few different tricks. I just banged some fat chick like the other night. I don. When's the last time you talked to your mother?


Ah, pretty pretty recently? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. She's been on the show before, huh? Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good. I just got her to sign up. I thought it'd be funny on it. Yeah. Yeah. Turns out She's like some old lady out. I was, yeah. Ganging gang. Did she see your standup? Looks like I gotta fuck that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. She doesn't like it. She thinks it's a, A vulgar I. don. Yeah, a little. But she like supports it though. Just it's not Mom's classy. Yeah. You're like, mom, that really hurts my a spot. Yeah.


Alright, well Wiggy, what can I say? You already have a big joke book, right? Yeah. Yeah. I got another one. All right. Fuck it. I mean, I already got one. I don a Another one. 'cause I already got one. There goes Wiggy. Ladies and gentlemen. Fucking swing. Hey, I felt fisted. Alright, your next bucket pole, Ladies and gentlemen is on the inside. It represents one of you. It could be you. Maybe you had the courage to sign up. 60 seconds uninterrupted coming from the audience's very own. Jacob Hats Bueller. Big pop from his table.


They're proud of him. They are excited it's happening. Live. Their friend Jacob Hatton. Bueller has the opportunity of a lifetime right now. Make some noise for Jacob. So my dad is a drug addict. It can be interesting, but it can be fun usually watching him try to do the dishes. Just fend it out. Just can't even handle it. He's always burning food. One of his favorite foods is Eroni. The slogan is the San Francisco treat.


Usually I'd come upstairs and I'd just see him against a counter lit cigarette. Big twisted tea opening the pack of basketball cards that he got when my mom was sleeping. Trying to pull the LeBron James so he can finally get his life together. I oftentimes go to Whole Foods. I see a lot of hot women. I'm just glad that they are finally eating An adorable set. Jacob Hats. Bueller. Welcome Jacob. Thank You. Hell yeah.


How long you been trying standup comedy? This is my First time. This very first time. Amazing. Jacob. I love it. How old are you? I'm 26. 26. What you been doing with your life up till this point? Bunch of stuff. Okay. Well you could start listing them off. You're on the show live right now. We're from Montana, so we do a lot of skiing. There is no we You're by yourself. Stop looking at them. I'm nervous at Shit. This table of fucking Billy goats over here. Look at this shit. Just a mustache with a ball cap on over here. That's his buddy Guy. Looks like John Holmes. Exactly. My buddy. Right. Just a human mustache.


Look at that fucking guy. Jesus Christ. He just cut it this morning. He looks fabulous. I love it. So what do you do in Montana? Kind of tractor? You riding the sweet sounds of Montana. It's, It sounds exactly the, what You do for work. Sound A lot. I I package weed. Okay. All right. Weed packager. All or how long you been doing that for? About four years. Okay. What do you do for fun? Moonshine, moons, shining. Lot of skiing. Okay. I used to skate a lot. Alright. Nothing super, super interesting.


It's pretty boring over there. Okay. Do stuff like this. Where'd You get that cool soprano shirt from? I just ordered it a few weeks ago. From where? They deserve a shout out. If you can remember. It's Fantasy Initiative on Instagram. Oh, Okay. That's interesting. Then I thought I was hoping it was Sopranos based official merch, but I guess not. Okay. Jacob, what's interesting about you? How was this all true about your dad? Yeah, he was burning food, doing dishes. Sounds like he was taking care of your ass. He was indeed. While doing drugs. Yes. We're talking about heroin. Yeah. Fentanyl Probably. But You know for sure heroin. Yeah.


And he would nod out while making some seroni. Yeah. And that basketball card thing's real. Oh yeah. Alright. Where's your dad at now? Back in Montana. Okay. He's chilling right now. Yeah. Does he have any idea that you came here? Nope. Why not? 'cause he is doing heroin. When's the last time you talked to him? I talk to him every now and then. Yeah? Yeah. You live with him still? No. No. Does he usually stay up at about this time? Why don't we unlock your phone and see if we can't get this guy nodding out.


Sam, pass this down there. Unlock this gentleman's phone. What do you think? You think dad's gonna take our call? He might, but I don't. Let's take a chance. We're gonna take a chance here, Jacob. I don't. I don't talk. Oh, you have the phone. Don't throw four phones at once. Mustache is coming up with some wild ideas. Like, I'll throw all these. Come on, Let's do it. Fucking creep. As I'm Puerto Rico. Yeah. I love it. So what are your thoughts on what's about to happen here? You think your dad's gonna be disappointed if he finds out that you just talked about his heroin addiction on the biggest show in all of the industry? I don't think so. Perfect. But so which one is it? We just gonna unlock all of 'em and go for it here. How about a hand for the lovely Heidi Ladies and gentlemen.


All right. This is gonna take about an hour and a half. We have You just push it on. Yeah. You gotta kind of There. you go. Yeah. We're gonna figure this out here. Oh, how old's your dad? Early fifties. Does he still work? Yeah. What does he do for a living? He's cleaning schools right now. I think. Cleaning. So he is a janitor? Yeah, He is a janitor. I love it. and you're packaging weed. Alright. That is not the phone. We are playing a little game of Chinese roulette where you have to figure out which Apple iPhone is.


Jacobs. Now It's all Android with these Guys. This guy does not wanna call his dad. He said no to four phones already. We must be close now. Nope. Let's keep opening phones before we repackage them. We could do that at any point. We are. We're gonna do, yeah, yeah. No it, sorry, Sorry. Alright, here we go. So Jacob, here's the plan. Here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna hit go on the phone call. Oh, you have to turn it back on. Okay. You're gonna hit full send phone call. Right? You're gonna hit it to speaker phone and you're gonna go all the way up with your side volume. Okay. Then you're gonna take the phone like this and you're gonna put the bottom of it like that.


No, the bottom. The bottom. It's the bottom red band. I loved it. You're in charge of sound on this show. The speakers Are on the bottom. Just relax. We got, I got this red band. We are here. No, no, no. When you're on speaker That the bottom Sam also thinks the The other senior. Senior correspondent. I got Your back bro. I got your back. Also thinks his dad does. We got a red band. You ready to do this Jacob? I am. What's his name by the way? My name Jacob. Jacob Sr. This is absolutely beautiful. I'm the, I'm the third. This is the segment we call, call a heroin addict. Very exciting stuff. The call is going into Jacob hats Buer Senior.


And here we go. Right up. Well he won't hit you. Is Right up up to the bottom of it. Flat. Like flat in the middle. Yep. Jacob P go smoke. Oh, That was not it. Yeah, that's a voicemail. He's, he's had many numbers. I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try another one. Hold on. Wow. I, Hey, did that say something about SoundCloud? I have no idea. Okay, try again. We have your Dad seat under, I got, I got one more. He switches numbers all the time. I have no idea.


Welcome to Verizon Wireless. Oh, you're fucking Alright Jacob. Well that sucks. That's it. There. you go Jacob Hazen Berger. Here's the little, here's the little key chain. There. you go. We tried. Sometimes it works out. Sometimes phones are shut off. It only took seven minutes for no phone call. No big deal. Who's paying attention? You. guys. Still having fun out there. Your next bucket poll. Ladies and gentlemen goes by the name of Brandon Michael. And here we go.


A lot of these comedians, I've been here all day. Here's Brandon. Michael. I'm gonna give You guys a little fair warning. I just took two baby aspirins. So if I seem a little shaky up here, I apologize in advance. A fun fact about me, I can't really smoke weed no matter how hard I try two puffs in, I immediately start feeling like Forrest Whitaker's left eye alcohol is even worse. I don't think I've had enough hardship to properly enjoy my alcohol, but I think for me more it's the taste. The other day I had my first IP eight was so dark I had to chase it down with a child support payment. So I can't wear plaid.


I've noticed that. Yeah. The other day I went on a work dinner to Benny Hana. They sat us at a table full of lesbians. At the end of the picture or at the, the end of the dinner. We took a picture. I couldn't fucking find myself. That's my time though. I appreciate You guys. Thank you. Holy shit. Brandon. Michael, how are you bud? Good. How are you? Tony? If I seem out of breath, I ran over here and this body is, if seem outta Of breath, I ran here. If I seem him a little shaky, I took baby aspirin. If these jokes don't work, it's 'cause my sense of humor's off Accurate. You're Like the excuse guy. What can I say? What can I say that I haven't said a thousand times before? Don, if you didn't like that line, it's 'cause I had a Gatorade at lunch.


That's accurate. He's like a Jewy red band. Get it together. Cock sucker. That's, that means a lot coming from Chris Christie. I appreciate that. Thank you sir. Wait, which one? Who? Oh no, I, my bad. I guess we're the wrong way. Who who? Who was that directed towards? I was just Russell Peter. You called RUSSELL PETERS Christie. Oh shit. He's got a, he's a Blue Jays fan too. I revoked that statement. I apologize. Oh, My. goodness. Are you blind too? I Didn't, he was turned at an angle. I'm not Bill I, the looks around the corner guy. I didn't know. Crazy roast joke. You obese white politician. Russell. A fat American guy. Oops. Good one. Tony means a lot coming from the power and forward for the Lakers.


You're fucking wacky, dude. Oh, I apologize. Okay. Well, you're good. You do apologize. So you're Canadian? No, I'm actually, I was born in North Carolina, raised in Chicago. North Carolina. Raised in Chicago. Is that where you live now? No, now I live in right outside of Oklahoma and Nana. Okay. What are you doing there? What do you do for work? Right now it's mainly been doing standup and just DoorDash here and there. Okay. The mostly DoorDash. You would be surprised. You would be surprised. Be surprised. I opened up for Holzman not too long ago. We're crawling. Okay. Crawling. Apparently you opened up A Coca-Cola Before the show. No. What after that shirt? That's accurate. Is it?


Is your shirt also your giz rag at the same time? If I told you it wouldn't be a secret. That's the only downside. You know. You're a silly guy. How old are you? I just turned 27. 27. What do you do for fun when you're not doing standup? So I'm a big sports guy. I'm in there. Anything from like nascar, football, soccer, baseball, hockey. I'm your guy. Wow. You're my guy. Oh yeah, a hundred percent. When it comes to sports. Yeah. Oh, My. goodness. Wow. So you like athletics, but you don't actually do Athletics. I was, I was actually quite an athlete back in the day. Let the record. What kind athlete were you? Catcher? I was a, I was a quarterback. You would never know. Now I know You were a quarterback. Oh, I can throw a P through a Cheerio. I think it might've. I'm telling you. No question about it. Shut. You might've been a quarter shut. I swear. My life.


Tony. Wow. You were, I promise you'll shit your pants. I promise you. I'll shit my pants. You'll Have a full diaper. I'm telling You're So good at sports. I'll shit my pants. What can I say? You said it. Not me. Tony. What can I say? You're full of catchphrases. Oh God. You could throw a pee or a chariot. Oh yeah. With one eye closed and my pinky behind my back. I'm telling you, You have the spirit of a 98-year-old man And the back pain. I promise you, back In my day, I could throw a pee. Throw a goddamn cheerio. A 26-year-old with a fucking grandpa trapped in your body. I'm getting there. Holy shit. So you went from quarterback to quarter pounders.


Real fucking Huh? I wish I could disagree. I'm gonna be honest. I wish I could disagree with you Tony, but I can't. I goddamn dead. I went and I stopped playing sports and I started eating a lot. But that doesn't mean that I back in my day, I wasn't doing something special. I'll tell you right now, and I'll say it again and I'll say it a thousand times before, and then I'll tell you, and you'll see one day you're gonna shit your pants. When you see that, I'm telling you the absolute truth and there's nothing about it that I wouldn't change for the world. And if I did change it, I change it back a thousand times over. And if I did that, you wouldn't even know. You are out of control. You're good at everything. Except for the comedy part. Oh, you're everything except funny.


Have you ever thought about running for political office? He's not thinking about running at all. I'm gonna go door to door. I'm gonna go door to door. I'm gonna dash from door to door. I'm gonna go from Door Dash to dashing the doors for you. The people. What can I say? You're full of Catchy. What can I say? What can I say? What is your ethnicity? I'm just white, but like kind of a little heavy. Heavy white. Heavy. What? A heavy white. I think that's what they call it. I read that somewhere. I tell you. I think I read it somewhere. When, when I was looking at the periodicals on the dailies. What can I say that I haven't read a thousand times before? Tony. It's Got a sports almanac in his back pocket.


Oh yeah. I'll, that's actually an erection, but we'll, we'll cross that bridge later. I guess We'll cross that bridge when there's a bridge to be burnt. That's actually the sound that I hear in my head after every single one of my lines. It's absolutely incredible. and you can't spell incredible without credible. And that's what I am. Tony. That's the bell from Germaine Taylor Kelly Pavlik round 11. Oh, I know that. Mickey Mantle, 1947. Oh, you're not that far off. That's what's embarrassing. Absolutely. So That's The part that's embarrassing. That's So, it is incredible.


Russell, you've performed in the Middle East many, many times. Correct? And it is very dry out there. Have you ever seen anywhere drier, what's drier there? Or the pussies in the room when this guy came on stage? Hey, you would be Amazed. You would be amazed. Donny, I, I tell this right now. Tony. I know what you're thinking. Tony. No, no, no. Tony. No. I know what you're thinking right now, but let me tell you something. I can throw a pee pee through a cheerio. I'll absolutely get laid with anyone anytime, anything. And I'll tell you this, once you go with me. You never go back to anything. You have a catchphrase for that.


Not yet. You Have any special, you have any special moves in the bedroom that you like to do. We learned a lot about the g spot. The a spot. And this thing I've never heard of called the clitoris today. I, I have one called Ouch. That's my fucking ankle. Okay. How does that go? Explain that to us. If I told you it wouldn't be a secret You. know what I'm saying? Tony. If I don, you're outta control. I could talk to you forever. This is unbelievable. Yeah, I promise, man. I I'm telling you, I I'm not a I dude, I fucked up running here. Fucked You. know how much fucked? When's the last time I ran people? Let's be serious. You fucked what? I fucking killed my fucking lung. My kidney You know. What do you mean? I'm pretty sure I got osteoporosis running over here.


How do you have osteoporosis? I'm telling you I was high kneeing it. I'm telling you, dude, I was, I was trudging over here. I don't think you Were high. You were running over here. That hurts Me. That hurts me. That hurts me. High knee. I'm gonna be honest with you. You've hurt me. This guy's, this guy's an animal. Jesus out of the tree, like a ebler elf. Jesus Christ. This guy's a madman. God. I'm telling you, You are the funniest unfunny person. I promise you. Ever Tony life not think that this is a fucking anomaly in the history of the show. Promise. He is both extremely not funny and extremely fucking funny. At the same time, you Grab the biggest kid and make him do a 40 yard dash and then say, you got 60 seconds, Sonny.


I was hanging on. Okay. I'm gonna be honest with you. I couldn't beat Rich Eisen running here You. know what I'm saying? I was trying Tony. He's like a pager in Lebanon. You know. He's a an ironic kind of bombing. Yeah. And he is going off right now. I revoke what I see. He's a blue Jays fan. I'm fucking, that's all me Russell. I apologize. I am don. Don't watch baseball at all. Oh geez. Now I'm back to where I stood initially. I take it back. I stood by what I said. Oh. And here We are here. I'm You. know what I'm saying? Back as the governor of New Jersey, I thought we had something. You were wearing a jean jacket. My mom wears jean jackets. I thought we had something and now you lost me You. know what I'm saying? Tell you Russell, I was gonna be your best friend, but I changed my mind.


I was Gonna, I swear to God, I I I do with the Toronto Blue Jays, what I do with a treadmill. I stand by it. Yeah. I I don't get on it. I don't get on it all the way, but I stand by it and I stood by you and now I don't stand by you anymore. Yep. Now I'm going out to get a protein shake. What can I say? It's the best part of the gym. Sometimes I go there just for the protein shake and then I leave. don don't really need to workout. The protein shake gives me energy. What am I gonna do? I'm gonna have some steps. I'm gonna get some steps in that, that I've never had a 13-year-old boy play me so accurately. I appreciate that. Actually. I'm pretty sure shots fired.


Shots fired. I'm pretty sure you have been played by a 13-year-old boy before. I don't think his cholesterol Don. Are you calling me a predator? Because I am not. And I never would be. I don't do that. I've watched some games with some kids before. I taught 'em how to kick a field goal a couple times. I used to do that too. If I ever lift my leg that high, Tony, I'm telling you. I'm telling you. It'll be a fucking crazy day. What is your accent? None of the places that you've said have given me this Boston Sports Radio. Tony. If I said it once, oh, it always a bit of Chicago. How long were you in Chicago for? I think like four or five years. Only four or five years. You up with all this wisdom? I had a kid tell his girlfriend or his brother once his mom's so fat Thanos had to snap twice.


Those kids are crazy down there. You learn quick. I'm telling you Tony, I'm telling you. Tony my first environment, Tony. I'm telling you I'm serious. You need to get T-shirts. I'm warning yous made Tony. I'm telling you. Can I just call you that? That should be your stage name. Brandon Michael's so boring. You should change it to Tony. I'm telling you. Oh Geez. First name Tony last name. I'm telling you. The king of non-Sequitur. Yeah, Tony. I'm telling you. And I swear to God, and I wouldn't swear to God if he was here, but I swear to him right now in real life. I mean the figure of speech, not the actual thing. I would never do that to the Lord and Savior Jesus. I'm not too religious. I'm not too religious. I do enjoy watching passion of the Christ backwards though. Sometimes.


It's so nice to watch those Romans help Jesus get down from there. I'm not a fucking shithead sir. Finally Not a fucking shit. I keep looking back. He's not like you're So, wait, how long have you been doing standup? Only about a year and a couple months. Where have you been doing it at? Mainly hyenas. That was like kind of my open my club. Yeah. And I've kind of expanded a little bit to like And that's where you're based on? I'd say I've expanded a little bit. Oh, that's accurate. You and my doctor. Both pal. But yeah, You and my doctor.


You're a silly fucking goose dude. But yeah, No, basically around here in Dallas, you close With your father. No, he was kind of You know one of those. I just, I couldn't do it. You ask him a question, it turns into a fucking speech. You know. We just, Any your dad would go on long diet Tribes. He's left. Yeah. I just, I couldn't do it. I'm honest. You know I Don. I'm an honest guy. I don. Know what you want me to say, but I'm telling you, I'm an honest guy. I'll be honest with you forever. I'll be your best friend. I'll teach you how to throw a fucking military missile right through a fucking carabiner. I don't have the hands for that. What? I feel like that would take a lot of like using needles and shit. That's not really me.


Tony. I'm gonna be honest with you. What he's saying is he is not dainty. Yeah. Thank you. Russell gets it. He's he's Aldente. Yeah, He's aldente. I love, yeah. The day I'm dainty, you'll be Jewish You. know what I'm saying? It's just, there's no way don, don't have it in Me. Don't stop. Don't try to be funny Brandon. I'm not Be You. I promise I'm not. There's no try. There is only two. I am not that guy. I promise you I'm ashamed. See what I mean? When you don't do it, it's unbelievable. You don't even know how funny you are in Between. Thank you words. My father never told me. I appreciate you, sir. He's of the 20. He of the 25. 30. 35. Alright. All right.


Redband. Jesus. Good. Okay. Stop. We're gonna get him outta here. Brandon, any parting words? Any last thing that you wanna say? How do you feel this went? How did, Dude, I'm gonna be honest. I kind of shit the bed early, but I think You guys saw, I can tell a joke and I'm not an asshole. You know what You know what I always say. My friend You know what I say. You know what I'm gonna say right now. Shitting the bed is one of the side effects that taking to baby your aspirin before you come up here. Prescription strength Prescriptions. Wait, stop. How do you get prescription strength? Baby aspirin. And why are you saying that without a smile on your face? I'm, I'm Telling you, Tony Always telling you, telling Tony.


I'm telling you. What do you want me to say? Tony? I had a headache. Someone had prescription strength. Baby aspirin. Am I on fentanyl right now? Tony, there's no such thing as baby aspirin. Prescription strength. That's called aspirin. That's what they want. You, you to think. That's Probably our senior aspirin correspondent Brian Redban here. The, the I bionic man. He's been looking for baby aspirin his whole goddamn life. Oh shit. You are unbelievable. There's nothing I can do for you. But Maybe we get him a box of Cheerios. Yeah, that's, and so I gotta throw, throw P Through it. That's What do you do for work again? I I've really just been DoorDash and I work door guy at Hyenas sometimes too. But why? Why Dallas?


Why are you there? What do you mean? I'm not exactly in the You know financial infrastructure to pick a place and just go, ah, there You. know what I'm Saying? Okay. I'm a Dallas guy. But what makes, we're roughly Dallas. Why are you a roughly a Dallas guy? Well, we originally moved here my senior year of football. And who's we? My mom. I moved with my mom and dad. Right. Your mom and Dad. And then around 2014. And then I've just kind of been here since. Okay. and you were Friday night lights. Yeah. You could say that one time we ran out of power, but we'll fucking, we'll brush that under the rug You. know what I'm saying? I gotta get you out of here, dude. I give you a big joke book already. No, I appreciate It. You got it. You're just too silly of a goose. Fill that up.


Brandon. Michael, Brandon Michael or as I'm gonna call him from on Tony. I'm th you the KILL TONY debut of Tony. Last name. I'm th ya. It's a wild show. Your next bucket pool goes by the name of Chase Moat. Here comes Chase Moat. Everybody. All right. I've been thinking about sobriety lately. I think alcohol makes you dumb. But I think weed makes you autistic. I got a buddy that can identify any car, make or model. Every time we smoke weed, we'll be driving.


I'll be like, oh shit dude. Is that a cop? He's like, no, that's a Toyota Scion. We driving. I'm like, oh shit dude. Is that a cop? He said, no, that's a Ford. They stopped using Fords in oh six. We be smoking. I'll be like, oh shit dude. Is that a cop? He said, bro, you're in my living room lately. I've been on the Delta eight thing. You know the legal weed. You don't know what that is. It's like classic weed with a few things replaced, removed or modified. You know, classic weed. A few things replaced, removed or modified. It's like trans weed. I had a buddy that was like, is this real weed?


I was like, that's transphobic. He was like, is this legal? I was like, for now. All right. Thank you. All right. Chase Moat has a super fan over here. This is absolutely incredible. How high are you sir? Thanks. You're fucking drunk. Absolutely amazing. Oh yeah. Hi Chase. How are you? I'm doing good, Tony. Good. How long you been doing standup? Going On four years. Where at Alabama. All of it In Alabama? Yeah, All Of it in Alabama. Have you been on the show before? I was on the show before. I don't like to talk about it. Okay. Alright. What happened?


Don? Don't know. You called me the Birmingham Bomber. Ah, I thought that had a lot of like 16th Street Baptist Church vibes and I didn't like it. Okay, well welcome back. Birmingham Bomber. Thanks. Hey, if it, if it sticks, I'll take it. All Right. What do you, what do you do for work Right Now? I drive for Amazon. Okay. Yeah. Driving for Amazon. Does your friend know what kind of car that is? It changes every day. Dude. It's a trip. It's wild. Okay. Is it? I think so. Sometimes it's a Ford. Sometimes it's a sprinter. Sometimes it's a You. know. That's crazy. Well, the cops haven't, dude, Amazon just got on the Ford Rams.


They have the widest cargo space. Okay. Y'all don't care. Chase. What else in life? Do you still live in Birmingham? No, I'm here now. I live here. How long Have you been here? Like four months. Okay. Yeah. What's your living situation? Me and my wife bought a house. So I live with my wife, my kid. We bought a manufactured home in a manufactured home community. What does that mean? Manufactured home? It's like a trailer park without wheels. That's, that's it. Storage container, right? Like no, I mean it's a trailer. Just, they make it look nice. No wheels. No wheels. They bring it in and then they just leave it on the cinder blocks.


It's stuck there forever. You can move it. How can, but it takes a lot of work. I think money. But yeah, I wanna do the work. But it takes a lot of money. Right? Absolutely. That would be the sound of it. Yeah. So how old's your kid? He will be four in January. And how long have you been with your wife? Eight years. Going on eight years. Eight Years. What does she do for a living? Reverse mortgage loan processor. So she's kind of the breadwinner in the family? Hell Yeah, dude. My. goodness gracious. Oh yeah. The pendulum is swung. They're making the money. Yeah, Definitely. What ethnicity is she? She's a white.


Okay. She's White. He's from Alabama. Yeah. No, I know white. I just wanted to see how we would say it and it came out. Best case scenario, she's a white, She's either gonna be white or related to 'em. One or the other. Yeah. Yeah. I just love how it starts with an H down there in Alabama. She's White. A white. A white. A. A classical white. White. Okay. And so she is the breadwinner. So you have to keep her very happy. Right. Chase, you have any tricks to that? Yeah. I got so many tricks, dude. I got so many. Rattle 'em off for us. All right. Rattle 'em off. I'm super kind to her.


I listen. Gay. We have a gay man, Ladies and gentlemen. Alright. He has come out of the closet. Look, I Love monogamy. That's what I'm about. You know. Wow. He's a gay lying man. Everybody a gay liar. Pants are on fire. 'cause he is flaming. Yeah, it's Gonna be hot. Okay. How else do you please her? Do you have specific questions? Yep. Yep. Keep going. All right. You know I talked about listening to her feelings. I'll initiate a lot. I'll initiate the dish washer and sex. I'll initiate sex If the rules were reversed.


Right. and you are reversing mortgaging. She's a dirty Amazon delivery driver. Hell yeah. Right? Do you think you would be the same person? Do you think you'd be as nice? Do you think you'd be as giving? Do you? Or do you think you'd be like, bitch, gimme some Food. Oh, if I made all the money, would I be nicer? Yeah. Or would I be meaner? Well, no. Would you be exactly as nice as you are now? Would you be slightly just ever so slightly less nice? Yeah, probably. I mean, I don't know what the perfect, yeah, absolutely. No, perfect. I just wanted to get that on record. No, you gotta watch your tongue. I just, if you're not making the money, I think women learn that and now we gotta learn it.


I just wanted, when your wife's watching this, I want her to be like, God dammit. What the fuck Chase. No, My wife's, my wife's mouthy as fuck. And I didn't say that. I did not say that. I did not. What do you do about that? I go on the road. Yeah. Perfect answer. The RUSSELL PETERS tour starts next week in Chicago. Russell PETERS dot com for tickets. Most interesting thing about you, chase. Oh, I knew it was coming. I rattle 'em off. Sure. Yeah, you pick it. I won a high school drag show. You were right about the Game for the record.


I called him gay nine minutes ago. The other heel just dropped. Not, it's not Drag isn't gay. It's just a pretend I. don Dunno, pretend gay. Sure, sure. No, it was in, it was in high school. My high school put on a drag show. Was it drag racing or No? They, they were like the only way to have drag in schools is if, if, if the kids do drag, I guess. I don't know. So the only way they could have dragon, I won. I won. Well you're the best one. Yeah. How many you wanna see him reenact his drag show from? Yeah. This is goddamn unbelievable. Okay. I'm just glad it's not in front of school children.


Well, this was all right, freshman and seniors. Lemme set the scene. I'm a sexy cop. Dad's a police officer. The vice principal just read off how I like to beat guys with my naughty nightstick, all those things. So I walk up to the mic. Two words, boys, spread 'em. Oh, My, God. I regret this. We Were never allowed to use a mic again. The Mic I've taken away. Stop, stop. Stop. With the gay lighting and everything. Jesus. I didn't even know You guys had that lighting package back there. Just rainbow strobes all of a sudden for it. Tony. I specifically requested it, but I mean, I didn't think we would do it on this show.


That's for after hours. Hell yeah. Oh, My. goodness. Okay guys, that's enough. Michael. Relax. Jesus. Michael Gonzalez has been waiting years for this drag show opportunity on this show. I'm working Out. I was underage at the time. Tick, tick, Tick, tick, tick, tick. It's like the segment ended two minutes ago, Michael. He is like, come on, get Yeah. That 15-year-old body was nice. Right? So you said you're gonna rattle up a bunch of stuff. You rattled one off and then we went full stop. What else you got? Yeah, that was fun. I've had a lot of concussions. I've had a lot of concussions. Is it from the gay bashing or No?


No. I They were from a lot of different things. Yeah. Alabama drag. They make you dress like a woman. Then they beat the shit outta head. Get over here, you buying it. You're like, wait, you put together the event. There was a rainbow lighting. What the fuck? Ow, I'm, I'm concussed and now I'm shot. Oh. And I've been bounced off of something. That was worst one. Don't say that. The cannon is really the icing on the cake there. Yeah, the all right Chase, I'm gonna get you the fuck outta here. All right, cool. Thank you. You already have a joke book A little one. Yeah, That sounds about right.


There he goes. Chase, moat, Ladies and gentlemen. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, one final bucket poll. How we feeling? This is the latest we've ever got on a Monday night. You. guys still with us. Make some fucking noise for your final fucking poll of the night. We're gonna meet them all together. Make some noise for Fantasia. Will Hoyt, Fantasia will hoist. I bet none of you expected a white girl to pop out, did you? No. Nope. But it's me. Hi everybody. I'm Fantasia. I'm a mom. That's probably my favorite thing. But it's a little tough because you gotta give tough love to these kids.


'cause when we were kids, the biggest comeback was, oh yeah, well I'm rubber and you're a glue. Whenever you say bounce on me and sticks to you. And we were like, fuck. He just got roasted. And now people are like, Hey, on Friday I get my allowance. I'm about to watch your mom get hooked on our OnlyFans. And I'm like, I'm not prepared for that. Like I'm not. And my daughter, she's gonna be 12 next week and she just got a phone. I'm worried. 'cause if I see 12-year-old titties, it's gonna be fucking hell in my house. I remember when I was younger, your titties got leaked. God fucking forbid. The whole school found out and you had to tell your parents. 'cause fuck that. But now you tell people like, Hey, I saw your tits.


And they're like, was it a picture or a video? Which one? I don't know which one you saw. There's tons, but half the time they leaked at their self. 'cause You know she's competing with her mom now for OnlyFans. But they might give a promo. You could get two for one. You know, so who knows. But thank you. Holy shit. Unbelievable. How are ya? I'm So fucking excited. I've been outside since fucking 10:00 AM guys. Is that 'cause you're homeless? No, I came here from Florida. I'm trying to escape the hurricane, so. Oh, My. goodness gracious. So what part of Florida do you live in? I live in Port St. Lucie. There's fucking nothing there. So I Know about Port St.


Lucie. Oh Yeah. It's, it's getting, it's growing. So, all right. Is Port St. Lucy also what guys call your vagina? No. No, no, because It's Lucy. No. Okay. What do you do for work? Fantasia will Hoyt. So I'd have two jobs. A Roller derby. Okay. I used to, I used to listen. I have seven brothers. You have to grow up to be a touch bitch. Okay. You do. You have to, You have two jobs. Yes. You're a manager at a strip club? I am not. I am a massage therapist. That was my next guess.


And I, and number two is a gas station attendant. No, I actually am an alternative like fashion model. That is my job. Okay. I see you representing the Kansas City Chiefs. Yeah, we won today and the Cowboys won yesterday, so I'm pretty excited about that too. Wow. I like both. Okay. Patrick Mahomes is a Texas boy. He played a Texas Tech. Gimme a break. Okay. We get it. You look Patrick Mahome. Yeah. You look like a Travis Kel C word. I Do. These are chief's jokes about females that I'm coming Up with. I'm, I'm often told I'm a real connoisseur, so. Okay. All right. What's your love life like? You seem like the kind of girl that would absolutely take anything.


Well, I mean earlier, I know we talked about the molestation thing, so I guess it kinda, it you have trauma. So When you say earlier, what do you mean exactly? I was here for the earlier show, but the standby show. But What, wait, what do you, you were in the audience at a Yeah, they're taping of this show. Yeah, earlier Today. Okay. Right. Yes. So that is, that's yeah. I'm sorry. That's nothing to do with anything. Well, I was, that was a different show. Well, I was talking about like the trauma, but Now, and we didn't talk about Anything. No, I was just talking about like things bring trauma. So let, So let's start from scratch. I'm sorry. Withm. Just nervous. Scratch. I'm very, very excited. I'm just nervous. It's okay. So what was the fucking question Again? My love life. Here we Go.


Ready for this? What's your love life like? It's good, but I just try to keep it personal. You have an OnlyFans? I do not. Oh, Huh, okay. I try not to like have that title. I don't wanna be an OnlyFans girl. I have nothing against it. I just don't wanna do it. You look It. I know. Thank you. You don't talk, I take it as a compliment. That just means that I'm pretty, so whatever Kind of Yeah, It's fine. Yeah, I don't care. It's fine. You Do have a little swagger to you. Yeah, I Think I'm pretty cool. I mean, I have a lot of tattoos and I mean, I usually get along with most people. I like to think I'm pretty nice. I've had a hard life, so I try to be the best person that I can. Wow. Okay. There, you go silly.


Eilish. Ladies and gentlemen. So if you don't wanna talk about your personal life, can you give us some more interesting, fun facts about That? Sure. I mean, I was a foster kid for a long time. We already knew that. What else? Yeah, of course. Before I did massage, I used to run a Denny's in the hood, so that was probably my favorite job I've ever had A Denny's in the hood. Yeah. I used to fight strippers in the bathroom. They would come get off work and just be like lit and just throw money at me like it's gonna make it. Okay. I've been in more fights than I would care to imagine at Denny's. No. You were in a Florida, Denny's in the hood. Yeah, Riviera Beach. If You know anything about that, it's pretty rough there. I think the only thing worse is a waffle house in that area.


It Definitely is. Yes. Got it. So interesting. How did the 12-year-old happen? Is that your only kid? That is my only kid. Yep. I had her when I was 19. I got pregnant at 18, but I was married, so when I, when I got pregnant. Is he On OnlyFans? Nope, He's, he's in prison. Oh, look at Feds. I can't believe the father of your children is in prison. That's unbelievable. Okay. Well, her biological father is in prison, but she has a great dad in her life. Okay. And he has been there since before she was one. And he is the best man ever. So he, she has a great dad. Yeah. Good for him. Amazing. Yeah, he's amazing.


Amazing. What did the her biological dad go to prison for? Are you ready? Yeah. Child pornography. Oh shit. Oh, My. God. I swear to God That went. Did he write that set for you? Or, I'm sorry? Did he write that set for you? Just No. You did not? No. Oh, My goodness. So how did this go down? What did, what happened? So we were like freshly married when I was 18 and I had left to go to the, how old was he? He was 20, he's two years older than me. Okay. We went to like high school together and we lived on a military base. He was in the military. And I left to go to the store and my daughter was there and I got a phone call 20 minutes after I left that I had to go home because the police were there.


And I was like, what the fuck is happening? And they showed me a search warrant that they had for child porn. And I was like, okay, well, like, I'm not in trouble, so like, can I have my kid? And they're like, no, we gotta talk to you. And I'm like, oh yeah. But it was like real, like criminal mind shit. Like I'm driving down my road, the whole road is like filled with cops. I have to like, drive through yards to get to my house. It was fucking crazy. Okay. So as you approach that happens, what, what did they end up finding? So I don't exactly know because he took a plea deal. So when he went to court, they like had like a whole deal arranged. But I know they took like, anything that could hold storage, like a tv, like the DVDs.


They went through all the DVDs to make sure they were like super legit, like real movies. Like they wanted to take like a digital picture frame that just had pictures on it because they wanted make sure like nothing was being hidden. Like it, they literally took everything. So I don don't know. How did you meet the supplemental father? Also when I like lived there. So, Because it seems you met him right away. I didn't, it was a little while later, but it, it was less than a year, so it was kind of fast, I guess. But did you Meet 'em at a bar? Were You like, no. My friend, she was moving and at the time I had a cleaning business. Like the military families moved, they had to have like a, their house spotless. So they would hire me and I would help my friend clean her house and he was there with her husband.


Clean Their hard drives also. Absolutely. Absolutely. I don't want caught at another house like that. Come on. Okay. So have you ever been into drugs or anything like That? Never. I, I never even smoked weed until I was 27. But now I love to smoke weed. You Look like bath salts, to be honest with you. I, I really, really have never tried another drug besides weed, so. Wow. You look like you might have dated his father. The guy from Montana You know. Yeah, Actually believe before I got all these tattoos, I actually wanted to be a police officer, so I didn't try drugs because I knew I would have to pass all these tests, so Wow.


Absolutely incredible. So how long have you been doing standup? This is my first time on stage ever. First Time ever on a stage. You've never been on a stage before for anything? I do like karaoke, but that's it. What's your song at karaoke Carrie Underwood Before he cheats? Oh, well Before he cheats. Or I do. Gretchen Wilson Here for the Party. I like that song. Or your baby daddy, Carrie underage. He likes that. He, He really does. Congratulations, Fantasia, you did it. You got on the show. Here's a much medium DM sized joke. Thank you so much. But feel free to fill it up with crazy shit. Sign up sometime. We'll do it again. There goes so Fantasia Will Hoit Ladies and gentlemen.


Good job Did You guys have a fun night tonight. Tonight. Well, You know the way I look at things. There's only one of two ways to end an episode like this and the usual way of ending it is not here tonight. However, the only other reasonable option in the world, I think is to bring to the stage one of the fastest rising comedy stars in the world. I mean, where do I even begin? He's a fucking Coldblooded assassin. So many levels accomplished on this show.


The only one left is him becoming a citizen of the United States of America. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the one and only the great and powerful, the Estonian assassin. This is Matic. Amen. Stop shaming sluts. We love 'em You know, some guys are like, oh, she is fucked. Everybody. Oh, you mean she's an angel.


I am 32 years old. I need time on court. I don't wanna go to a restaurant that's empty. If I see a line, then I'm like, what's the special? I don't wanna board a ship where it's the captain's first day out at sea. I want to see the captain with the fucking wooden leg eye patch. I've been sucking dick since Woodstock.


I don't want, I don't want no shell-shocked virgin, approaching my dick like you're a contestant on fear factor. I want you to treat my dick like you're a bartender when he's flaring. Thank you so much. Fucking unfucking believable. Thank you so much. I mean, that is how it is done. Wow. What a special treat. I mean, my God. Unbelievably, unbelievably smart and funny. Are you Maddy?


Thanks. Not only have you done it again, I do believe that's one of my favorite sets of yours I've ever seen. Oh wow. I don. Absolutely incredible. It's always shocking to me when this happens. On the rare occasion, on someone's 15th or 20th or whatever, however many appearances. Incredible. Yeah, it's a super fun exercise. Writing jokes, trying to get to the point quicker, And you're competing with only yourself. It's incredible. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I'm trying to have fun in the process. The fans are super supportive. Thank you everybody Love it. Thank you. Such an unbelievably distinct style that when you find a great premise, like what you just did, it is just incredible. The reference. Is this that funny, funny, funny the whole way through?


SAM. TRIPOLI is the one that took me off the stool as a door guy in the back of the comedy store and gave me my first opening gig in the La Jolla comedy store. That's great. And the first comedian that I ever watched do an hour long set and I was so hooked and addicted. Sam, what do you think about the young buck? Ari? Matti? No wasted lines, bro. Every line is the laugh. It's either a set up or it's either a set to a punch or it's a punch. It's great writing, dude. It's really good song. Oh, thank you. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I've always, I've always been super physical, so it was kind of when I got to the regular ship, it was in the beginning I was kind of scared of it.


You know. But now I look at it as a fun exercise. Yeah. As you get older you're gonna be less physical. 'cause you'll be like, Fuck, I'm tired, dude. Yeah, yeah. So you're writing is great. And it will, it will pick up where the physical drops off. So you're Doing great, dude. That's awesome. How Old are you again? Are you? I'm 32 years young. Oh, My. goodness gracious. How much fun. Yeah, it's amazing. RUSSELL. PETERS, great to see you. You too Ari. I've been seeing you all weekend, buddy. I, yeah. Never got to watch your set at all, so I'm happy to see what I got. See now. Fuck. yeah. Russell. It's crazy. I watched you like when I was 14. YouTube in my bed. Thick in hand. Fair. That's the best compliment ever.


You know. It's funny is Fantasia's ex-husband, I mean it's child pornography. You know It's, it's only illegal in America. Estonia. It's wide only. Exactly. Yeah. Oh, legal age of consent in Estonia. Guess. Guess. 15, 12, 14 baby feet, four You know. That's where Crystal, Leah fucked up. Location, location, location. Oh, My, God, Oh, My, God. Here's a pedophile back in Estonia. My man's a gentleman. Wow. Wow. He Waited two years. What a nice guy.


Holy shit. Also, Chris, if you need an opener in Tulsa, I'm here. My. goodness gracious. Ari. Matti is on fire. What else is going on, Ari? I went to Las Vegas for the first time. Yeah. I stayed in the Golden Nugget, which is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It's one of those hotels where it's just you and the fan and I'm fucking, and I'm very gambled You know, like 'cause in Estonia, okay, we have casinos, but it's all owned by like Albanians and you gotta look for your daughter and it's a whole thing. You know don don't want to fucking, it's not exactly the fun. Vegas.


Oh, don don't wanna lose a spleen. Right. Incredible. It's super great. Yeah. The dealers had big tits, so I lost all the money, but got a smooch later, so. Oh hell yeah. Just och over here. You and the fan, fan of your work. A little smooch over here. I love it. So Aria Estonia honestly sounds kind of fun. Oh, It's so much fun. Visit Estonia. Please support our economy. Fuck our women. Highest percentage of supermodels per capita in the world, by the way. Wow. I believe that. Which is not You know hard. It's not a lot of people, But it's mostly that's why the age of Consent's 14.


Exactly. That's what I'm saying. So what would a crate, what, what would a wild night in Estonia if we went to Estonia? You took like the You know the main like whatever, six person crew of Phil Tony or whatever. What would a night be like? What are we Taking Cam? Yeah, A cam. That's, that's gonna be him. Let's say me you red band cam. Oh shit. We leave can at the fucking, no, no, no, No. Cam can come. Cam can come. Very welcome. Very welcome Cam. Just If we bring Cam, does the age of consent shoot up a little bit?


25, 26. You don't want any broken Estonian vaginas out there? Yeah, that's just You know. It's, it's gonna be An interesting Cam would stand out, you're saying? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Okay. So Like I remember I knew my friend's grandmother went to fuck who's the, who's the guy, the song Beautiful girl Kingston, Sean Kingston. Sean Kingston performed in the woods in Estonia. And my friend took his grandmother out and I was like, what's the grand here? And she looks at me, she goes, I just wanna see one before I die. Wow.


Which This nice incent sort of You know. Wow. It's Not You know. She wasn't hateful about it. She was just You know, wanted to see something new. Wow, look at that. Unbelievable. But Cam, cam would be a superstar. There's a guy who moved from Aruba to Estonia back in the days. And when he moved to Estonia, he represented us at Eurovision You know Eurovision big song contest. And we fucking won the thing with the guy. So he's like a hero now. A black guy moved from Aruba. Yes, from Aruba To Estonia. What do you think made him pick Estonia?


Plenty of pussy available. don don't know. Yeah, you can be a superstar. You know. How Many black guys do you think there are? We have three. Three. We're working on the fourth. Okay. No, we have a couple. We have a couple. So let's say we went there, just the whites. What would a night Hans dystonia be like? Hans, too. That's an interesting one. You know. I haven't seen You think they, Hans would be a Also very You know. He will get some, some interesting comments. You know comments. You don't have many Asians there? No. How many Asians are in Estonia? I knew a guy. He, well, we heard of him.


And then when I went to see the You, know when I went to visit the great Asian guy, he was like mixed. So he didn't have the, the, the full full thing. Eyes. You know. So, so it was kind of like a fraudulent You know we don't, we don't know if Hans has eyes, The Hans have eyes, the Hans have eyes. Tony. We should do KILL, TONY, Estonia, just to see what happens. Oh, it sounds like kill Oh. My God. That's a great idea. KILL TONY. Yeah. KILL. Tony. Yeah. Russell said You could sell some shit out there. Amazing. So that's great. What else does Estonia specialize in?


Before I Let You know, we're like You know it. People we know about it. You know it. It's like computers and shit. And then, oh, we, we invented Skype back in the day. Sold it before it came valuable. So we kind of got fucked on that one. Encino man with Paul sho. Of course. That's a big deal. And then, yeah, any sports You guys do any sports? Oh, we're not You know, we don't soccer. I guess we are all white, so the sports is kinda kind of slow.


Amazing. Yeah, we're not really some skiing, some skiers were there. We had some fine skiing bitches. But nothing too, too great. No, the Olympics were a bit rough one for us. What happened in the Olympics? What do You I could, I could represent Estonia in the Olympics in about six months in any sports. So like, you wanna do it Tony? Did you see that famous clip that was going around from the Estonian guy? The pole vaulter, right? Was it the pole vaulter? I sent it to you. You're like With the big dick, you mean? Or or or the one that failed. Oh, that The guy who got his Dick caught on the thing. No, no, no. It was even worse.


Yeah, there was one that just fell backwards A little. He did. Yeah. No, I, it Looked like a turtle. He couldn't Get up. Dude. Oh. My. God. Just a Bad look. And I feel, I feel for the guy. He's a nice guy. He's a sweetie pie. Amazing. Well, Ari, I gotta tell you, I mean a set like that. Normally we love to have you open. You set such an incredible tone. But on an episode like this, it's incredible to see so many people do so many different types of sets. But you came in and just fucking anchored down and you, and really put on an absolute show, an incredible fucking performance. That's how it's done. Ari Matti, Ladies and gentlemen, and we did it. This was an episode of KILL TONY.


Make some noise for Russell Peters RUSSELL PETERS dot com tour starts now in Chicago. How about one more time for SAM TRIPOLI SAM TRIPOLI dot com. October 15th, the tour begins and the, or the new special comes out on YouTube October 15th. Why is everybody getting quiet? October 15th on Rumble.com There, you go. SAM TRIPOLI Russell Peters. Thank you to SQUARESPACE Game time. HIMSS Talkspace in ZipRecruiter. The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in the drawing from Chris Rogers is in. What do we got? Kam Patterson tonight. How about one more time? For the best damn man in the land. Thank you so much. We love you. Goodnight everybody. Thank you.