
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network, This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD merch dot tv. And now on Spotify and Apple Podcast If, you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website? go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch Merch, go to DEATHSQUAD merch dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Reverend Come to you Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony. That's Great. Last night, guys, hold on a second. Hold on a second. Ladies and gentlemen, last night I gave a speech, don don't know if you've heard about this. It was a speech about free speech, believe it or not.


And I'm currently under attack. I'm the news don. Don't know if You guys know this, but on my speech, on free speech, I referenced Puerto Rico, which currently has a a landfill problem in which all of their landfills are filled to the brim. I guess I'm the only person that knew about this, unfortunately. And with that said, I just wanna say that I've been to Port, I love Puerto Ricans. They're very smart people. They're smart, they're street smart, and they're smart enough to know when they're being used as political fodder.


And right now that is happening. And I apologize to absolutely nobody, not to the Puerto Ricans, not to the whites, not to the blacks, not to the Palestinians, not to the Jews, and not to my own mother who I made fun of during the set. Nobody clipped that. No headlines about me making fun of my own mother. Perhaps that venue at that time wasn't the best fucking place to do this set at.


But in any matter, to the mainstream media and to everybody trying to slander me online, that's what I do. I go hard. And that's never going to change. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives? Fuck yes. Make some noise for Brian Redban. Ladies and gentlemen, Ola Woo. Feels like home in here.


You're at the number one live podcast in the world, brought to you by Squarespace Zip SimpliSafe in Game time.


How about one more time for the best goddamn band in the land groove line Horns, Carlos Sosa, Raul Vallejo. Did I fuck it up already? And Fernando Castile. Michael Gonzalez. I swear to God, this has been my band the whole time. People Matt mulling everybody. The token of the band, if you will, Jon Deas, Ladies and gentlemen, and D Madness. Everybody You know my band for years.


Typical racist band, typical hater of the browns and blacks. Life is good. Business is a booming. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing sponsors that made it all possible.


The, Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin. Texas is now open. Check out Red Band secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Two timelines, one impossible Mystery. Life is strange. Double exposure follows Max's call Field as she shifts between two timelines to solve a supernatural murder mystery. After finding her friend Safi dead in the snow. In this parallel timeline, Safi is still alive and still in danger. With her new power can Max solve and prevent the same murder. Buy life estranged double exposure. Available now on Xbox Series X and S PlayStation five and PC rated M for mature.


This episode is brought to you by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You. know to check the date of the big game first before you accidentally buy tickets on your 20th wedding anniversary and have to spend the next 20 years of your marriage making up for it. Yeah, checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate savings. Vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move@opendoor.com or download the Open Door app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Opendoor brokerage, LLC in its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Who's ready to start the goddamn show? Huh, Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to start this evening with one guest and one guest only. This is his second time ever as a guest on the show. And he is batting a thousand percent. He is one of the most requested guests for return. He is unbelievably hysterical. Ladies and gentlemen, make some goddamn noise for the long awaited return of James McCann. It's JAMES MCCANN, Ladies and gentlemen, Famous From an unbelievable episode with his right hand man, Shane Gillis, JAMES MCCANN is back.


What a privilege to be here of all nights. Listen, I know where I'm at in the pecking order of American comedy. I can't imagine how many people must have turned this down for me to get this tonight. I'm glad those fucking cos aren't here. I'm proud to be here on this show. God damnit, We're so happy to have you. Indeed. There were a couple. We will not name anybody. There were a couple Hollywood gentlemen that like working in Hollywood, specifically in Hollywood of Los Angeles, California, who dropped out today. So let, how about one more hand for the Fearless.


Hey, it's my game. I'm happy About it. For the fearless, Genuinely JAMES MCCANN as an Australian, the closest thing to a Puerto Rican, you could get at short notice, I'm assuming. Absolutely. I'm from an island full of criminals and we're coming here taking your jobs, and I'm happy, happy to be a part of it. I hit up every Puerto Rican. I know nobody wanted a a, a piece of this action tonight. I tried to make anyone, I was finding Puerto Ricans on the street saying, do you, do you wanna be a regular on a really big show? Can you write a minute every week? Anything goes. It doesn't have to be good. We'll make you better. Just come on. And no one wants to play.


But James You know how this works. Believe it or not, Ladies and gentlemen, don don't know what the what the conspiracy is here. But we have set a record tonight for signups. 283 human beings are at a bar across the street hoping that a producer runs over there with a megaphone and yells their name. These names are in the bucket. It's Almost as though the mainstream media Is bullshit. And they dunno what they're fucking talking about. It would almost, it would definitely appear that way. Comedians are excited to take a shot here at this show tonight. This is very, very exciting.


And so it begins You know how it works. If I pull your name out of a bucket, you get 60 seconds uninterrupted You know your time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. It means you have to wrap it up. Then else you bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear. And then I interview you. You wrap up the set. I interview you. We find out more about the person. Anything can happen, the whole thing's improvised chaos should be a lot of fun. You guys. Ready to You. guys ready to start Tonight's fucking show, huh? Yeah, it's not. Forget it. It's canceled. You. guys ready to start Tonight's fucking show. Ladies and gentlemen, performing first tonight with a brand new 60 seconds.


One of the greatest regulars in the entire show's history. A man so fearless, so strong, so powerful that we must, we must make him an American citizen. To start tonight's show, I present to you a brand new minute from the Estonian assassin. This Is our magic. Hey America, whoever you vote for is your business.


But the sign outside of your house on the lawn is fucking insane. That's where your wife and kids live. Even if you vote for Kamala, don't put a sign out there for the maniacs to see that in this house. There's an unarmed pussy waiting. I'm gonna rob you out of principle. I'm just gonna walk in. Gimme all your shit.


Some Sam Smith looking fuck is in the kitchen wearing a mask in his own house. Oh, Honey, come down. He's here to rob us. Some green haired bitch comes down. Don't assume they are here to rob us. That's why the sign outside my lawn has Trump 2024 with two swastikas in this house.


We grab pussy, we shoot people. Come on in. Thank you very much Ladies and gentlemen. This Is KILL TONY. And that is ARI MATTI. The Estonian pride of the KILL TONY universe has done it again. Absolute chaos. Ari, where do you, how do you, what is your fucking process? Where does this stuff come from? Don don't know. I really wanted to have something. I really wanted to have something political, but don don't know shit about shit.


Me neither. I guess. Yeah, I guess that's a theme. So yeah, I was walking, I saw the signs on the lawn. It's fucking insane. And then I tried to write a bit that You know makes fun of both sides. Everybody has a bit of fun. You know on one side there's unarmed pussies on the other. Nazi rapists. Everybody has to have fun. Absolutely incredible. Ari, What Else? I'm gonna vote for whoever lets me to stay You. know what I'm saying? Okay. I know who that is. Kamala wins. I'm transitioning You. know what? Iza.


It's her time. And if my boy Trump wins You know I'm gonna, ah, daddy said It's okay. Get your pussies out. Anything could happen. If Trump wins, I'll be at the White House correspondence dinner, roasting the shit out of him. If Kamala wins, I will be revealing that I was a plant at the rally. Taking him down from the Inside. That's right. An inside job. No doubt, no doubt.


What else is going on? ARI? MATTI. Anything else crazy in life? I went to, oh, I came. I went to Estonia for a bit to visit my kingdom and listen, KILL TONY fans, you're all great. But when I am at immigration, please don't yell. Estonian assassin. Okay, don't say KILL TONY while they're asking me for the purpose of travel. Ari, you are too much fucking fun.


And I see between us an empty seat. How many of you think ARI MATTI should, should join panel for the rest of the Episode? Huh? Shit. Join the fucking, I'm getting credits. That's right. Fucking welcome brother Man. And it has Begun Ladies and gentlemen. They've got the fucking nerve to say, this man hates immigrants. We are taking over this country. Absolutely. Absolutely. Couple Of the good ones. Yeah, no, honestly. Yeah.


So we're gonna have fun tonight. ARI MATTI, welcome back to the panel. Thank You all. My Friend here he is going for the triple double tonight. An unbelievable performance to start the show. And now joining the panel. And with that, I have made our first bucket pull of the evening. We're gonna meet 'em all together. Anything could happen here. Could be one of the bright future stars. Could be made irregular right here on the spot. Could totally fail. Anything can happen. This is 60 seconds uninterrupted. I do believe the KILL TONY debut of Matt. Matt, the W Hello.


H-E-E-L-O-L-O-O. That's how me and my girlfriend speak. So I told her the other day, I was like, Hey Bay, come get me a kiss. K-K-I-I-S-S Sizzle. She says, you're a fool. FOO ooh l. Ugh. I said, I know what you did my little bro. B-B-R-O-O. She said, you better run RU.


Ugh. And mm, I said from you, I'd run all the way to Mississippi. M mm Thank You guys. Thank You guys. Matt, the W coming out with a laugh there at the very end. I think that was bad. BBA Ah D. Sometimes people have a bad first three minutes and then save it at the end. That's what I find. Hey Tony, you gotta maybe, would you like it better if I said tt?


RUM mm PP? Okay. That weird. My, that was weird. Yeah, That was. I like it. It's a fresh new style. Comedy's become old and stale. We're gonna slow it down. This man's Andy Kaufman people. Matt the W Welcome to the show. Thank. How long have you been doing standup comedy Altogether? About seven years. Okay. Seven Years. But that was just two sets. They went for a really long time and Wow.


Seven years. Where at? Mostly in New York. New York City? Yep. Long Island. But I did a lot of time in the city. Wow. When you say you did a lot of time in the city, is that okay? Lot. A lot of, a lot of standup comedy. The minutes add up. Okay. Alright. How's it going for you? You know, I can't complain. You know. Starting from the bottom in a new place. Just getting to know everybody Ev everyone in Mothership's. Cool. Everyone. I love Sunset Strip. So you moved to Austin is what you're saying? I moved to Austin, yes. I've been here about a year and a half. Okay. Year and a half. What do you do for a living? What women's prison do you work at? Well, It's actually funny you say that. It is a woman's prison.


It's it, it's, it's called McDonald's. Holy shit. Were you involved in an e coli outbreak recently? I've gotta know because there's yo McDonald's. Get your Boy. I was angry to learn we couldn't order the Quarter Pounder at the moment. Is anyone else furious about that? Is That a thing? Yeah. Yeah. There was Nick Coli outbreak and they said No more Quarter pounders. But today, as you well know, my friend, the Quarter Pounders back, it was the onions, the whole thing. Q quo, you No, no, no. Don't do it.


So what do you do at this McDonald's? I'm a shift leader. A shift leader? Yeah. So I, what is, yeah, I'm sorry. I was just, I just lightly manage. Okay. Tell us what a light manager does at a McDonald's. Make sure the checklist gets all done. Everyone's up doing their job well and McDonald's stuff. You know. Do you fire people? Sometimes The boss has given me the power, but I do not use it because don don't think I should. don don't. I'm not gonna determine someone's fair. You know what someone, people make a living, they rely on it, their families and I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna end that.


Incredible. Absolutely incredible. How long have you worked at McDonald's? I started in New York during the pandemic, we were actually considered essential workers. So I worked the whole pandemic. It's not, it's not funny. You all go are gonna McDonald's after this, so I'll probably see you. But, so then when I knew I was gonna move here, I called the local McDonald's and I said, Hey, You guys hiring. They said, actually our shift leader's leaving. I was like, perfect. And they said, are you shift leader? I said, yes. So then I just got a, got a gig. You know. Wow. Amazing. Yeah. So what were you doing before the pandemic?


I would bounce job to job. I actually, I, I was big into comedy so I would literally, I was living with my parents, so I had that security. I would literally just quit jobs and just spend my money going the LIR and just going to the, what I don don't know if I said that. I call it the train. I never call it the LIRR, the Long Island Railroad. And I would just spend my whole paycheck on tickets and just mic to mic and do my thing. Wow. Okay. Is that minute that you did like a newer minute? I've been doing that for a few months. I actually go, I actually do a whole second part to it. Oh, My, God. No, Seven years in the industry.


Matt, the w I'm interested to hear what you think your best joke ever is. Instead of doing a newer joke where you spell it out and you only have a minute and it's longer than that and da da da da. I'm interested. It could be very, very short perhaps, or just the root of it. What's your best joke in seven years? What's your go-to heavy hitter? If you had a, it's audition for the Tonight Show and you took the LAR to the four rail or whatever the fuck, like what, what would exactly, what exactly would you do? I don't really do jokes per se. I do more bits. You Do bits? Okay. Can you do one of the bits If you want me to It, it's a little long. It's not too long. Is there, is there anything, is there anything kind of like, Well, I, I do mostly improv.


Improv and riffing. I like the joke you just heard. I riffed that on stage once and I edited it. Scene McDonald's. Incredible. Incredible. What would be something about your entire life that we would, that we would be surprised by? What's some the most interesting fact about your life? Well, I do this, this really takes up all my time. I also make music. What kind of music do you make? Rap. You make rap music? Yeah. Watch out. He's gonna make you rap. Now. I've seen this before. Well, geez, way to really step on the big surprise here, James. I Just, I don't know that we have 45 minutes to listen to one rap song.


Hi. Wow. This is incredible. Do you rap yourself? Yeah. You know what, it's all I love to do. I love comedy and music and don don't, don don't do much. Other than that, besides my day job, You know. Okay. All right. I like your style. Were you vaccinated? You must have been an essential worker in New York City. Right? I don't Think that has anything to do with what we're doing. I know a man who's trying not to answer that question when I see it. Respect, Yeah. I mean get back.


Don't get backs I on you do your thing. Absolutely. Absolutely. Get facts. Be a shift leader. So You said that, you Said that. Yeah, I said it. I wanna hear you rap a little bit Michael. If you could just give him a light beat. Nothing too loud and crazy. 'cause I wanna hear him. I can already tell he is not gonna be that loud. He is not gonna reject nice and soft guys. Nice and easy. Even even slightly breier than that. There. you go Yo May eat in his image. So get a good look. I'm an open book, but closed minded at times I find myself missed, misunderstood, and it guess we shook. It's just how I feel inside.


And these kids getting kids meals, food for thought You. know what Hungry Mind did. Adult is the result. Both the truth passed through the youth desert. It reigns. God has shed those tears. If you want to know the pain, if there's bad blood, then someone's gotta to bleed. Gotta air it out so everyone can breathe. But violence ain't the answer. It's the error means someone messed up. No, you need to bless up what connects us. Nothing. 'cause we divided by block, by city, by country, God reunite and give peace a chance like John Lennon. 'cause even this earth need a happy ending word. Wow. Wow. Alright. Yeah. Wow. Is is the chicken.


Big Mac. Wanna stay on the menu? Red band wants to know if the chicken, big Mac is gonna stay on the menu after your performance. That's all we are curious about. I, I'll, I'll be honest, that's all I was thinking about as well. And wow. It it's gonna be a McRib situation. Definitely. It's gonna come and go. That sucks, man. Right. What's your living situation? I live with three other roommates too, from comics. Another one's engineers sound engineer. Oh, Okay. Three of us from New York, other one's from Cali.


Okay. All right. You have your own bedroom. Own bed. Own bath. Wow. It's crazy Texas. It's a life of luxury. Yeah. Matt, the w Probably. No, you couldn't, couldn't do that in New York. Couldn't live like that comfortably. Absolutely. Here you are, you're a little spread out. Welcome to Texas, Matt, the W And congratulations on getting pulled out of the bucket. There's a little joke, but thank you Matt. The w Ladies and gentlemen. Matt, how'd you come up with the name Matt? The W. It's so, it's the take Matthew and split it into threes. Oh. My God. Matt, the w Oh.


My God. He is so autistic. It's Unbelievable. It's McDonald's. It's unbelievable little autistic comedy for you. From Matt the W. It took me 10 minutes to realize how autistic he was. It's incredible.


Hey y'all. This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN. Going online without express VPN is like walking your dog in public without a leash. Why would you do that? Most of the time you'll probably be fine. But what if one day your dog wanders a bit too far and gets dog napped by a bad person Every time you connect to an unencrypted network in cafes, hotels, airports, et cetera, your online data is not secure. Any hacker on the same network and gain access to and steal your personal data, passwords, bank logins, credit card details, et cetera. It doesn't take much technical knowledge to hack someone. Just need some cheap hardware. And a smart 12-year-old could do it. Your data is valuable. Hackers can make up to $1,000 per person selling personal info on the dark web. ExpressVPN stops hackers from stealing your data by creating a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. Red band did You know It would take a hacker with a supercomputer over a billion years to get past express VPN's encryption? It's so easy to use. Just fire up the app. Click one button to get protected. I personally use ExpressVPN when we're on the road so I can keep my data safe while we're traveling. And right now you can take advantage of Express VPN's Black Friday slash Cyber Monday offer. To get the best VP N deal you'll find all year. Use our special link ExpressVPN dot com slash KILL TONY to get four extra months with the 12 month plan, or six extra months with 24 month plan. totally FREE. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash KILL TONY to get an extra four or even six months of ExpressVPN for free


With Uber Reserve. Good things come to those who plan ahead. Family vacate, reserve your ride as soon as you book your flights to all the planners. Now you can reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See Uber app for details.


Ladies and gentlemen, your next comedian out of the bucket. These people have been waiting all day for this. Let's see what happens with the stylings of Chad Mitchell Rogers. What's up dude? My girlfriend and I loved to travel together and when we started traveling we would film everything and post it on social media and we thought we were gonna go viral and get famous, but that didn't really happen. And I'm starting to get impatient because I've always wanted to be famous. So I'm planning our next trip right now and we're gonna go on a backpacking trip.


But this time, instead of vlogging it, I think I'm just gonna murder her. If I murder my girlfriend in the woods, I'm gonna get a Netflix special for sure. Dude, move over Gabby Petito. There's a new dead white bitch in town. Can You guys, imagine my mugshot fucking Chad. I love it dude. I'm happy I'm with her though because I don't like dating apps. I've never been a fan of 'em and I'm like, You know. How do people meet before dating apps? You know I, it's like, like how did they meet in Cave Man Times? Was it just one dude who knew how to invent fire getting all the cave pussy?


I mean he was the first guy in the history of mankind to get laid by using Tinder. Thank you. Alright Chad Mitchell Rogers, Welcome to the show. Chad, how you feeling? Great. You've been on before, right? Yeah, I remember that face. How's it been going? Was it once before Twice. Twice? Yeah. Last episode was with your mom actually. Oh yeah. Absolutely. That sounds a lot dirtier than it actually was. My mom, my mom has been on the panel of the show before. 77 years old out there. Absolutely killing it. What did she say to you? Did she say anything to you in your appearance?


I mentioned that I only have one testicle and she asked me to prove it. She is so funny. Was it like cancer or stuff? No, no cancer. Just God hates me. What happened? I was just born with only one don don't know. That's, that's all the news I got on The But can you still like ah Oh yeah. Is there like less cu, is there a little bit of You know? Is There less cum? It's kinda Like a shoe. Is there less cum and like a low flag comes? Is there less cum? Is there less cum that's, Is there less cum? Is there Less they wanna know? If there's less come, I'll be Listen. Is there less cum? Is there less? Lemme blow you real quick in the Back. Like check bags. What do you gotta carry on?


It seems like a, a normal, normal amount of cu but how Do You know what's normal? Yeah, that's a great question. Mouthful. Or like one mouthful guys. Listen some, some very important men in history have had one testicle men that we're trying not to talk about tonight. For obvious. Wait, who? Oh, Adolf Hitler had one test. Yeah, really? Hitler had only one good ball. Do you not know that song Hitler? Is that a big Australian song? They Teach us that song at primary school. Is that that I Don? It's the Australian national anthem Ladies and gentlemen.


Why were we fighting him if it wasn't over his weird testicle? I don't, that's what they teach us. Maybe it's different here. Wow, that is incredible. I had no idea about this. This sounds like propaganda. Is There like a second prosthetic ball in it to make it aesthetically look good? I've thought Because I've heard they do that. They do do that. I, I have. I'm, I'm poor. I can't afford Prosthetic. It's just one ball and a lot of sack. Prove It that, that's a good question. That's a great question. Did you end up with a normalized sack and it kind of just looks like, it kind of looks like the, like an empty grocery bag or something like that. A Vagina. Is there something? Yeah, it's my he balls.


Oh, I mean Do you The S sec does feel small. I've seen larger balls sex in my day. I bet you that. Oh okay. So when you get it out, do you like tell girls, just so You know. Dude, this is so funny. I, so I've never told a girl about it before. We have sex like first time ever. I just, I let them just find out on their own. Jesus Christ. Yeah, just, just before you're blowing him. Just this one. Fucking wow. Do you grow the bush out more so to like hide it or I like to keep it fucking shaved Dude.


I don. Nice elephant trunk ball to the wall. Incredible. Wow. Absolutely incredible. Is This the exact same conversation you had last time when you were on the show about the ball? Were you coming out here hoping the ball wouldn't come up again? The ball has to come up. I'm sure there's more to you than a ball. There's a man behind that ball. Thank you James. Thank You. Is there Yes. Half a man. Who are you? I'm fucking Chad dude. Beyond a name more than a sound. Who are you? Oh, I just feel like I need to yell now. I just, wow. Kind of fired up. Beautiful poetic performance from ball out Boy over here.


This is incredible. Where are you my other testicle. Wrong band. There. you go wrong Band. Wrong band. You at that He was Know That improv riffing guy that we pulled out of the bucket tonight. It's Blink 180 2. Right? It Was the ball sack of friendship. I miss my ball. Wow. One ball in My skin. This Wound. I know that's a very different band, but we're all doing the voice With ball wide open. There we go. Under my boss.


There is so much skin but only one fucking ball. Alright. That went way too long. Oh, I should have shaved it down a little bit. But absolutely incredible. So when you were born, the doctor told your parents, look everything's good except one little thing. Yep. Did they have any idea how, how rare is that? Do You know how common that is? I would've Googled it when I was two and a half. I would've literally figured out how to Google and been like, what the fuck. I've actually never fucking looked it up. How Did you like find out? Because did you like figure it out?


How did I find out? Yeah. Seeing like other balls and you were like, what's that? You have One? Yeah. Two. Two. Huh. How did you find out of watching Redband Google? The odds of having one ball? Is that when you type T into Google right now? I'm the first thing that pops up. Just a little fun fact. Ah. Anyway, what is it? It's not normal to be born with one testicle, but it's possible to live a healthy life with one testicle. The medical term for having one testicle is Do You know the what? Having one testicle is crypto childism.


Did You know that you're a crypto crypto guy? I knew I shouldn't have listened to Matt Damon. Fuck dude. Wow. That's a callback. All right. Okay. Ball my life, my baby baby. Pray for someone like you. Anyway. Got ball songs in my head. So what do you do for work? I'm a bartender. Ah, bartender. Okay. Highball. Screwball. Okie dokie. You're bartending here on sixth street. Fourth.


Okay. Fourth. Whoa, fancy. Is it a gay bar? No, that's a sushi restaurant. Oh, okay. Alright. Okay. Bald. You can eat sushi or a lot of arians going. Okay. This is, I can't believe how happy I am right now. I love it. Absolutely incredible. So what's your love life like? You having a ball? Yeah. I've got a beautiful girlfriend.


She's awesome. Her name is Jennifer. She's the best. What does she have? Like one tit or something like that? Where'd you meet her at? We met in Los Angeles. We were in the same acting studio. Okay. This does indeed sound like you're going to end up murdering her in the woods one day. Yo, I did forget that you threatened to murder your girlfriend in the woods. Really? You darted into the testicle de gear to kind of cover up for the girlfriend murdering material And before you started a joke as soon as you walked out, I literally had that thought.


I look, I was like, this guy looks like he kills his girlfriend. Wow. What Do you get? Tries to suffocate her by step in his testicles down her throat. But it doesn't, it doesn't quite do it 'cause he's only got one ball. Yeah. She's Like, I'm sorry. That's terrible Girl. Wow. Absolutely incredible. You guys ever do fun things together. You guys vacation or anything? How long you been with her? It'll be four years in January. Wow. Yeah. What have You guys done? Oh man. We've been, we went to Hawaii twice. We've gone to Thailand. Wow. What'd you see in Hawaii? Some beautiful water balls.


Okay. I'm really chasing a dragon here that doesn't exist. You Should go to Bing. I love it. Were you jealous Of all the girls in Thailand for having more balls than you? That's the new sound for when you have a good one. It's called victory. That's what that sound effects called. Oh man, I love it.


This is gonna go on the internet. It's Yeah, that's what this is. You're in it buddy. I just can't stop staring at your like the hole. No. Trying outs the ball. That's an re thing. He loves men and their genitals. You Grab my thigh every time we're alone in a green room together. Yeah, I do You have a joke book already? Yes. What size? Big and small. Wow. There you go just like your, alright, Ladies and gentlemen. There he goes. Chad Mitchell, Rogers Ladies and gentlemen. It's all happening.


Yep. Your next comedian is a very special treat You. know her. You love her. An absolute legend of the game. This is the great and powerful Fiona Cauley. Ladies and gentlemen. Here she comes. Ah. So I used to date this guy and I went over to his house and caught him cheating on me.


And I think the most frustrating part about that was just how lazy it was. You know like go upstairs. Yeah. He wasn't really a thinker. You know he, he was the kind of guy that would like argue with me about having to wear a condom. I did. I figured out a foolproof way to end that argument.


I told him that my disability was contagious but You know. The motherfucker was like how contagious. The great Fiona Cauley has done it again. Ladies and gentlemen. All the way from beautiful Nashville, Tennessee. Hello Fiona, welcome back. Hello. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. Absolutely. Great. Fantastic. How's life been going? Really phenomenal. I actually, I had chosen in Fort Worth a couple days ago and when I got to the hotel my wheelchair broke, which is a fucking nightmare.


And I was stranded in alone and a random man recognized me from Gil. Oh thank God. Yeah. I thought that story was gonna go a whole nother direction. Still go back like the easiest raping of all time was about to take place there. Rape to go. Yeah. Hell yeah. Did he have one testicle by anything sister? So a guy found you and Yeah. He helped you out? He did help me. Everyone talks about like the KILL TONY bump but they don't talk about the KILL. TONY pge. I love that.


I love that. What did he do? Did he jump your battery or something like that? What exactly did he plug you into a wall. What exactly, what exactly had to happen there for that to work? What was wrong with your chair? I have no fucking idea. These chairs keep breaking every six months. I like asked them the company what the fuck was going on and they said I was using it too much. Oh wow. That's pretty cruel of the company to be making cheers that are disabled. I think they should.


Just making sure I feel connected to it. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Absolutely incredible. So he gave you a push and you were all good after that? Yeah, the chairs started working again. Ah yeah. I think it was also scared of that man. Yeah. Yeah. It do have been. I love it. So Fiona, that's incredible. What else is going on in life? How's Nashville? Everything good out there? Yeah, it's really good. I'm selling out every show I have, which is really fucking cool.


Beautiful. Beautiful. You're on a roll. Absolutely incredible. There you go, I, I met you in Nashville before you did KILL TONY for the first time. Oh My God. I was black girl. You were very drunk. You were really drunk. But it is a testament to how beautiful you are that everyone talked about how much they wanted to have sex with you and then the cheer, it was really, she's very hot is all people kept saying, I thought you should know that I don know where your self-esteem is at. That Means a lot. You're a beautiful lady. Absolutely.


You're also very drunk and you kept grabbing me but it felt bad to press charges against You know Fiona gets fucked up. I know. Okay. You would do, I know you're, I know you're in a relationship, right? But do you ever do, have you ever done that before? Have you ever just hooked up with a guy and had a one night sit? Yeah, I used to be a whore. Oh nice. Yeah, Absolutely. You can't tell Since your last appearance when you brought that up.


We couldn't find any of the videos on Reddit. Are you dude? Dude. That has become the, okay. It's whatcha talking about Reddi? You're the only one that fucking Googles girls videos after their appearance. Don't say We Don't say we couldn't find any of your videos. You fucking creep azo. Just see all together in a dark room. I love that. Yeah. Yeah. Come on red band. Dig it up. Red band. Come on Red band. You're supposed to be the tech guy. Come on. Search it. Search it. Right Ba. I love it. So how's your boyfriend doing? Really good. Yeah. Yeah. We're happy.


Okay. Very good. And any word on your condition? I think you were trying some new stuff last time you wanted Yeah, The the trial I'm waiting on, it got paused 'cause someone had a like bad reaction to it. Fucking pussy. Yeah. What's a bad reaction at this point? They were Right. Yeah. What Chair? Deactivated Chair. Shut down. Shut down chair. What was the, what happened?


Oh they won't tell me but we're waiting. They said maybe mid-November but I don't believe anything they tell me it so. Right. Yeah, That makes sense. We're just dying. JAMES. MCCANN. Look, there's at least a 50% chance this country's still gonna be here by mid-November. So I'm praying for you and I hope it gets done. Absolutely. When you board a flight, right? Yeah. Do you look at the people who are on a mobility scooter? 'cause they couldn't stop eating McDonald's like you fat type of shit.


Yeah. Is there an order? Because I've seen You guys square off. They have the upper leg in that situation. No dude, I was actually on a flight recently and I bored first 'cause I am special and these obese people were very fucking mad that I was first. Wow. And it was like a weird dynamic. But they were second. Yeah. And there's like the handicap bros on the front. So I'm on this side and they're taking up that row on this side.


Jesus. And then like I let this guy sit in the window seat. The Obese Guy? No, like a normal guy. Oh nice. Nice. And at the end of boarding the flight, an incredibly sick man like with cancer, he was dying. He comes on the plane and they try to ask the fat bull if they would move from the handicapped tape in The red band. What did you say? Oh, I'm kidding. When Then what happened? And they said no what? Of course. What? And then they asked me to move What?


Get the fuck. Could they really, do they have like an order to these things? Yeah. They're like, Who's dying the fastest here? Yeah. This Is quickly turning into a sad European film. This is. Did they make you move for the kids? No, I refused to move. That's Right. But I cared about this like sick man. So I scooted it over and now I'm in the middle seat. All of a sudden this guy is so sick he's throwing up the whole Flight. What? Where is he gonna go? He has cancer. He had cancer. We're Telling me sitting in the disabled section of the plane isn't all fun and games. 'cause I have been wanting to get down there.


It depends. Depends on your perspective. And About 10 boxes of Little Debbie's Away from getting vacation. So I'm You'll get there before me. Yeah. Do guys in wheelchairs give you like a little Yeah. Yeah. I don't fuck with disabled people that, And you are like, yes. One of us has to go to the door. Like yeah, This relationship ain't ramping up at all. Incredible.


Anything else we should know? Fiona, before we let you go? Oh, one goofy thing. Okay. Fort Worth that was zooming around outside and some guy comes up to me and he goes, Oh My God. I love your costume. I Was like, what? He looked me, it was nighttime. And he looked me in my face and he was like, holy shit, you're Fiona Colley. And I was like, yeah. And he thought I was in a Fiona Colley Halloween costume.


I think I have my outfit. Like an expensive costume. Yeah. That is absolutely incredible. I saw a lady in a Fiona from Shrek costume out on sixth Street and she was slightly fat, but not ogre fat. But I assume she had to have an argument with her friends about whether she was fat enough to be human. Fiona Or big trick Fiona. She was in that sweet spot. It was a wrap in the pocket. Yeah. When I was younger I actually liked the big, big Fiona more in the movie. Reminded you of those beautiful Estonian women that you grew up with. Strong shoulders that Fiona had.


The other one was a bitch. Fiona, we absolutely love you. It's so awesome. Anytime you show up to Austin, Texas, you're on this show. How loud can this place get for the great Fiona Cauley? Ladies and gentlemen. Alright, we're back to the bucket again. Ladies and gentlemen make some noise for your next bucket poll. He goes by the name of Danny Martinello. Everybody. Here we go. Danny Martinello. I recently took a first aid course and I think I'm ready for my hero moment now where like if I go out and about and I see someone choking and they're like, and then they drop, I go to 'em and say, Hey, my name's Danny.


I know CPR, can I help you? But they don't gimme consent. But no consent in the CP world is consent. So I jump into action. Some girl's like, yo, you, that's not it. And I say, keep your trauma to yourself. I'm trying to save a life here. And then I jump in and I go, you call 9 1 1, you grab an a ED, are you coming back? Do you understand me? Right. And I just have to hope they know English guy Squirms away. Pablo know English a D. Right? And then I just start jumping seed and compressions. Right. Just ah, ah, ah, ah. Staying alive. Staying alive. Right. And then I, I don't even care. I'll grow a mustache. I don't need a mouth barrier. Right. And then all of a sudden a guy comes out and goes, yo dude, his mouth's over there.


And I'm like, you shut the fuck up. Stay with me. Stay with me. Right. Paramedics show up and I'm like, oh thank God you're here dude. Fuck. Holy shit. Holy shit. Yeah. No, I think it's a cerebral fluid. Something's coming out of his mouth man. For sure. Yeah. No, it's milky. Yeah. That's fucking spine. That's spine. That's it. Dude. Hilarious. Danny Martinello. God damnit. Look at that. Guns a blazing. Yeah. Welcome Danny. Thank you. Hilarious. How long you been doing standup? Like 15 years. I love it. It fucking shows. That seems like a 15 year set. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, dude.


I was stressing out that silence for the first 15. Dude, I looked at you and you're like, it's not going good. Right? But I just stayed in the pocket. You know. I'm like fuck it bomb. Oh threw a bomb. And then luckily some defender tipped it and my buddy caught it. So I'm like sick. Fuck Yes. Look at this little bundle of energy and testosterone. We got it. Yeah. Martinello has arrived. Yeah. It's fun. I like Austin. People have been thinking I'm on drugs though this whole time I've been here. You're not. No dude. Unless you call Christ a drug. Am I right brother? Am I right? You know what I'm saying bro?


Keep those children in the bellies. Sometimes it hits, sometimes it doesn't. You really high on Christ. I don't know man. It feels like I'm playing with the devil right now after that joke. You are. No, it's fun man. don don't know. I like, I get it. don don't really like blinking shit, but like whatever. I like you because you are dial easy interview Danny. I like this. I feel like I could just go, what else? Well, let me tell you about yesterday my friend, I actually used to do gigs in Canada with Danny.


He used to be such a killer. Imagine this energy following that. Yeah. But I was, I was like super shit. So all my buddies would say I was like cyclops without the glasses. Just fucking, but now I can shoot dinner plates P. Right. Wow. If they ever make Another one of those police academy movies, I think you are. You are gonna be ready. Yeah. Thanks. I don't know what you just said but yeah. Oh yeah. It felt right though. Eh? No one holds up half fucking fucking where they fucking movies.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah man. Yeah. Fucking Canadas a perk. There's nothing wrong with Canada. Oh no. We all wanna move to Canada. No Bro. We're Commonwealth Brown. We're commonwealth You. know what? Gotta say the king bro. Hey, that's what I'm saying. I'm here too. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sun Fucking wacky white guys up here. Yeah. That's what's going on. A Canadian, an Australian and an Estonian walk into a comedy club. This is, No one in this business has done more for immigrants and the disabled than Tony. Hinchcliffe. Yeah. I feel that is being missed from all of these stories.


Woo. Can you please tweet that? Oh, My goodness. Hell yeah. So tell us more about, you're from Canada, Toronto? No, I'm from Edmonton, Alberta. Okay, thanks. What's up dude? That's why I feel like home. I've been living in like New York for the last eight months and it's just fucking brutal dude. Yeah, yeah. Well it's just like nice to like be in a place where you smile at someone and then don't go What the fuck You want? You know, like, Dude, it's fucked up man. When I first moved to New York, I literally was smiling. He's like, I'm a happy go lucky guy if you can't tell. Right? Like, no, I am, dude. I got two. I I You alright? My name's Danny. I know CPR. Can I help you?


No, but but I've been in New York, dude. And like I'm a happy go lucky guy. Right. I live my life where I got two feet in a heartbeat and if the sun's shining on me, my smile's shining on you. You know, like that's, that's, that's, that's, that's just how I live my life. And I was smiling 'cause it was a beautiful day. don don't know what fucking Fahrenheit it was. Right. But like You know what I mean? So I'm with the rest of the world for fuck six. And then, and it was nice probably like let's say like 82 Fahrenheit and right. And, and I'm literally smiling and I heard this guy go and you'll Smiley. That's what he said. And immediately I was like, friend You know, like I looked at him. I did, I know he is a stranger, but a stranger's just a friend you haven't met yet.


Right? So, and then, and then he, and then he literally goes hide your fucking teeth. No one needs to see that shit, dude. No one's ever told me to hide my teeth unless it was like my mom and it like fell out and she's like, you're getting a five buck for it. You know. Like, but I I I was pissed though dude. 'cause like I wanted to be like, fuck you You know Right? Like show your teeth. I got all mine. What are you working with Bud? Right. But like, but then I'm like, I'm raw dog and no insurance in America. So I just took it well, just took it You. know what I mean? Yeah. Just took it. This is what this show is all about.


JAMES MCCANN. That was A better minute than sucking off the unconscious guys. That was great. Fuck you James. I'm fucking nervous. Alright. No, I was joking with those guys back there. I'm like, this is the closest thing I'll get to like the gladiator like arena. This Is it. It is man. You're back there you hear And like people are like, oh, I'm dying tonight. You know. Yeah, But There's people just being pulled out in wheelchairs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, are you not entertained? She was walking when she went out there. She went out. Yeah, She was totally fine before. Be careful. Oh Fuck. I thought her and her manager were gonna run me over like a fucking crack head on six. Dude. It was crazy.


He's like, get the fuck all the way. I'm like, no, I'm sorry. Absolutely Incredible. So you do standup comedy for a living? Yeah. And what else about you? My father wanted me to join Construction You know I'm an Italian Background, So No, what is the question? Sorry bro. Yeah, you're good. You're Good. Thanks man. I appreciate it. Don't stop, keep going. No. Yeah. I've been in New York for like eight months and then it's fucking brutal. Like just signing up, standing in lineups with backpacks, wanting to do shit. You know. So You still live in New York? Yeah, I'm there eight months. But then I came back here and I don't know man, like the one thing that made me come here was I saw Madison Square Garden and then Ron White's speech at the end or of a set.


And I was like, don don't know. I think what's going on right now is super special. Well look, can I tell you something? You are in the storm right now. That's what I, you're that's a perfect example of what this show is built for Someone that can just take the ball and fucking run with it. It cracks me up. You know. I see sometimes I see some comedians that we've known for a long time. You know some of these people that maybe don't align in a lot of ways with us. And every once in a while You know when someone's down or You know going through something, they get a little chimey on that internet. And it's so funny to see them talk shit about this show.


But meanwhile, someone like you with 15 years of experience can come on here. Your life will never be the same after this. Are you aware of that Dan? I'm hoping it's not dude. No, I'm, I'm serious. I'm hoping it's not man. It's like, it's like a grind as a Canadian comic and then getting here and then like, don't get me wrong, like I still think New York, like as a kid growing up in Canada wanting to do standup, like that's where Yeah. You know the hardest iron gets cut. But I'm trying to, I'm trying to fucking ride wave and slap a Dude. But it's so clear that all that pent up energy in New York is just coming out now. I love to You know. I love to see that. You see a lot of people in New York and they're like, Fuck. yeah. I'm like, just Come and go You know, like take the rope away.


But fucking don don't know man. I'm just, I just, I just think what's going on here is fucking deadly and seeing what you're doing and I just wanna be part of it. So that's why I'm here. You are. You're officially part of it. Danny Martinello, are you Gonna be in town Thursday? I gotta go back to New York and chop some podcasts and shit, but I'll come back on the weekend. I don't give a fuck fucked up place. Lemme know next Time man. I would love to have you back on the secret Show. Thanks. Oh yes. Whoa. What are the odds of this? Look at this Ladies and gentlemen. It has come full circle.


Make some fucking noise for the great Ron White. Did you hear what this kid said about your speech in Madison Square Garden? That's, I was up there and heard it. I came down here. Well fuck. I walk out. Give him a hug, give him a smile. I Love it. I love it. Danny, Danny, Danny, come back out here. Danny Martinello, how long have you lived in New York? Get back to that Mike. February. Since February. February. And before that you were in Edmonton? No, I lived in Toronto for like eight years and then I applied for my visa. Made The big Move. Yeah. And then I just said fuck it. And then went up to the oil patch for like six, seven months to work there and stock cash For the move.


But what you said is that New York is always the place that you looked at, like the place to do standup comedy. Am I correct? Yeah, But like from like a level where it was like, like You know, you're like, you want to be the past at the Cellar, you wanna be past at the she all that shit. And then you see from like a kid growing up in Canada, you're like, oh, this is like the epicenter of like some of the best of the best. But what's happening here is like, it's True. Like, like I, I thought this while I was here walking and like don don't know 'cause it maybe it feels like my what fuck you laughing at? I'm just being vulnerable as an artist. Gee, You guys wanna make fun of me. Huh? Can't I be dick jokes? Fuck Danny, I'm gonna get to my point real quick.


Okay, thanks. Before you ruin everything. Thanks. Thanks. Before you absolutely ruin Everything. Yeah. Well Austin's better than New York in the sense where you can pop off more here and there's a lot of good Shit. You don't. You don't have to say that. What I'm going to offer is this, is that if by some crazy fucking chance, who knows what could happen in this world as we know. But if by some crazy chance this show happens to do Madison Square Garden again, would you like to do a set there? Oh, Fuck. Yeah. Maybe. Let's run. So There you go Danny Alo, how loud can this place get for the great and powerful Ron? Fucking White.


It's come full circle. Ron White spoke at Madison Square Garden, inspired him to come to Austin. He comes to Austin, says it. Ron White comes out and he'll be at Madison Square Garden. That is if I'm allowed in New York City again, only time will tell. Who knows? You guys having fun out there At Sierra.


Discover top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Mm


Y'all. This podcast is indeed sponsored by zip x. Zip X believes nicotine users should have a better way to get their nicotine than smoking vaping or dipping. Their toothpicks are discrete, tastes great and allow you to get your fix anywhere anytime. Their cutting edge infusion process means the nicotine and flavoring is absorbed throughout every toothpick and not just coated on the surface. Red Band. Tony, I love Zipp picks. These toothpicks are such a great alternative to smoking. I hope you give their toothpicks a try and see what their customers keep on coming back for. Yes, we will see why their customers keep coming back. That too. I love them more than anything on airplanes and things like that after dinner, right? Where you really want a smoke but you can't light up. They are just unbelievably discreet and awesome. Nobody suspects anything. We bet. When you first heard of the nicotine toothpicks, your first thought was probably, do they even work? But I just told you they work and You know I love smoking. I love it all. I love having fun. Zipp picks works. Nicotine toothpicks are a great way to curb your nicotine cravings discreetly and conveniently. One aspect of nicotine toothpicks is that that makes them extra effective is that they satisfy both the oral fixation and the hand to mouth routine that you get from smoking. Customers who were former smokers say this has had a huge impact when transitioning from cigarettes to toothpicks. So Give Zippix, toothpicks a try. Good to zip x toothpicks.com and order a bundle today.


Okay, let's do something fun. Ladies and gentlemen. One of the greatest regulars in the entire show's history is here. This is that moment, Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the undeniable comedy stylings a brand new minute. This is Cam Patterson. So, So My, my cousin just got outta prison recently. And some niggas should be in prison. Not, not all. A lot of people are very smart. My cousin is not one of those people.


He should stay in prison. My cousin, it's, it's fun man. Like, he kind of raised me a little bit as a child. Right. And now that, that people know who I am. He wanna tell all my new friends about how we grew up together. Right. But he don't tell none of the cool stories. Like we used to rob people together. We had jumped people together, but he got around my new friends. Like, remember that one time we was at your mama house. We were humping them pillows. You can't be telling niggas shit like that, man. That's between us. We would do it. Listen, first of all it was Usher in the background. That's gay as hell. Right. It it what made it weird? My homegirl like, y'all gave a dude that together, like no understand something. They were girl pillows, so it's not gay.


They had like tassels and shit on 'em, so it's fine. Right. And it was weird. 'cause like this, the weirdest, the weirdest thing about the whole situation is that he don't understand. Like, that's not cool. You understand what I'm saying? Like, I remember, and that's why I say he should stay in prison. That's why I say he should have stayed there. He wanted to talk to my homegirl. Right. He was like, your home girl look good. Put me off your homegirl. So like, yeah, most def I will. So I told him she could talk to him and they were talking and shit. And then she was like, Hey, your cousin keep choking me. And I was like, why are you choking this girl? He was like, I'm not choking a nigga. I'm massaging her throat. And I'm like, they gonna put you back in prison. I want you to know that and you should be there. That dope didn't work at the end, but that's fine.


The rest of that shit did get the fuck Outta here. Absolutely. It's part of the fucking game. You gotta do it every week. This is not easy. That was fantastic. Is that true? It was, yeah. He outta prison. How many cousins do you have in and out of prison? Are you The only one? I was in prison. Okay. Yeah, he went in for like a armed robbery. He good now out. Okay. Yeah. He a good guy man. He, he should be free. I believe in him. Okay. You Know I, man, I was playing. I believe in that nigga. He doing good, man. I'm proud of him. Okay. Hell yeah. Is is he staying with you? Nah, Nah, nah. He live in Atlanta. Okay. He just came to my show in Atlanta and shit. It's funny. He, he not my real cousin. Right. Are are they ever your real cousin?


Listen, what? You gotta wait. Listen. He Not is there ever really, this is my uncle's child or, I mean, I got real cousin that I love and shit. One day I used to go to my house a lot when I was a kid. Right. And she had like a room for me where I can, where I could stand. One day I got in my room, there was a light-skinned nigga in my room. I like, who the fuck is this light-skinned nigga? And she was like, that's your cousin. That's not my fucking cousin. Who is this nigga? Right. And it was her boyfriend's son. And I, I'm, I'm colorist. What does that mean? I Think all light-skinned niggas is bitches. Right. So Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Right. You understand what I'm saying? All Alaska. Yeah. Well, wait, what do you mean by that? What do you mean when you that mean? I think all Alaska niggas is bitches. Right. And so I told him, I say, Hey man, you a bitch.


When I met him, right. And he was like, I'm not a bitch and a nigga, you a bitch. Right. And he was like, you call me a bitch again, I'm gonna show you a bitch. And I, and I called him a bitch and then he stomped me out for like three minutes. Right. And he was like, am I still a bitch? And I was like, no nigga, we family leave me alone. Right. We cousins, why would you do this to me? I love you. It only been cool ever since. And then we hunt pillows together. That's what we did. That's what cousins do. And that's the whole joke. But it was too long for the minute. Fuck y'all online. Okay. Bet. Boom. I love it. Cam Patterson.


What else is going on? Oh, nothing really, man. Running around and shit. Doing shows, stuff like that. My grandma called today. Oh boy. Oh, I know. I could tell the way you're looking. What does that mean? Nah, she love you still. Yeah. She still love. She love you. She love you I. don. I don't want to get in the Tucker Carlson corner with you brother. No, No, no. She love you. She love you. She love you. She love you. It's all Good. She was just asking some questions. She asked some questions. She asked some questions. Yeah. I'm getting that. I'm getting that too. I Tell, I said Grandma's cool. Like she, he love everybody. She like, I heard what you're saying, nigga. Nigga. Because my grandma say nigga too. And she love you. She love you. I get it locked there forever. You know what it is. I get It. I kill somebody about you nigga. I swear to God You know that.


I don't think you should say that out loud, but Oh, You know I'm playing. This is obviously a joke. Yeah. Maybe an armed robbery, but not a murder. Nah, nigga murder. You're Killing something about it. Death. You gonna be with me, right? Yeah. Hell yeah. Wow. Name's coming. Nah. Okay. Hey, hey Tony. We going. We're gonna kill somebody for you, For you nigga. I swear to God. Me or Yeah. Together. Tony Tony Hinchcliffe gang threatens murder on.


I'm saying it now. It's True. This is the closest thing to a Nazi rally I've been to in a long time. Hey, Hey, it's all good. Jesus is here. We fine now. It's okay. Jesus Is Here. Jesus here nigga. We good. Jesus Christ. What the fuck is that? Brown? Jesus. Yeah. Oh, My. goodness. No. Has he been there the whole time? Yeah. Yeah. Now he just got, What is wrong? What does that say about me? If I feel like I've looked everybody in the audience, in the eyes at some point and all of a sudden there, it took someone pointing out Jesus. Me, sometimes to Tony. That's what it takes. You know he's always there waiting for you to turn to him.


and you just need a friend by your side to let You know, Hey, He here baby. He made it. I found Jesus. This Is good man. You're doing the Russell brand. I found that's how you get out of the scandal. Who? Russell Brand. Who that is? What ethnicity is that? Jesus. Ask him for me. Get Up. Hey, what you is nigga, what is your race? Mexican. That's not real. Jesus. Mexican. Does He say Mexican? Yeah. He say Mexican Man. He must have accidentally nailed a nail through his own hand at some point. Whoa. A Mexican joke.


Whoa. What Tony, if you keep doing jokes like that, you're gonna get in trouble. You gotta Be careful. Oh, My. goodness gracious. I love it. No, It is good, man. I'm having a good time. We are having a good old time. I like it. ARI. MATTI. What do you think about your little I love Cam. Yes. Come on man. I love Cam. Why can't I go to Estonia? No, You can. I never. Oh, you heard about that? Yeah, I Heard. I wanna hear that. I I can't go. They don't like black people that done there. You know from all the women that now I can't fuck come. So We can do it together, nigga. You ever heard of a train? You Ever heard of a train? The train to where? Never heard.


Same Place we Started. Brother. Look, it's It's, it's You know, heard of Train it. It's a girl. Me and you. We can high five and shit like that. Oh shit. Come On nigga. I can't follow you though. What if you give her like really good dick? Hey. And then I'm like for the conversation. Yeah. Hey, How about You fucker. I make breakfast. That it? Come on. Come on. Overall, back at shopping this bitch who wanna fuck with us man, we outside. Who wanna fuck us? Who wanna fuck? I drop dick off. He make eggs. Stop playing fucking crazy. I'll make you go to Ramzi. Talk to him. Avocado. Come on nigga. We bread and I'm just dropping.


Hell Yeah. Going home bitch. Amtrak in the front. Cold train in the back. Jesus. Oh man, that's wrong. Don't take that Lord's name in vain. Oh, My. goodness. I think after this ARI, MATTI might be one of your new cousins. He is my cousin. We locked in. Absolutely. We cousins. James, my cousin. Come on. Narrow. Yeah. Narrow. I love You Ken. Yeah. Love you too man. We family nigga. I believe so. Locked In forever. We locked in for life. Nah. Hell yeah. Come on. For life. Watching James interact with very black people is absolutely.


I I I do believe Sarah. I do believe Sarah, I am in agreeance with you. All right. The black community have no greater friend than I. I am a great big fan. Come on Game Shit. We outside even Do this. Come on, come on, come on. Ah, This is good. Absolutely incredible. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the presence of Cam Patterson. Woo. Fuck yes. We're in it tonight, Ladies and gentlemen. This is a special one. Alright, we got another bucket. Pull. Ladies and gentlemen.


Wow, everybody's going pee at once. Look at this. This is absolutely incredible. Wow. Make some noise for your next bucket. Poll. This is Benjamin Dalkey. Benjamin Dalkey is next. I went to Japan and I went to the world's largest anime store. Now I don't like anime, but the top five floors were all gay porn. So we're good. Everybody knows Tinder is a selector for people with problems. You'll scroll and you'll see all kinds of crazy stuff. Teen moms, girls with crazy face tattoos.


Other times it's goth girls looking for men who will retrieve roadkill. Like, bitch, I'm not giving you my roadkill. I have a cat that vomits for attention. So obviously it's a girl. I went to the Museum of African American history in DC when I got there and found out you needed to register ahead of time. So obviously no black people in there.


That's all my jacks. Benjamin Dalkey. Welcome. Welcome. How are you? I'm good, how are you? You look fantastic. This is amazing. I can't believe we have Kamala Harris's stepdaughter here on the show. It's incredible. What do you weigh? You seem so light. Like 120 pounds. Wow. All right. I thought I was guessing less than that. Your wrist stays the same size the entire way up the rock. Never seen anything quite like it. Have you ever done anything? No. Not with my arms. Right. I made pasta today that Oh, My goodness.


In a pot. You had a pot of boiling water? Yeah, like in my hands by itself. Wow. How much water did you boil? Was it like a, like a little pot or was it like a a a big pot? It was a little pot if I'm being honest. There, you go, that's the actual sound of you carrying a little pot of water over to the, over to the, there it is. Okay. So how long have you been doing standup? About a year. About A year. What do you do for a living? Nothing right now. I was working at a grocery store for a while. Okay. What were you doing at the grocery store? I was a cashier. That makes sense. Yeah. Hard to stock with arms like that.


Hard to stock cereal boxes only for this kid. Okay. So you're, you were a cashier. What do you do now? Right now I'm looking for a job. What happened at the grocery store? Nothing. I just moved here, so I've had to leave the job. Where'd you move from? Virginia. Okay. And now you're in Austin, Texas. Yep. How much money did you save up to move here? A lot. Like 20 grand. 20 grand. Damn. Wow. Shit. Working. Cashier. Well, it was not just from cashier. I'm also A drug dealer. A drug dealer? Yes. It drugs. His drugs. It's drugs.


It's drugs. Posing as a child, prostitute. What's your opinion? Sometimes they like to dress me up like a lady. I don't know. Wow. Okay. So what else were you doing to help make that money For a Well, for a while I was working as like a car mechanic, but also I inherited some money. Yeah, I could tell. Oh, there it's, yeah. Sorry. I wanted to lie to You guys, but You know, he forced it outta me. Easy to do, easy to bully. James. I was Just gonna say Comis, I'm sorry that you lost someone. I wasn't funny and I stopped myself saying it, but You know. We'll pray for them. And I'm sure even though the money has helped you do this thing, that's a difficult time.


Yeah, no, it's fine. I'm Don't take the Lord's name in vain anymore. It Happened a while ago. It wasn't recent. Okay. All right. So Benjamin, what's your, what's your life like? What do you like to do for fun? Tell us more about you. I'm a big car guy. You're a little car guy? Yeah. What kind of cars? What kind of My? goodness. Even random women are bullying you Right now to the audience. It's incredible. What kind of a Tonka? Wow. The audience. We've never had this before. The audience is literally taking part.


Bullying Hot Wheels. Hot Wheels is a hot wheels. Wow. What kind of cars do you specialize in? I know a lot about Japanese, old Japanese and European cars. Okay. Compact. Yeah. What Compact Japanese. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. A car. That makes me feel too small. It's not good. Makes sense. You specialize in Japanese cars. Your arms look like chopsticks. So what's your love life like? I gotta know. Non-existent.


Really? Yeah. Tell us more about that. When's the last time you were with a woman or a boy or whatever you're into stuffed animal. A furry whatever you're into. I've never, I've never been like with a woman. Really? Yeah. Interesting. That's Beautiful. JAMES. MCCANN. He's keeping himself. Jesus. Jesus approves. Jesus approves. Jesus approves Mexican. Jesus. I thought you were a Mexican Jesus. Mexican Jesus approves. Don't you let these degenerates tear you down into a life of meaningless casual sex. That feels great. Don't you do it? Amazing. Have you ever been on a date before? Yeah. Okay. Where did you meet this person?


Where did you go? What did, how did that go down? I met him on Tinder. It Was, it was a guy. No, ever. You Met him on Tinder Is what you said. Said you said him. Him. I met him Like the world first. Homosexual. If you can't get a root as a gay guy, I'm sorry. You're not trying very hard. Very true. No, not gay. It was, it was a girl. It Was a girl. Yeah. See you met her on Tinder. There. you go. Very good. So you met her on Tinder. Where'd you go? We just like hung out in a park and smoked weed.


It was pretty terrible. Okay. Did you strike up a conversation with her at all? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. How'd that go down? Was it good? It Went all right. And then I brought up the show and she was just, You you brought up this show. Oh yeah. You're, you were just like, what did you say exactly? I was just like, what? We were just talking about stuff and she was, she brought up what's Duncan Trussel show on Netflix? She brought up that show and then I brought up that I liked this show. That you liked this show. Yeah. And then that was the end of the date. Yes. She knew about this show. Yes, unfortunately. Do You Remember God damnit, I wanted to fuck you before you said that it ruined our relationship.


Did she say something about this show before exiting? Not really. Other than just like, oh, It's the worst o face you can get out of a woman on a, on a first date. I do believe. Wow. So you, Oh, it's an orgasm. Alright, so you've been, So you've been a fan of the show for a little bit. Is that the, was that Yeah, the main frame of the conversation. That was a big part of it. don don't remember. This was like a year ago. It does not happen often, right? Yeah. But do You try to go on Tinder?


Do you try to go on dates? Yeah. I'm not good at it though. Like, I don't get a lot of dates off Tinder. Really? Why do you think that is? What does your bio say? I don't remember what it says, but I think it's 'cause I look like a girl mostly. Okay. You gotta pursue different women. I dated lesbians exclusively for many years. I've never dated a woman who wore makeup or perfume. and you find out if their parents aren't together and that's a better shot. And you're gonna spend a lot of time in bookstores. But hang tight. Yeah. Anything else crazy we should know about your life, Benjamin?


Not really. My grandpa worked at Area 51. Wow. Oh, tell me. Is it real? I don't actually know, but like What did he do? He was a experimental test pilot For What? The so for the F1 17, which is a stealth jet. And then the tacit blue, which was like the, the UFO from the Eighties, kind of, I gotta say with the big, with the glasses, you do look a little bit like one of the Roswell aliens. Yeah. Little bit. The cute one. Take it back.


Like Et phone Homo. Ouch. Did you say ouch. That's a first. He was helping me. Ah, Yeah. The audience can tell. But from the side, I saw the thickness of your glasses. You're blind the shit, huh? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's fucked. It's Bad. I can't See shit. Like if you lose him, what happens? Hold on, let's see. don don't know. Can we, can you, can you Look out there and, and can you Look out there and take your glasses off slowly. Oh, there it goes. Now shake your hair like a pretty librarian. Yeah. Oh, he is gorgeous. Heath, young Heath ledgers turned after to the show.


It is better. A little like this. Do do Americans have contact lens? I used to Wear 'em, but is that lens contact lens? It's like a lens. Yeah, but when it's that, that thick, you can't do it. It's too much. Like, have you looked Into perhaps getting contacts? I, I had 'em for a while, but they make my eyes super tired by the end of The day. If you thought about two big monocles, I think that could be Benjamin Dalkey. Congratulations. You were on the show. Here's a little joke book. There he goes. So much Benjamin Dalkey. Everybody buddy. All right, let's get through another one here.


Make some noise for your next bucket Poll. Ladies And gentlemen, it is Mark Sinclair is next on KILL TONY Mark Sinclair poll. My grandpa was recently diagnosed with late stage dementia. I'm just glad one of us could forget the molestation You guys.


I, I'm joking. I'm like 60% sure I've never been molested. But I opened with that show once I opened with that joke once and someone came after, came up to me after a show and they're like, Hey man, I really like that first joke. It's super relatable. Yuck. Don. Don't want to hear about your hoe phase. I should have been surprised. My little brother's always been chatty.


That's my time. Thank you. Very funny. Mark Sinclair. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for having me. How long you been doing standup? Two and a half years. Where At? Seattle and San Diego. You still live in San Diego? Just moved. I'm about to move to Dublin right after this. You're Gonna move to Dublin. I'm gonna hand it off to my senior European correspondence. Dublin. Dublin. Yeah. Yeah. Why do Dublin? I'm a citizen. Ah, yeah. I'm first generation American. Ah, don't do that. Yeah. Don't you tell my Irish brethren how to celebrate his heritage.


You fucking Eastern European dog. You got the greatest blood in the world or on few veins. I've had a couple of drinks. Excuse me. Look, looking at you don. Don't think it's the greatest blood. We don't look great, but we have good songs and we get into fist fights and Oh yeah. We let Google do whatever they want. Violent people. This Is, we're violent People. Shockingly Irish episode here. We have two Irishmen on this stage. We had a shift leader of the Shamrock Shake on earlier. This is absolutely incredible. Have you had a Shamrock Shake before? I have not. don don't know what that is. It is a seasonal beverage that is served at McDonald's. It is green.


Takes place around St. Patrick's Day. Has a slight mint flavor to it. There's some fat bitches out there. Do You know? Do You know there was a Do You know Grimace? Do You know there was an Irish grimace for one year? No. They brought him out on an event and he got drunk and started talking about how great the IRA was. And they, they buried it and never did it again. I don. Remember that? Yeah. That really happened. Yeah, I think so. I saw it on Google, so it's probably true. But you can't, you can't trust everything you read on the internet about people who incite race hatred. Is it? That's what I believe that The truth. No better time for that to be said and known than now.


Okay. So Mark, let's talk about it. What do you do for a living? I'm a software engineer at a bank. At A Bank. At a bank. Very Good. Very fancy. And what types of things do you do for fun? You seem like a very serious man. Thank you. You're welcome. I like to go hiking and I like to binge drink. Oh, okay. Irish. Irish. Very cool. Yes. Irish. What are, what are, what are, what are your drinks of choice? Irish car bombs are very fun. Wow. Very Fun. You're a fucking man. Is that a good Irish? I like the fucking kiss. Okay.


Yeah, it's a little too good. Mark, what is something that we would be surprised to know about you? I was put on the Canadian terrorist watch list when I was nine years old. Fuck yes. What exactly do you have to do to end up on a terrorist watch list? I'm about two weeks away from finding out myself, my own people cackling, my own people.


How did you end up on a terrorist watch list? What did you do in Canada? Did you do something and not apologize? He's at time rest. Okay, go ahead. I, I went there and I think my name was already on the list, so they just decided to tag me along. It was just a different Mark Sinclair? Yeah. Vin Diesel's. Real name is Mark Sinclair. So it might've been him. Oh, Oh, My God. Are you family? Wow. Wow. Oh, My. goodness.


I don't even get the reference, but it was very good. Wow. Mark Sinclair. So what are some of your goals? What are you looking forward to in life? Anything that you got Some Big, Just big dreams. You got a bucket list. I just want to travel around and have the most exciting life possible. Nothing really that inspirational. I love it. I love it. Well, mark, you did fucking fantastic here today. Welcome to I Love the First. There's a big joke book. And there he goes. The great Mark Sinclair. Everybody. Thank you. One more time for Mark and on to the next one We go.


Is that, is that bucket pool here? Is that here? Oh. Oh shit. What the fuck is this? Oh no. Oh no. What is going on? Oh God. Oh God. Save us all. Oh My God. It's Kim Congdon resident Puerto Rican roast comedian.


Oh no. Oh God. Make some fucking noise for the first ever. KILL TONY. Regular Kim Congdon. Thank you very much. How we doing Austin? Hell yeah. My name's Kim Congdon and I'm one of the first KILL TONY regulars. And I am a Puerto Rican comedian. These are my white slaves. And I really wanted to take this opportunity tonight to do something that every Puerto Rican wants to do right now.


Oh, oh, oh, oh. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. But I, I did watch the I I watched the Trump rally, dude, I watched Tony's speech. I was a little bit upset. You know. I gotta tell you, half my blood is Puerto Rican. It's true. Unlike Tony's blood, half of his is HIV. As you see, as you see the back. My white slaves are ho holding some Puerto Rican flags. Those are Puerto Rican flags people. They look different. They do. They have one star. Just like Tony's first Netflix special Tony, you called Puerto Rico an island full of piles of hot trash, which is very close to what you like islands full of piles of hot boys.


You And I'm here to stand up for my people tonight because I'm gonna say Puerto Ricans are American as fuck. We're just like y'all. We have a lot of Contra American contributions and traits. We love our culture. We love our music. We work in aerospace. We don't want white people on our island. We're racist like You guys. And this is the last thing I'll say, Tony. I think it's fucking insane that you don't like Puerto Rico. It's a beautiful place. And the only dirty parts have been taken over by white billionaires. It's literally Austin. You idiot.


Thank You guys so much. I'm Kim Congni. Kim Cong, Ladies and gentlemen. Paper towels. She's throwing paper towels into the crowd. Oh, My. goodness. She is got a Bud Light. Oh, Oh. My God. Whoa. Kim Conden, you wanna join the panel? Kim's gonna join the panel for the rest of the show.


One more time for Kim Congdon. This is a special episode Of Puerto Rico. I completely agree. I couldn't agree more. Great people. We love 'em. Thank you Tony. You're welcome. You are welcome Mr. President. Y'all having fun out there? How about one more time for Kim Congdon joining the panel.


It's going down. Another bucket poll coming at you, Ladies and gentlemen, I do believe this is the KILL TONY debut of Matthew Laur. Everybody. Matthew Laur on July. How we doing Bubba Fucking do we have any mixed people? Any mud bloods in the audience? I grew up, I grew up white and black. Right? But I grew up with the black side. I would be self-conscious dude. I'd be at the cookout. It's Where's Waldo on the easiest level You. know what I mean, bro. But my grandma, she was amazing. She'd be like, no matter what anybody tells you, you are black. Which is a lot for an 8-year-old when don don't know that Pokemon aren't real.


That's how I got, I got the 20, I got the 23 and me 25% Nigerian. So now I can, I can use the N word. I just gotta break it down to like syllables. I'll be out the cookout. Like I can't believe that. Nah. Acting like a G. What an thank you. I'll leave you with this. I was in the military. I learned three, three essential things, right? One, never judge a book by its cover. Two 1% every day and three LSD. Don't pop on a drug test.


Thank you. What was the last thing? LSD doesn't pop on a drug test. Gotcha. Yeah. But like even when you're on it. Gotcha. Laco? Yes Sir. Matthew Laco. Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the show. Matthew. How long have you, how long have you been doing standup? About three years, I'd say. Where At? So I was in Illinois. I was near the U of I where I would do a mic like once a week. Champagne. Yes. Yeah. And then I moved closer to like the Romeo Van Naper Naperville area. Okay. Suburbs, Chicago. You've seen The Bean. He hasn't seen many. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.


Damn. You are are right. You said you were half black. I am. That makes sense. Quarter quarter. You look like you Harlem shake a baby. That's So hurtful. Half. What's the other half? Like Portuguese, just white shit. Irish, French. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Way to get the panel on your side. Hey, You. know what? That's, I love it. I I love it. What do you do for work Matthew? Working at A-Y-M-C-A after school program. A-Y-M-C-A. Yeah. After School program. Yeah. Love to bully these kids. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I go to YMCA to work out. You do? Yeah. Down Lake YMCA. It's great work Out which gay guy's gonna have sex with 'em. All right fellas, come on now.


Harry Strai. YMCA is from one of my favorite bands. The Village people. It's a song. What do you do for fun, Matthew? A lot of Jiujitsu. I actually train with quite a few of your security guards. They fuck me up. Yeah. Yeah. I saw your cauliflower. You? Yeah, just a little bit. When you say you're talking about the mothership security Team? Yeah. Yeah. And how long have you been doing that for? I combat sport's about eight years. Okay. What level belt are you? Purple. Purple. Yeah. A little purple. It's pretty good, right? I supposedly, If you do MMA, you are the only guy allowed to have that haircut. Just so You know. Like, oh fuck, It's, I want to come up with something for your shitty hair.


But I can't. I think it's, what do you think Too far? Oh, sorry. I'm sorry. I had nothing. I think, I think it's good. I tried some new gel today. Okay. Should Have seen it. This was braided a day ago. It was what? It was Braided a day Ago. It was braided a day ago. Braided a day ago. Wow. Okay. You seem like a real womanizer. What's your love life like? Dating somebody actually. Really? Yeah. Where'd you meet her at? Here. Here on Bumble? Here. Here? Yeah. In Austin. On Bumble? Yeah, on Austin and Bumble. Gotcha. All right. On Bumble. So is that the one where the Girl, that's the one where they have to make the move? Yeah. Okay. And so what happened? She made the move and then what Happened? She made the move. We met at the coffee shop.


What'd you say to her? So Like, Suck. Want to get the fuck outta here? Or When you don't have to say more, right? Yes you do. Yeah. Yes you do. Yes he does. Oh no. Very different buying my shit. If that's all you get out of a lady before taking her to bed. No. That's a crime show. No, that's how she got me. I think That's a crime. I tried to kiss her. She curved me. You Look like a like night. You look like a mean guy, but kind of You look like if you raped a girl, you'd eat her out first. Oh, always. Is that not how you're supposed to do it?


Incredible. He Wasn't rape. I saved it with 45 minutes of solid clit work. That's when they have to thank you. Right. That's, that's how you get away with it. Do you have any, I'm sorry. It's a Joke. What the fuck? Matthew, over here. Do you have any special moves in the bedroom? Is there any, do you have any tricks? Do you use your, do You have any, Do you use your I I pop out the Juujitsu sometimes. Yeah. I think he likes the Smother. Yeah. Yeah, you do the old Waffle House. Hash browns. Smother cover, pickled Okie Spin. It's Spin A Rooney five knuckle shuffle. What are your other hobbies?


I, I, I keep it kind of simple. I'm music. What do you Do with music? Huh? What do you do with music? Don? Don't do anything. I just listen to a lot of music. Listen to music. Listen to a lot of music. Okay. How does this guy get pussy? And I'm struggling. What the hell you are matching on Bumble with those pants? Oh My. God. Dude. Yo. I like 'em. They're comfy. What scares you Matthew? Lako. What? Heights. Whoa. Heights. Terrifying. That was a quick answer. Heights is, what's the worst thing that's happened to you at a high place? When I was in the military, we were doing rappel training and I went forward and there was this infantry dude, big dude, right?


And I'm like shaking my leg shake so hard that I down. That's how I get when I'm around a big dude. Oh, So your legs are shaking? Yeah. And then what happened? And then I, I sat down and this man was like, yo, if you're not gonna fucking do it, then get out the way. So I, I did it. That'll get you moving. All Right. What, what military, what Marine Corps. And what did you do in the Marine Corps? How about a hand for an American hero? I thank your parents for paying for my alcoholism. It was awesome. I just found out about this. What is, what is your favorite crayon flavor? Purple. I just found out about that. That's so nice.


That's a thing. Purple. Purple. Wait, what's a thing? So in the Marine Corps, the jokes between are like, Marine Corps is dumb. We eat crowns and then we, we talk about the other branches 'cause we fuck their wives. Wow. There's another one over there. Hell yeah. Absolutely. You guys are eating crayons. But Puerto Ricans are retarded. For the record, no one said that about Puerto Ricans and it wasn't hot piles of trash. It was because their landfills are over. They are at capacity. Google it. Google it. The mainstream media doesn't want you to know about it because it sounds terrible.


I brought attention to it and I'm getting no credit for it because These Democrats don't really wanna help Puerto Rico. It's true. It's true. Donald Trump will fix the garbage on Puerto Rico. It's true. It's gonna build a wall. Okay, so Matthew, fun times. Congratulations Ari. What do you think? Big or little? Okay. Maureen Cole. Hit me with it. Let's give the big one. Hit me With it. You think so? Yeah. JAMES MCCANN. You wanna put in a boot here From the set? Little but the Pants. This man's a fucking American hero.


Are he? Sure? He's about to have to go and defend your country from being taken over by a bigger, stronger country. Sure. Which is every other country The votes are in. You're getting a big joke book. There's Matthew Laco. There he goes. Alright, let's get one last bucket. Pull up here. Huh? Make some noise for him. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Dallas Turner. Here we go. Dallas Turner. One more time for Dallas Turner. Everybody. So right at the top here. I just want to take a moment to honor my girlfriend.


She just, she just recently died from Fentanyl. Yeah, fentanyl. This dick in her mouth. So yesterday was a historic day for comedy. Tony did a set at the Trump rally as You guys know. And he spoke on the Clintons and You. know just personally I hope that the Clinton Foundation does not take the podcast name seriously.


Now for real though. It was really good to see you up there on that stage yesterday. It's just nice to see. You know Trump has the support of a solid support from the Gazes. There. you go Dallas Turner using all minute and 12 seconds to the bear. Fantastic. I've always wanted a comedian with white rapper Energy. Welcome to the show. Dallas. I have, I am a rapper. You are. Of Course you are. I could see the way you hold the mic. Yeah. I was like this guy. That's an Thing. A one two. You'll never guess what I do for a hobby. Hell yeah. So you are a rapper? Yeah. My, my name is Lil God.


Oh, okay. You've been on this show before? Yeah, I'm that Canadian rapper guy. That's right. That's right. I remember now. That's why I was thinking white rapper. That makes sense. Now that is locked in my memory. What else about you? Anything else? Or should we just get right into the rap and get the fuck outta here? Do you Do, do you do standup Sometimes? Yeah. Every time I see comedians on the show hold the mic like this, I'm like okay, the minute's gonna get outta the way and then I'm gonna do their thing. Yo. Yo yo. I'm just glad the lead singer from Vampire Weekend moved on to something like these.


What's the, You do look like you've been lost in Wonka's Factory for like 11 years. It is a cool sweater. Thank you. It is $20 at Walmart. You don't have to concede that. It's a very cool sweater and you should be proud. Do you ever hide in the clothing racks and like pop your head off? Scare people. Oh that so fun. You seem like you have the face. That would be good for that. Yeah. Here and there. Yeah. You look Like someone Melted Timothy or Whatever his name. I think he looks cool. That's how I'd like to look. I won't have this negativity.


You've got a beautiful bummed chin Ladies. Love that. That's cool. You've your hair's hanging on. I respect that you have the eyes of a serial killer. Women find that very attractive. It's true. So let's just jump into it. You wanna ask Michael Gonzalez for a beat over there? Yeah, sure. Let's try to not get too loud bands so that we could hear 'em. These raps that kind of get drowned out sometimes. So I have this song called ice cream. Oh shit. Yeah. Sounds cool. Yeah. Yeah. Who's that driving in the van? That's the ice cream man.


But to take your fucking money, Hey, this is where it all began. I need to find death. Where's my mess of close to death Dawan Die I don die. We dawan die. We wan die. Wanna live long self ice cream and do meth? I can wait till the next time. I can wait until Polish you near Death. Okay. Alright. There, you go. Woo. There's Some, some people booing in the crowd. Some Marines booing in the audience. Oh, he scream me that the boy fucking Oh, you screaming me out. Yeah, you eat it before he Mels.


I think it's a fresh new sound that the radio Vanilla Isn't ready for. My life's been a rocky road. I have a chocolate chip on my shoulder. I'm making that fucking cookie dough. I write better ice cream wraps than you in. Thank You. 10 seconds. That's crazy. Yeah. Thanks man. Alright. That's what got you angry was this man's ice cream wraps were not good enough. Vanilla O Pistachio. Oh shit. Yeah, that that song went viral on TikTok and Instagram, but wow.


On TikTok. Come on. I should kill myself in the comments. Do You know why things go viral on TikTok? It's 'cause the Chinese government's trying to make America stupider. Exactly. That's not something to celebrate. I still think you look really cool. Wow. Okay. Dallas Turner. Fun times. Fun times. You already get a little joke book. Last time you were on, I got a big one. Surprisingly right here's a little one for you all. Take one of those. Oh shit. Thanks man. There you go give him that. Make some noise for Dallas Turner Ladies and gentlemen. And we've come to that time of the night, Ladies and gentlemen, where there's only one possible thing left that we could possibly in this wild world do.


There's only one comedian that could even follow an episode like this. He is the record holder for all time appearances on this show. All time interviews. Some people call him the Madison Square Gardener. Some people call him the Manhattan Mahler.


We'd like to thank Squarespace zipping SimpliSafe in Game time.


Oh yes. The Squarespace Strangler, the Zippy's zebra, the SimpliSafe salutatorian and the Game time goat Ladies and gentlemen. This is the vanilla gorilla, the Memphis Strangler, the big red machine. This is William Montgomery.


After hearing Tony's jokes at the Trump rally, Donald is now wishing he would've been shot in his other ear too. Tony asked the Trump campaign if he could ever work with them again. They said, yeah, we'll contact you using this special beeper. I asked Tony if he was worried about being chased by the Puerto Ricans and he said, no, I bought a jet ski. What did you mean by that, Tony?


Dear Catholics, if the Pope is so powerful, let's him see him park the Red Sea. Okay, that's my time. William Montgomery focusing in on the super topical me situation. And then a random Pope joke at the end. I know I messed up on it. I was doing pretty good with the other stuff and then, ugh, He was able to write 49 seconds of me material and he is like, how do I fill this in? Right. I love it William.


That is the other ear joke is perhaps the funniest take I've heard and I have, believe it or not. Well, thank you Tony. I've read about 75,000 other people jokes about me in the past 24 hours. So that's very good that you immediately rose to number one. Yeah. How are you doing? I'm good. Okay. I mean really I'm asking. Okay. I'm totally fine. Ah, no. Yeah, things are good. I've gotten some amazing, some very nice messages from your parents. Oh really? Yeah, they're big fans.


Francis and Larry. Very sweet of them. They are very, very sweet. I've gotten a lot of support and none. None from you but your parents. Very sweet. Tony. I didn't know what to say. I, I just didn't know what to say. Not in a bad way or anything. I just didn't know what to say. And I knew I would see you tonight. I know, I know. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Well, te I, Tony, I actually found something that might be able to just hold over your mind for a little bit if you want. I actually, I'd always heard of the game Tetris, but I'd never played Tetris before. That is a fun wow game with the blocks. Yeah.


I'd never played it before. Yeah. I spent like a couple hours last night. You were playing Tetris last night? Yeah, I was thinking about you. I was playing Tetris. I was seeing how red band was doing. He was eating a bunch of birthday cake last night. I can't believe you ate so much birthday cake last night. Why were you eating birthday cake? I nothing about, this is our friend birthday. I Didn't eat that much But yeah. You had a bunch of birthday cake. No, I Just had a little bit. Janice had a lot. Did you eat any ice Cream? Rocky Road fucking ice cream man. Neapolitan. Did you hear the guy's ice cream wraps?


William, are you around? Yeah. Lil God. Yes. Yeah, A cool guy. That's who was there for Tony during the speech. Little God. Are you just playing Tetris now? Like on a computer or a Fuck? yeah. Well I beat Donkey Con Country one. That game is hard as fuck. I beat Donkey Kong Country two flying to Portland this weekend. I finally was able to beat Donkey Kong country two that is also hard as fuck. And then I started playing Donkey Kong Country two and I didn't have it in me Tony. Interesting, interesting. And then it's like this comedy of errors. I love the Pacific Northwest.


Portland was wonderful. I've really, I've loved it up there, but it was kind of a comedy of errors. I mean the, the hotel room where I was staying, it wouldn't get above 64. The carpet was soaking wet. I get to the comedy club, the dude getting the tickets is Mead mugging my ass the whole time. I'm being really nice to him. But I'm thinking this guy hates me for some reason. The toilet breaks. I have to end up putting my hands in the back of the toilet to flush. And I was having to shit in there. I hate shitting in public, but they had these wash cloths I was able to use and then doing the in the trash can. But then I was having to put other toilet paper stuff on top of 'em. 'cause it was just these big things of shit in the trash can. It was shit all over 'em.


And then the internet went out on Saturday night, then everybody has to freaking pay at the beginning and you get their two drinks at the beginning and the show starts an hour late. Jeff Richards was there. He was wonderful. We Love Jeff Richards. Love Jeff Richards. I get into the green room and he just starts mimicking me the entire time on Thursday. He's very good at that one. Oh, All time. He's So great. Impressionist of freaky. Freaky great. Impressionist Wonderful. But yeah, it was a lot of fun. And now my voice is hurting. But we'll see how it goes in ci. See how it goes. What In Cincinnati this weekend? You're going to Cincinnati?


Yeah. Wow. I Had a couple of friends from Estonia see your show a couple of weeks ago. They don't know nothing about comedy. They don't know. Yeah. Nothing. What's the norm? And he said you called his wife a bitch seven times and it was the greatest show he's ever seen. Well I wonder if it's Bitch. That's what you get going. Yeah. I mean it's been throwing me off. I get these bitches who have their titties all out front and I'm looking down these bitches shirts and it's like I already kind of, there's times I don't always respect women like I should. I mean, I totally have an issue. Are you looking for one right now?


Yeah, I was trying to see some titties right here, but that go nah. Wow. Wow. William. Montgomery on the prowl. Eyeballing his next innocent victim. I look at him. You Have to be careful around Heidi. I just look at her face whenever I'm around Heidi, I just keep my head up. Yeah, you're fucking dickhead. Oh Uhoh. Look at the look on William's face. My throat hurts and I'm a change man. After all this Tetris Tony, I'm feeling a lot more mellow. I swear it's really been helping with my high blood pressure.


I think it's a good thing I've been Doing Tetris. Yeah. 'cause we, we had a St the last time I was on the show. But since then I feel like we've warmed to one another and I really enjoyed You know. Yeah. Oh My gosh. Being A warm acquaintance of yours. At very least. I hope one day a friend. Yeah. Did You guys Have a beef? I called him retarded. It was not my finest moment. And he kept making Fun of accent. Accent. I was like, what did you say? Dumbass. I can't understand that You know. It's Like what? There were no real clear You know good parties. Clear. I'm from South Africa. Well we don't have to keep doing it guy. But I was gonna say From South Africa. Here we go. Okay. We're back into bed routine.


But I was trying to say something nice. I like the more that he gets you, you turn less red and he gets more red. It's like he's winning. It's like a transfer. William, what else is going on? Anything else going on? Nothing exciting. Just same old Bullshit. Just fucking God. Okay. Whoa. Cold is ice. Yeah. I'm feeling a little cold tonight. Yeah, That's okay. Is there anything that fires you up? Is there anything that you're passionate about other than Tetris right now?


I wish Tony, there's really not. Lemme ask you something. You've been playing a lot of video games. Have you ever played Star J Valley? I just downloaded that on a flight and I was growing turnips and I felt like Star, I was really achieving something. It's not Star. Ju Star. Star Ju Valley. What Star do? Oh star. No, no. I might be playing a different game. And this game you play Jeffrey Epstein and you lure small children to your valley. Yeah. When Bobby Leap plays, What is going on? Where? What is this music? What's happen happening? It's Tetris. It's Tetris music. Oh Hey.


Make some fucking noise for the great William. Montgomery Ladies and gentlemen, the drawing from Ryan JE Belt isn't Oh My God. I do believe that's the two guests that were originally booked for the show. Let's see what Chris Rogers drew over there. Oh, A little Jeremy. A little throwback. Classic Hall of Fame. Adam Ma. Ray. Legendary character Jeremy. Guys, please for the love of God, make some noise for Puerto Rican. Kim Congdon, the Estonian ARI MATTI and the Australian JAMES MCCANN Red Band.


Check out the Sunset Strip Comedy Club For the Secret Show every Thursday, this week. Halloween Show. We love You guys. God bless America. Give that P Tony. hit grave everybody. Tony Motherfuck. Come on. No matter what happens, we're here and we ain't ever gonna stop. We love you. Thank you. Goodnight everybody.


The Dance party would be safe. Dance Party would be safe.


Dance Party would be.