
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY, and every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now on Spotify and Apple Podcast. If you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website, go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch, go to DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Red Band. Come to you Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony Hit, Who's ready for the best fucking night of that mix. Lewis are Brian Redban, Ladies and gentlemen. Hello. And how about a hand for the best damn band in the land? Live in the flesh.


Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo, Michael Gonzalez, nachos Bel Grande, the great Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on The Keys. And this is D Madness. Live in the flesh right here, right now. Very exciting stuff planned for tonight. How do we feel? You guys happy? Before we get into it? Here's a little bit more from the amazing Sponsors that made it all possible. The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday.


Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel or shopping more time online and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


At Sierra discovered joyous deals on great gifts for everyone on your list. Like cozy slippers, ski gear, fishing poles, bikes, large kayaks, even larger canoes, whoof, which might lead to another discovery. Robin Gifts is the only sport you need to stay fit this season. Tis the season to discover great gifts at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from the Bill Simmons podcast Here to tell you about Michelob Ultra Courtside. It's getting fans closer to the NBA with a chance to win prizes like Courtside seats, A trip to Star weekend and much more. Check it out at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ultra superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 and Up begins on October 1st, 2024 ends July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob com courtside for free. Entry. Entry, deadlines and official rules. Message and data rates may apply Void where prohibited.


You guys are ready to start? Tonight's episode or what? Come on. Are You guys with us?


Are You guys ready for the best damn show brought to you by Game Time? This is Koni.


Tonight's guest, two of my favorite human beings, one of the greatest guests in the history of the show. The other guy. It is his first time on panel. This is a perfect chemistry match. As I bring to you a couple of my favorite comedians, a couple of my favorite dogs. Make some fucking noise for the great MATT MCCUSKER and La Mer. Oh yeah, baby. Fuck. Yeah. MATT MCCUSKER, the debut of La Mer. He's already sweating fucking bullets. Look at this guy. Holy shit. Oh My God. There it goes. Whoa.


Oh My goodness. Hoodie off. The forehead is soaked. Lamare, welcome to the KILL TONY Universe. Well, thank you for having me, Tony. I came here to black out and hear jokes. I love it. I love it. Let's do it all together. Matt mc it out. MATT MCCUSKER. That was such a nice nerd pass. Come right, MATT MCCUSKER is on tour. MATT MCCUSKER dot com. Of course, he is one half of Matt and Shane's Secret pod. What Barry May well be the greatest podcast not shot in front of a live audience. La Mer has the panties in the mouth Pod. I, I've only heard of this tonight while asking him if he has a podcast.


It is the panties in the mouth pod. Am I saying that right? Yes, sir. We're perverts. Well, LA mer lee.fun is his website. For those of you looking for the cheapest URL in the history of websites, LA me, L-E-M-A-I-R-E Lee. And when it couldn't get any cheaper.fun Lemaire Lee dot com blatantly available for only what I would guess is $29 more. But he went with.fun and got some extra chicken nuggets that day is my guess. Any kind of nuggets. I don't know why I had to make them chicken.


Anyway, MATT MCCUSKER and Lamare 248 human beings signed up to be on this show. They are wrangled in a bar across the street right now. Absolute oh one went up my sleeve. Look at that. Here you guy with the American flag hat, you wanna pick the first name. Very exciting. Anything can happen. The first name has been picked, and we're going to go wrangle that person while that happens. Just if You guys don't know if someone brought their brain dead girlfriend that doesn't know anything about comedy here tonight or something. Oh My goodness. They get 60 seconds on stage. You know their time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. That means wrap it up then or else. They bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear, which interrupts them abruptly.


I interview them. We all meet them all together. Maybe give them some advice. Maybe just find out more about their lives. What makes them interesting goes from a podcast or a standup set to a podcast in 60 Seconds. The whole thing's improvised. Anything can happen. You guys ready to start this fucking show or what? Your first comedian tonight? A Golden Ticket winner on this show. We don't get to see him that often. He's, he's a growing young boy. He is a wild growing young boy. Suffered brain damage while in the military. We love him. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a brand new minute from Drew Nickens.


One of my brother's nicknames was Mr. Brittany Griner Jr. His name was Jesse. He was an Allstate athlete, but he was wild. He was a combination of Antonio Brown and Kanye West with a sprinkle of Seth Curry. Yeah, he didn't identify as male or female for a week. He thought he was Crash Van Dicot, the video game character. My man escaped three mental hospitals on peer athletic ability. I thought he was Mexican the way he was hopping fences.


He reminded me of an outside cat because he would disappear for four days. We wouldn't hear a peep from him. But then he'd come back like nothing happened. And then he'd be real hungry. He'd go from crash Manute to Garfield really quickly. One time he came back, he had a bunch of cardboard and he proceeded to dance to the Step Up soundtrack for two hours. My parents were so worried. They were like, where have you been? He is like, don't worry about where I've been. I'm safe Now. Do we have pizza roast? All right, thank y'all so much. All right, drew Nickens. The brain damage is bumping here tonight.


A lot of keywords, a lot of references there. Brittany Grinder, junior, Jesse, Steph Curry, crash, Bandicoot, Mexican, Garfield. You hit a lot of, there's a lot going on in 60 seconds. Not a ton of like boom. Like not a lot of punch hooks. Not a lot of hooks. Lot of jabs. Yes, sir. Tiny little. Feel it out. Like touch the opponent's hands, kind of jabs. This was your brother? Yeah. Yes, my brother Jesse. Yes. He, he was a wild One. What happened? What happened to Jesse in real life? What's he up to?


So he's dead. Oh, okay. See, that would've been, that would've been so, wow. You were quick with that. Did You know he was dead already? No, I, that was amazing. You just had his hand over the button like, oh, I got it. Fucking nailed it. Red band. Absolutely incredible. We're like dead band over here. You were just waiting for it. Absolutely incredible. With the bell toll. So how long has your brother been dead for? He passed away seven years ago. Okay. Seven years ago. And what exactly happened to your brother? Okay, so he was like extremely bipolar, like a little bit above Kanye. And he would run away for a long, a long time.


But one time he got, he took too many dabs and then he was walking down like a farm to market road. And he got hit by two cars. Two cars. Two cars. Where? Red band. Red band. Where's your noise at? Where's your noise? You are absolutely hijacking the episode. This is what happens when Red band kills red band.


Wow. Three minutes into the episode. Red band on a destructive path. I noticed you were sucking on those vodka Red Bulls a little fast earlier. All of a sudden. I'm a fan of it. Okay, so two cars at once. Talk about Crash Bandicoot. Yeah. Tell me about it. Oh My God. You got like Frogger. Frogger is black. Oh, and your brother is black. Now something that we forget a lot here is that Drew Nickens is black. Yeah, it's like good old white chocolate meat milk chocolate.


I like to call Drew Drew Half nes. That's what I called. Hell yeah. My goodness. What, what was the angle of the crash, if you don't mind me asking? So he got hit by one down and then he spun out like a cartoon character. And then he got hit by another and it made him collapse and like hit his head really hard and he rolled into a ditch. Oh. So he hit, he hit Holy shit. Ladies and gentlemen. Red band making up for 11 and a half years. 11 and a half years. He was the weakest link. And now he's thriving.


Ladies and gentlemen, this is his moment. I had the Tom Brady Roast. He had the first five minutes of this episode. This is a breakout mainstream moment for Brian Redband. We are waiting for it to slow down. It is unbelievable. We've never seen anything like it. No. He's drinking his power juice. This is absolutely amazing. This is a moment nobody will ever forget. Especially Drew's brother. So, drew, how's comedy going for you?


Enough about your brother and your, There is one thing about my brother. So he died and then two years later there was a program called Jesse's Place that was made in his name. It's a shelter for young adults, 18 to 24. And they get all the help they need. They get medical help, they get job help. And it's in Yakima, Washington. It's a, it 500 people have come through the doors of Jesse's place and have been helped through it. So I just wanted to talk about the Jesse a minute so I could talk about Jesse's Place. Amazing to help a million. Absolutely amazing. Did they come through the door voluntarily or do they You have to get hit by a car and So, so the reason why Jesse's place was made is he would come to the thing and he, the guy Mike k would get a, be afraid that he would beat 'em up.


So he would give him cheeseburgers and hang out with him and he got to know him. So it's all for like, people that have like troubled past 17 to 24. So it's just, it's a, it's a really amazing place I wanted to Highlight. Yes, absolutely. Amazing. How do people find, like where do you go? It's a website or something. You, You can go to the Camp Hope website and you'll, you'll see Jesse's place and you can donate to Camp. Hope it'll go towards Jesse's place. I'll also have something in my Instagram that'll also have a way for you to donate. They have a Amazon list for bed. Bed linens and hygiene products and everything of that nature. So anything of that that You guys wanna donate, that would be awesome.


You know, I have A question, drew. Yeah. Does there have fresh needles on the Amazon list? I don't wanna support any place like that. No. There's no needles or anything. Drug uses prohibited. They have a drug drug that comes every week over there. Okay. Absolutely Amazing. Oh yeah, we have a really, yeah. That we covered it. Drew, thank you so much for starting the show. A new minute. We're going to continue to watch 'em grow. Ladies and gentlemen, drew. All right. Our first bucket, pool of the night. You guys know how this goes. Anything can happen could be somebody having the life changing moment of their career.


Like red band is tonight. Or it could be somebody that fails miserably. Maybe they lived down this street, maybe they traveled from around the world. Anything can happen. Your first bucket pool, getting an uninterrupted 60 seconds tonight goes by the name of Fred. Go. Fred. Go. I hate one-liners 'cause every time I do one, it takes like nine and a half minutes before I want to do another one. I had a hoot and a holler watching lived out. Women cry online about the election results because now they think they have to get their clits cut off and go to concentration camps because the orange bee, the gamel Just go to Boulder and take a ski trip and get your hoo-ha Hoover there.


You know, it's not that hard. I'm just glad that I don't have to go die to really need RC toy in a ditch somewhere. Now in fucking Ukraine. That sounds way worse than a ski trip. You know? I'd much rather stay home and goon to the top tart whores when ain't crying and cry a little bit myself when I come too soon on accident, shit, I'd volunteer at them camps to send these hussies left or right. Am I right? Come God. I mean, fellas, man. That's what you get Nina for, You know. Next thing me on Bumble, you bitch.


Okay, Fred, go. Am I saying that right? Go geo. It's supposed to be a G and then A dot. G dot. Oh Fred G. Yeah, Fred G. But you did the dot, you made a little circle. Yeah, instead of it, I was trying to be cute. Okay. Okay. Well, I mean be, that's where being Q gets it turns you into Fred go. Yes sir, let's go. Okay. Alright Fred, so how long you been doing standup Fred? This is my third time on stage. Good, Good. I'm glad. Anything else would've been crazy. Sorry. Where are you from? I'm from Germany.


Okay. You're originally from Germany? Yes sir. I Grew up there. How old were you when you moved to America? I was like two years ago. So 25. You have no accent whatsoever? Nope. I can put fun on for you if you'd like. That is incredible. That is amazing. How do you have no accent whatsoever? How do you, what do you attribute that to? Did you only hang out with English people, speaking people there? Yeah. My dad's American and Germans are fucking retarded. And where I'm from, where I'm from, there's like a bunch of army bases. So there's a bunch of GIS around. So that's who I hung out with. Your dad was in the army? Yes sir. And then what were you No, I was in the German army, which is a fucking joke, You know.


Tell us You were a Nazi. No one ever said that. No one ever claimed that. So you were really in the German army? Yes. For how long? Six months. What did you do in the German army? I Was a mountaineer. Okay. What exactly does a mountaineer do? Climb on hills. Basically infantry. But you like climb on hills and do knots and shit. You, You just, you just get to like a high point to look for Jews or like, what do you do? No, they got rid of all of them. There's no there, like they, they keep them in the valleys, You know? So Just bust out the ya oculars and look for the fucking, that is incredible.


So you're just up there in mountains. It sounds pretty miserable. It's not, it's just, it's the German Army's a fucking joke When you, when you say that, what do you mean? It's a joke. Like, They don't shoot a lot. They shoot like once a year. And if you're a soldier, you're supposed to like, probably shoot more than once a year. What do you shoot once a year? Plastic guns that they started massive scandals over and their dog shit. And everybody's in denial because the German government is a fucking joke. Well, do you think it's because you, they had a girl president Duncan Mecca. All right. You seem weird as fuck. Fred.


Tell us more. 'cause I Am. Tony, tell us more about you. Tell us more weird things about you, Fred. I Saw Fred at the food trucks. He was, he was with a gentleman. Caller Fred's freaky as fuck, dude. I gave him a knife. Freaky Ass bull dude. This is true what you're saying. You really saw him at a food truck? Yeah. Yeah. He chatted about guns. He's freaky as fuck. That's La Me's, military detail. You were scouting the food truck? Yeah, The infantry. He, he gave me a good gun though. It Was nice. Yeah. Yes sir. Yes Sir. What kind of gun? I think I recommended him like a, a Glock 43 x. Wow. Okay. Why did you recommend that to him?


Exactly. Because He needs to carry it around with him. Right? This is what Kamala was afraid of. Dude, this Is amazing. I feel like this is what people thought the podcast was three weeks ago when they heard about it for the first time. Like, oh, this fucking guy probably talks to Nazis. It's like, well, I guess now coincidentally, we are, for the first time ever, our first Nazi ever on the show happens just organically. So Fred, is there anything you miss about Germany?


Love about America? What's going on in your head? I miss the food and the beer. Yeah, that was awesome. But What kind of German food do you miss? Do You know what met is? It's, it's basically just raw pork on a roll. Raw pork on a roll. That's definitely an not a Jew food. No raw Pork on a roll. Can you imagine? It's Fucking gross. Unbelievable. It's delicious. That sounds like you could get like a disease from eating raw pork. They have very strict regulations. All right, Michael.


The courtesy laugh at your German accent. You know how grandmoms make food with love Grandma Almost make that with hate and exclusively hate. You can taste the hate. Okay. Fred, have you ever committed a crime? Public intoxication. All right. Have you, has there ever a crime that you almost committed and then you talked yourself out of it at the last second? Crystal Knock. Because You seem like a guy that has some wild ideas. I feel like you've come close to some weird shit before I suppressed my ideas with alcohol. All right.


You live here in Austin now? Yes sir. And what Made you move to Austin, Texas. Exactly. Guns and comedy. Alright, That is, you're a wild boy, Fred. Thank you Tony. I'm just glad that you're, that you're that we're on your good side Always. Absolutely. Alright, well, Fred, Matt, anything else for Fred? No, I don't. I think we got to the bottom of him. Fred, I'm gonna give you this little joke book. Who knows? Maybe you'll come back one day and grow up to be. Hey Joe, I love You guys. A big joke book, Fred. He loves You guys.


We love Fred. There he goes. Fred. Go Ladies and gentlemen. Fred, go. There's the How about a hand for the lovely Heidi? Huh? I mean, Unbelievable.


Hey y'all, this podcast is sponsored by Express VPN. The holidays are here as if there weren't enough things to worry about. Did You know there's a heightened risk of data theft and fraud? Hackers know you're shopping in a hurry during the holidays, so it's easier than ever to hijack your connection and steal personal information like credit card numbers and bank passwords, especially on unsecured public wifi. But here's how you cross online security off your list. Use Express VPN, red Band Tony. I love Express VPN. I love knowing my data is safe when I use it. Express VPN is easy to use app that encrypts and reroutes all your online traffic through secure servers making it virtually impossible to hack your connection. So whether you're at a coffee shop searching for the perfect gift, or at the airport finalizing traffic travel details, you can be sure that your personal information is fully protected. Express. VPN also keeps your online activity private from third parties like your internet provider and scummy data brokers who want nothing more than to bombard you with even more targeted ads during the holiday rush. But with Express VPN, not even Santa will know what you've been browsing. Express VPN is easy to use. It just takes one click and you can use it on up to eight devices simultaneously so you can protect you and your whole family on your laptops, phones, tablets, and even TVs. It's no Wonder Express VPN is consistently rated the number one VPN on the market by top tech reviewers like CNET and The Verge. Plus, there's never been a better time to stay safe this holiday season because right now you can use our special link. To get three extra months of ExpressVPN for free, just go to ExpressVPN dot com slash KILL TONY to take advantage of this special deal. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash KILL TONY for three months, absolutely free.


Three,


When you're on the go and it's time to refresh your energy, grab an ice cold Celsius, where zero sugar, seven essential vitamins and proven ingredients meet pure refreshment. Unlike traditional energy drinks, each sip of Celsius is a perfect balance of flavor and function. So whether you're hitting the gym, the office, or your next adventure, grab a Celsius at your local retailer or visit celsius.com to learn more.


Alright, Your next bucket pool. Coming out with a new minute. It goes by the name of Nick James. Everybody, it's Nick James. Here he is. So, oh yes, my name's Nick James, but that's actually just a stage name. My real name is French. It's hard to pronounce, but I'll help You guys out here real quick. So my last name is spelled P-H-A-G-G, ot. It's pronounced Pago.


Yep. But I guess everyone else, I'm just a idiot, but You guys think that's bad. My first name isn't even Nick. It's actually a cocksucker. Lemme tell you something. You can't get very far in this business. You're just some run of the mill cocksucker, You know? And the funny thing is, You know, people were calling me that before I even told them my name. Actually, that was ridiculous. So I don't have much time left, but I'll tell you a quick story. Oh, nevermind. All right, thank you. There you go. Nick James coming out. I dunno, Put this thing, there's a lot of bleeps there, Dude.


You're dripped up. You got the fucking black camo stripes, bro. Yeah, I, jeez. Yeah, it was a full Down. You get the Walmart before you come here, dude. Fucking jeez man. Why? Shit. Yeah. Between him and the last guest we had the whole fall collection. Dude, that's False. Spelled P-H-A-L-L. Okay. All Right. Hell yes. When you saw that jacket for sale, what exactly went through your mind? I, I thought, wow, 1999.


That's a steal. Yeah, it was. That's the year that that came out. No, he saw it and he is like, no one will think I'm a feg on if I wear this. It is amazing. It really is. It's like part camo part just jet black. It's Oh geez. Absolutely wild. It's like you could hide in bushes and just like do like puppet shows or something. Now that's for dads to show they're a little bit racist. That's just a little, just a little Sleepy. Hey, who said that was a little bit, What's your least favorite race? Oh God. On to that one.


Well, It's okay Nick. We're I'm gonna let you off the hook. You've been on this show before I remember your face. Yeah. Fourth time now. Fourth time. Oh yeah. Wow. How's it been going for you? People recognizing you out there? Yeah. Not for the right reasons though, right? Yeah. Let's just say I didn't do very well the last two and a half times I was on here. Right, right. So, how's life been going? What do you do for work? I, I write parking tickets. Oh, whoa. Alright. Alright. Listen to this crowd here in Texas.


We don't Like that shit. I'm gonna write all of you a ticket later. Fuck off. Like, Wow dude. I'm So glad your last name is F Yeah, they call. Yeah, they call me that when I write 'em up too. It is weird. Huh? How do You know Nick? How long have you been doing that for? For about almost a year now. Right. What are some of the situations that you've got yourself in? I can't even imagine what it's like out there. See I totaled my car one minute into the job. So, You know. So How did you total your car one month into the job? Let's see, it was one of those little patrol cars. One of the little, No, it was my own personal car.


So like, so basic. So like, You know, I'm still getting, You know, used to the job and whatnot. You know, I'm not used to the confrontation of, You know, people finding out I wrote them A ticket. Yeah, Jerry, I understand what you're saying. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I mean, who is used to any confrontation like that, right. Anyway, rig a ticket. God damnit. Wait, you didn't total your car on some innocent guy walking down a street, did you? No. No. Still got it still in the zone.


I would've got a better deal on my insurance then, but no, basically I was in a parking garage. I forgot to straighten out the wheel car pillar. Fucking, You know, I was in a hurry to get away from a guy. I just, whose day I just ruined. So, You know, it, it was my fault. I deserve it. But, You know. Alright. So you totaled your car at, when you were at work. What are some of the confrontations that you get into? Let's see. I mean it's usually, it's just homeless guys asking me for a dollar. But like, You know, like, No Nick, I'm talking specifically I that you're beating around the bush here. You're talking about homeless people, your own personal car accidents. That's right. You write tickets for a living.


We all see it every day. Someone goes, Hey motherfucker, that's my car. I paid fuck. Like, we're That's what I'm talking about Nick. I can't believe I have to spell it out for you. The shitty shit. Part of the shitty job that you have is what people are interested in knowing about. What's some of the worst stuff that's happened to you while executing a ticket on the street, doing your job That's getting yelled at by uppity white women. You know, that's, that's, that's, You know, What's, is there not a moment or a part of a story or a line that you re you remember from any of this? I Mean they all kind of blur together. Just so many of 'em. You know that, You know that don't like it. Anyone ever offer you a sexual favor to get out of the parking ticket?


One, one person asked me like, Was a woman ever like I will suck your tiny cock. Ah man, I wish if You don't gimme this ticket, I could write my own ticket then. But now You almost answered what was one that maybe one offered you something Like one guy did offer me a bribe but it was Even, I wasn't expecting you to be that big of a fuck. You know what I mean? Damn. You didn't say it was capital P-H-A-G-G-O-T. Okay. No. What did the guy offer you? $20. Whoa. Yeah. Isn't that ticket like 40 bucks out here Though?


Not the ones I write. They're like $92. Dude. Whoa boo. This man, the $92 ticket man with the amount of money of one of his tickets, he could buy almost five of those jackets he's wearing. Why are your tickets $92? 'cause it's like a, it's like a private lot. It's not like for the city. Oh okay. Yeah. Alright man. It's a good job. Alright. It's a good job. How much did they pay you? Actually, dude, thank you for your service. For real though. Like give it up to him for real. Thank you for your service. But also boo dude, that shit fucking sucks.


What? When you say thank you for your service LA me. What do you talking about dude? I mean he is doing a service dude. He is doing a job. No he's Not. His tickets go to one guy. They don't even go to the city. They go to a La Mer. La Mer. Totally forgot everything about this interview. Looked up, saw the camo, was like thank you for your service man. That weed has hitting hard over there. La me. This guy's been up here for seven minutes. La me's like you're in the army. Thank you dude. But seriously bro, sorry about your brother. He's just mashing everybody that's been up here together right now.


Alright Nick, well you already have a little joke book. I Do. Alright. I have several little Joke books. You have several. How do you have several little joke books You just kept throwing them at? I did. You do Well, you did do well. Oh, thank you. Or portraying 'em with joke Books at I threw multiple. What made me throw multiple joke books at you? Him? Let's see. First time I did, You know, not good enough I guess. Yeah, second time I was weird. And then third time I just bombed. Well I have good news for you. ZIPPs nicotine toothpicks has given us some amazing new nicotine toothpicks. Zip more smoke less.


This is Spice Island Clove flavor. If you want to pass that on down. Oh hell yeah dude. Alright, there he goes. Nick James. Everybody. There he goes. All right Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna keep it moving along. Make some noise for your next bucket. Polley goes by the name of C Wayne. C Wayne. Here we go. What's up Austin? How we doing? Okay. I ain't expect as many white people. My apologies. Lemme go ahead and adjust the elephant in the room real quick.


No, I am not a rapper. You did not see me on YouTube with a Draco. It's crazy man. Despite being a comedian, my biggest fear is getting very, very famous. It's a fear of mine. 'cause cancel kosher. You can be canceled at any time. I got some jokes that'll gimme canceled that I never tell. But I'm gonna tell 'em tonight. I'm KILL TONY real quick. What do you call white people that buy small amounts of weed? Graham crackers. Look, look, I'll be canceled before Tuesday. I'll be canceled before I even hit the scene.


To be fair, what do you call black people that buy small amounts of weed? Broke ass nigga. Because look, we got some money. We gonna buy us a little sack or two. You know what I'm talking about? Shit's crazy as hell. Shout out to everybody. All my weed heads out there. Yeah, Tony, can we buy weed on YouTube? Can we do it? It's not done. Well man. That's Cool. Alright, look between me and you, if you need a three five at the show you by the bathroom, by the little homeless dude with the two dogs, not the one dog homeless. Hell yeah. That part of the show's gonna be on BET next year. That's amazing. Ah, how about a hand for sea, Wayne?


Everybody. LA me cut you off. Little black on black violence there. Black on black. Cut. Straight cut off by your own. You good little sister LA Me? I'm just happy to Be here. La Mayor. Trying to hold him down. That's fucked up dude. Yeah bro. No, I got excited. He was selling weed. I'm sorry. Allegedly. Allegedly. Amazing stuff. See Wayne, where you from? I'm originally from Galveston County. Shout out to the 4 0 9. Oh Shout out to the what? 4 0 9 4 0 9. The 4 0 9. I'm gonna write that down. Never heard that one. I live in San Antonio right now. Okay. Shout San Antonio. Yes sir. Alright. Okay. How long you been doing standup? Since 2017.


So it's my year seven right now. Okay. Yes sir. Seven years. Alright. And you mostly talk about like you have like one liners mostly type of thing. What do you call white people like that? Oh no, no, no, no, no. Not at all. I have some, what do you call Indian peoples and then some. Okay, let's hear how many you wanna hear is, what do you call Indian peoples? Let's give the people what they want. Let's go. What do you call dim Indian peoples? What do you call your Indian friend that you call on the phone Tech support?


Nah, nah. What? I'm sorry that that might've been the wrong group. What do you call your Hispanic friend after nine o'clock? A food truck. Look. No, just I'm sorry. I, Okay. Alright. Be careful. You're gonna end up getting canceled out C Wayne. That's what I'm saying. That's how I led this situation. C Wayne, what do exactly do you do for a living? How do you make money? I actually produce comedy shows in San Antonio, man. Okay. A shout out to Holly Toin Entertainment man. We do comedy shows every Friday. Shouts out. Shout Out man. Shout out.


I love it. Absolutely. And how long you been doing that for? We've been running that since the summer. It's a weekly show? Yes, it is a weekly show. What were you doing before this summer in order to make money? Well before the summer I was running spring shows. So we was doing a lot of, a lot of spring work. You know what I'm saying? I'm starting to figure out why you have all these jokes about people buying a small amount of weed. What do you, big Facts. What do you do for fun? C Wayne. For fun, I like to play a little basketball joke.


W Right. You know what I'm saying? Troll people in Real life. What did you say after basketball? You said, I like to play basketball. Troll people in real life. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Not on the internet though. That's just bullying. Right, Right. How do you troll people in real life? Hey man, how you doing? I'm good. How are you? I don, I'm good man. Who'd you vote for? I already know. No, I'm just kidding. Damn. Can I Ask, can I, can I ask an innocent question? Is this the latest in black eye gene technology? No, I'm dead serious. I was curious. That is incredible. I know You guys had straps for a while now the gully suit, it's Nice.


Ribs are like piercings. You know at first two was cool. Right Now you end up with 36 and we are just out here making trends. You know what I'm saying? That is incredible. Yes sir. That looks like a Most definitely Look like a, I do like the Goku Hat. It kind of rips dude. The what? It's a Goku hat. It's This Goku. Right? You're talking about what's on the backside of his baseball cap right now. How the fuck You see the back of his head? Dude, LA Mer is specifically doing jokes for the Mexican part of the band right now. Hey, what up with that Goku hat though? Roasted? For those of you with eyes in the back of your head, he just got roasted. No, but seriously though, your pants look like a liberal women's arms.


After the past three weeks, the cutters have been cutting one little slit at a time for your new king dictator fest of his name. Alright, see Wayne. What kind of a big booty bitches you be fucking, I know it's the only option. So the question is like what shade of big booty bitch? Like what color or The ones with tattoos over they bullet wounds. Oh Hell yeah. You are indeed living in San Antonio.


4 0 9 Represent old G-G-G-G-G-G. Galveston, Texas. Yeah. Most definitely. Holy shit. You like the Latinas? Yeah, Latinas are cool. What's your favorite? My favorite? Latina? No Black. Sure. If you have an answer to that, what is your favorite Latina? I mean, It's like different ones. It's like the hot chip Latinas and then it's like the the tall boot in the summertime. Latinas. And then it's like the Spanglish, Latinas. It depends on what we talking about here. Like, You know what I'm saying? You can be whatever you want. You can Be Exactly whatever you want to do. Absolutely. See Wayne, what scares you see, Wayne, you have any weird fears or something like that?


Red band is on fire. Ladies and gentlemen, the sound board is booming. Thank you. Absolutely incredible. I just heard C Wayne mutter the words I can't breathe as soon as he heard. As soon as he heard the siren. Oh My goodness gracious. This show is outta control. I can't believe you said that. The second that the siren came out, It is Misto. That's messed up. 'cause I really had asthma till I was 12. That's just fucked up. And then what? Then it just went away. It Just went away.


Wow. Well our food stamps got cut off so I got skinny. That makes sense. Y'all Not supposed to laugh At them. Were both of your parents in help raise you? Were they both in your I was raised by my grandmother. Yeah. Perfect. So neither. Yeah. O for two. That's correct. O for two. Yeah. You have a cool name for your grandma? What do you call her when you're hanging out with your homies? Funny thing I, I call her granny but her name is Billy Jean. Wow. Yeah, look at that. Yeah. Facts. Wow. Amazing. True store. Wow.


Okay. And she was there. She would like make you breakfast or whatever. Oh yeah. Yeah. But when you being raised by your grandmother, breakfast isn't at regular breakfast time. You had to eat eggs and toast and bacon at four 30 in the morning in my house. So, yeah. Yeah. You got up pretty early. Like before God. Before I let you, Before God, Before I let you go see Wayne. Yes sir. What's your nightlife like? You seem like the kind of guy that spins vinyls every once in a while or Something like that. Curious what you do for fun at nighttime At night. I'm usually honestly somewhere at a comedy show, man. Trying to make sure everything is being produced correctly. Yeah. Trying to make sure, You know what I'm saying?


All the black people get in and just trying to, Wow. That's the opposite of what I do at my shows. Someone's gotta do it. I'm glad you're running it down in San Antonio. I appreciate that. Give these Austin Black somewhere to go to see a comedy show. You know what I'm saying? Bad news is we're sold out. Good news. San Antonio is just 50 minutes that way. We went down the street. See Wayne, welcome to the KILL TONY World. Here's a big joke book coming at ya. Oh, appreciate. See Wayne, Ladies and gentlemen with a one-handed catch. Especially reserved for specific types of people that are good at catching things made of leather.


Wow. The lovely Heidi. Alright, another bucket pull. We're flying through him here tonight. Can I? Yes. Hold on one second. Is this morning This guy, he keeps fucking like going a a at the late. It's crazy. Wow. He blew her kisses the first time. Then he went You okay. Guy in the white hat. What's going on? What? You can't help yourself. Wow. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you. What's going on? What's going on with you? When's the, when's the last time you think you busted a nut? You got a lot of pent up energies over there. You jerk off today or recently? Four months ago. Four months ago. Oh Jesus.


Yikes. This guy's about to wet his pants live. Sorry sir. First ever live nut busting from an audience member. Red band is a sound effect away from making this guy come in his pants. What do you got over there? You think he can make him? Oh whoa. His eyes just rolled in the back of his head. Alright, back. Good observation though. I'm gonna keep an eye on that. For the next Heidi appearances, sky out of control over here.


Deck Your home with plus.com dhy y or let us installed Com Free design consultation. Free. Free, Free, free, free, free, free. Plus free samples and free shipping. Free, free, Free, free, Free, free. Head to blinds.com now for up to 45% off select styles. Plus a free professional measure Com Rules and restrictions may apply.


This is an ad from BetterHelp this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health. BetterHelp online therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit BetterHelp dot com to learn more and save 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com.


All right, your next bucket poll goes by the name of Matt Walker. Everybody, we're having fun in here tonight. 60 seconds from Matt Walker On Universe. What's up? What's the joke? Alright man. So growing up, I'm sure everyone has that strange uncle. So growing up, I'm sure everyone has that one weird uncle. My weird uncle used to tell us these crazy ass ghost stories. And when we get too scared, he would tell us if you're so scared when you fall asleep, you don't just fall asleep facing the wall.


So if a ghost comes in in the middle of night, you won't see him. And one night, You know, I fell asleep over there and I must've forgot the rule. And sure enough, I felt this like ghost-like presence hovering above me. And I woke up, You know, and I this strange ghost-like figure making these weird noises. He is. So I fucking freaked out and I faced the wall. I said, go to sleep bro. Go to sleep. And I woke up the next morning and it must've been real 'cause I had all this like ghost slime on the back of my head. And so I fucking freaked out and I ran downstairs to my cousin. I said, bro, you'll never guess there was a ghost in my room. And he touched the slime and he goes, oh dude, what a coincidence. When dad drinks a lot, I know a go slime in my butt. That's it guys. Thank you. Thank you.


Wow. I gotta tell you, unbelievable timing Matt Walker. Exactly one minute for a guy that came out, guns a blaze and speaking four feet behind the microphone. Your timing is incredible. Matt, I think you Talked into the mic with His hairline at first. That was just, Hey man, gotta keep it glued down, bro. I used when I was a kid, I would pray to keep the hairline, bro. What is going on up there now? What the fuck do you think you're doing with that dude? I Don know man. I'm trying to, trying to work with what I got left.


I guess. Dude, it ain't working bro. Holy shit bro. Wait dude, you gotta, The hairline is a distraction. Look at his chin. It's a When La Mer is pointing out multiple things that's physically wrong with you. You're in deep shit dude. Sorry brother. Yeah, you look like a Billy Goop. Your coats are receding too. Somehow I figured it off. Okay, Matt, let's talk about, this is your first time trying standup, correct? Yes sir. Yes sir. Awesome. Congratulations there.


It's again. So Matt, let's just jump right into it. How old are you? I'm 38 years old sir. 38 years old. You started today. What made you wanna start today at 38? I've been doing just work in construction, appliance, repairs, stuff like that. And just, Yeah, Just spinning the wheels man. Looking for something bigger, better, faster, You know? Right. Looking For an opportunity. Absolutely. I figure the first time you almost got canceled, we got Hans Kim out of the deal. So this next time we get canceled I figured my haircut, my facial hair Puerto. Why? Because your hair is garbage. Puerto, Puerto Rican.


'cause you say that because we should cut your hair out of a constituency of the all. Okay, let's, let's keep working with this for a sec. Let's do it. Why just go bald, dude. I used, I I mean I'd comb it different ways. Sometimes I partied, comb it back, You know? Yeah. You ever slick it back before? Yeah. Yeah. Matt, I gotta tell ya, I gotta tell you Matt, and I'd imagine since it's still there in any form whatsoever, I'd imagine that your hair is something that you really love and are really holding onto. Yeah, bro. I really am. I really am. I gotta tell you, Matt, we've been doing this show a long time.


There's never been anyone that came out and just got a hard laugh from the audience and the panel. I didn't Know what the joke was, bro. I honestly didn't. Dude, Bro, you must be chilling by yourself a lot. I have. You must not have one real friend in the world. I killed it, bro. Do you Hang out with people? You have like a social life, you hang around with the same people? Yeah, bro. My close knit my family and stuff, bro. Yeah. You're close with your family. You have like buddies, you have like buddies that you watch sports with or anything like, kind of like manly men or like Yeah. Yeah. What do they bust your balls about? They ever make jokes about you? I Feel they've busted my balls about my hair since I've been in junior high.


Bro. Combin it forward. Like so Why do you stick with it? You seem like you would have a bro, I feel good about myself. I I don't have a problem with it, You know what I mean? I've, Hey, I truly do, bro. Like, it doesn't, There's a lot of people clapping here, but let me tell you something, you should have a problem with it, Matt. I get, You know, standing out, even like standing out there in line, bro. I mean, I get constantly getting eye contact from girls. I'm the best Not for the, the right places. It's not. I don dunno bro. Yeah, I don know Like, is that Edgar? No. Okay, stick with That. I can't even, I can't jump on the boat of, I just can't, You know, I feel good about myself bro.


There's no way That, okay, stop saying that. You know, you're ruining all the jokes by saying that. Sorry, let me ask you something. Where does it start back there? Like, right? Like this is real. This the, The No, it's not the widow Peaked to here, but the rest like here is all filled in and swooped over, bro. Like, can you forwards and then swooped over like that brother. Can I make a case for you cutting your hair? I will not. I would never cut. I, bro, can I make a case? My brother, my brother sha his shit. Can I make a pretty point now? I have a couple. You have a pretty good head shape so it wouldn't look bad bald. And also you got such beautiful eyes, dude. Like you have, I think that's what carries me, bro, is the eyes. Honestly, You guys, hair People will notice the eyes and then the chin.


Yeah. The chin's not that bad. The chin, the chin's not that terrible. But let me tell you something, dude, you do have good eyes. I agree with Lamar. And, and people are, people are staring at that thing on top of You. You, you're, you're like, Hey, my eyes are down here. Have you ever thought Of becoming a Franciscan monk? Yeah, I can see that. What is your love life like Matt Walker? Are you getting a lot of I've been with the girl I'm with, I've noticed in second grade.


I've been with her since for 15 years. Wow. We got four kids. Wow. I got three, three little girls and a little boy. Oh. She had, she had two girls from a previous relationship that I've raised since they were like eight months old and three years old. Couple real assholes laughing at that. Something That, something that's also a little out, I guess outta the ordinary. I've never, I've always lived with my parents. I've never moved out, lived with home Life. You still live with your parents? Yes sir. Wow. You're holding onto that too, huh? Yeah. Do you comb them forward? Sometimes. Alright. Wow. Yeah, man, I mean, So you live with your parents, with your wife?


Yes, sir. And four kids? Yep. Okay. And where My dad's cool as shit, bro. I mean, for him to allow that to happen is just, I owe my whole life to my dad, bro. Absolutely. Absolutely. I agree. What, what's that like living with your parents? Do you It's stressful as shit, dude. My mom is like a Fox News mom. Like she's fucking like the joke that Shane Gil about smoking in the house. Like, we could not, this lady would not have stopped smoking in the house if it wasn't for the grand babies. And she watches Fox News Straight that Newsmax shit, like the worst one, bro. Sounds Fucking awesome. Honestly, dude. Like, I don't know, wanna get too political and shit, but I, my wife dude, when that all that shit was happening, like, that's what kind of made me kind of come back from that whole left shit.


Dude. Is the, do you have a black wife? She's Mexican. Okay. Hispanic. Hold on. I think you were about to make a good point there. What? Yeah, so like, bro, because I really was like, I was on that fence and shit. Like I'm not, and I really mean this, I truly mean this. I'm not trying to just blow smoke up your ass, dude. No. Yeah, I wanna hear it. I saw, saw like the whole feat, I saw the whole blowback from like, and my wife do. 'cause she's Blowback. Is that, are we talking about what happens? Hair, when you out with the windows rolled down? Just fucking, hello? Sorry. You should relate to Trump more than anybody with the fucking Yeah, bro. Whack Up like That. Yeah, that too. Dude. My sister, she died last year on nine 11. Wait, what? Your sister died on nine 11.


What do we got for that? Yeah, cool. We have a sound effect for that red band. Like On like the 20th Anniversary. You don't have an air, you don't have an airplane. Come on. We've already heard that. Gimme a good sister died on nine 11. You don't come on a Plane into the building. Okay. Red band. That's obvious control. How did your sister die on nine 11? She couldn't stop drinking, bro. She died at 41 years old and so I stopped drinking last year on Mother's Day. Four months later she passed. So I've, I haven't drank in a year and a half. I kind of lost my train of thought, bro. But, but yeah, man. Oh, that's what it was. Yeah. So I think about that shit.


Trump losing his brother at that age, and it's kind of changed my whole life, bro. My motivation, everything's changed is what? There you go. Kind of motivated me to do this shit, You know? So Perfect. Absolutely incredible. Matt Walker? Yes, sir. I gotta tell you. Oh shit. What did you think was gonna happen? What exactly did you think was gonna happen here tonight? Matt? You barely talked into the microphone. You know what though? You know what though? Since you got such a big laugh before saying a single word, I'm gonna give you not only some ZIPPs toothpicks, but since it was your first time and you said nice things and we're rooting for you, shave your head and come back.


Only if you shave your head. Are you allowed to save My fucking head, bro, to get it? I'll do It. Will you shave it tonight? I want it This much. Well, I do. I'll fucking shave it tonight. Let's do it. I'll do it, bro. Let's fucking do, How many of you think we should shave this guy's head and have him come back on a little bit? Ladies and gentlemen, history is being, Let's Take this fucking bro. Somebody shave this guy's fucking head. We're gonna bring him out a little bit later. The unthinkable is happening.


Dreams are coming true. Matt Walker has debuted on Gil Tony. Literally the worst hair in the history of the show. We're gonna get to see it shaved tonight. Somebody figure out a fucking shaving system. Oh, we're having fun here. All right, we have a special treat for y'all while we go wrangle another comedian. This is one of the most prolific regulars, Ladies and gentlemen, in the history of the show.


His citizenship is inevitable. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the Estonian assassin. This is a brand new minute from Ari Matti. I am single, a little less woos than I expected. You know what I miss most about being in a relationship? Is it the sex?


I don't give a fuck about the sex. I miss the arguing. God, when you, I just miss having someone else to blame. Because when you are single, it's all my fault. Every time I fuck up, I just have to be in front of the mirror like you piece of shit. That's the best. When you have a girl, you get to unload load. You have a shit day at work. When you're drawing back home, You know when you're like, You know when you're like pre arguing, you're like, You know when you're like building a case, you're like playing that mental chess like, oh, you're gonna bring up my sister, huh?


What about the count of a mother you have? Huh? You get home. She has that stupid face. Honey, how was your day? And you go off. How the fuck was your guy? She calls you a loser. You call her a bitch, she gets the knife from the kitchen. You hold the cat over the balcony.


It's the best. God. I wish I had a wife Because when I'm alone, dude, when I'm alone at home, dude, when you have a wife and you hit your toe, you get to be like, who the fuck put this dude, if I hit my toe, I just gotta go. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. God damnit. Unbelievable bowl. Real fucking material. Real fucking thunder and lightning throughout D Madness.


The momentum continues with the RI of D Madness. The only guy that makes six entrances per show. I'm sorry, aile, that went all over. I'm sorry about that. Sorry, Brian, sorry. No, it's fantastic. First of all, Brian has nothing to do with the production of the show whatsoever. Why you would apologize to him. Nobody has any idea whatsoever. It's me. It's all me. And I love it. Thank, has Brian ever complained to you about going too long? No. I just don't wanna ruin the format. You know? I wanna respect the format. You can ruin it all you want. Killing is killing and you, my friend, are an absolute anomaly. Nobody doesn't quite like you.


You're a goddamn sensation future American citizen. Thank you. There's no question about it. Now I'm in deep with this new administration. Yeah. Oh, I am fully connected. I get a box delivered to me from West Palm Beach, Florida every fucking week now. Got a new pen yesterday. I got some new fucking, You got a pen? Got a Yep, I got a lot. There's a lot. Gold ashtrays. Wow. Oh yeah. La Mer. You gotta get Ari citizenship, Dude. Oh, there's no doubt about it. You gotta do it. It's on the top of my agenda. We call it Jesus, your High we call. Holy Shit. I didn't know, we need to look through.


I thought you got stung by a bee or something. You gotta get citizenship, dude. Just fucking Much like his website. La Mer. I love it. Much like his website. La Mer is having some.fun tonight. Never seen what a bong looks like in human form. He's Wrapping himself up in a hoodie right now. He is looking for some type of comfort. He's forgetting that he's sweating and overheated. Actually, you've dried up a bit, Lamar. It's incredible.


Someone's about to vomit. Someone's having an interior panic attack right now. How did the sweating, how did the sweating happen before the show and not during the show. Something is happening. He is getting chills right now. I just need A hug, Tony. Incredible. Are we working on shaving that guy's head? It's happening. How do we even have that technology? That's all I can think about, by the way. It's absolutely incredible. What is the, what does that mean? Scissors? You're not doing scissors are you? Clippers? Oh, we're going to my place. Oh, you have a, you have a shaver.


Oh, very good. Absolutely incredible. We have, the production here is just incredible juicy. What did happen? And somebody's getting shaved. You didn't see the guy's hair earlier. It was bad. It looked like it was sharpie on it looked like I drew it on like that. It looked like one of those shaky guy things with like the black dots that accumulate over something. But he had, he had real Life. Charlie Brown hair is what he had. Are you are a special treat. I, I don't wanna give too much away, but I had the chance to shoot a, a special show in Las Vegas that is produced by the UFC last week.


And I decided to take of all people, Ari Matti with me for this first pilot episode. And him and I had so many laughs. Such a great time. So much fun from the plane ride there all the way to the plane ride back. I've never Met a luckier guy in a casino than you, by the way. I do Have a It's insane. It really is. Yeah. I have a system. I have a thing red. Before we brought it the flight back home, we had like 15 minutes and you just went to a random slot machine, put in like a hundred bucks, got 700 and it was like, I use it as an ATM, You know? Yeah. It, it's Literally insane. I'm never bing, bing, bing, bing. Just the whole thing going off.


People looking. Just the wheel of fortune. Just fucking spinning. Just again and again. And you put a hundred in That shit was gone fast Dude. Oh. Immediately. Like it did not like immigrants. That machine. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what side can Feel. This is a needy pool. I don't know what side Estonia was on in World War ii. But you got bad luck bro. You got bad karma somewhere in your generations. Yeah, but we had an absolute fucking blast. The casino literally had to rob me so that I didn't, I didn't win. It was insane. Dude, you having a meltdown in a casino? One of my favorite things I've seen in live, I wouldn't consider it a meltdown.


Exactly. I would consider it fair justice. You Yelled time out for 10 minutes. But what happened? Yeah, It was okay. I don know. I don't know. What would you have done? Just have been like, thank you. Goodnight. A lady pulled the ball out of the slot. Red nine. Okay. So He put, I don't know roulette, but he put 500 on like one, what is it, number nine? Did you put Yeah, he put on 509, which is times 36. Which is $72 billion or something. Yeah, It's, it's an insane thing to do. And then the ball and I decided one time to take that risk. I go, I'm gonna go fucking ballistic here. I'm going to put 500 on red nine. Wow. And then what happened?


All of my net worth. You are, you are, you were a witness to this. Yeah. You Put it, if I tell the story, I feel like no one's gonna believe it. Yep. The ball go creep and it's around nine. The ball is flirting with the nine. It's literally coming two, nine. Yeah. It starts, the trickle starts bouncing, starts slow bouncing and then Just before it gets in, a lady appears, grabs the ball Over red nine when the ball in the hole as it lands in red nine, she goes, wreath spin. We're going to re-roll it. And I'm literally like, what the fuck is happening? And Ari's like, oh.


I go, Ari fucking, I was so excited. I literally said, fuck Tony. He was so excited at the thought of me just randomly like, like you said, the universe kind of likes me. It was a fucking, it was the dealer wasn't a random woman. Then we walked around the casino and I'm behind you and you're Yeah, Exactly. What is the reason they tried to cheat me outta $26,000. And then he's talking to the managers and shit and I'm behind you, The pit boss. And I asked the pit boss for his fucking pit boss. They reviewed the tape, they come down, I go, well if you fucking reviewed the tape, then You know what happened. He is like, I'm gonna go review the tape again. It was the equivalent to the Texas Longhorns game when they threw water bottles and then they came back and overturned the call.


And then the whole time he's arguing with people, I'm just standing behind arguing With people And a fucked up accent. Like where, where my friend money, You know, it literally, it really looked like Tony Betted my money. Did they say a reason at all or what was their reason for doing it? Their reason for doing it. They said that in the game of roulette, that there is a specific rule that happens once every grade. Literally they tried to steal my money, but their explanation was that if the ball gets stuck on the wheel, which is what the dealer originally said happened, if it gets stuck and is just rolling with the wheel, which by the way fucking absolutely never happens.


But if that happens and it goes around three times, it's a reroll. That's not what happened. And that's not what went down. It was actually the craziest shit I've ever seen in a casino. And it just so happened to happen to me and that was nuts. And Ari's my only witness. It was so much fun. It was so, it was so much fun. It did cost us an hour and a half of sleep. Yeah. The reason why I put 500 on nine on that roll is 'cause I'm like, let's get the fuck outta here. It's 2:00 AM we gotta shoot a thing in the morning. Let's do, let's put a ribbon on it. Little did I know that I would be fighting for justice for the next hour and a half, Dude. But it's so funny watching you because You know you, you are at the perfect level of celebrity. People know you, they love you, but if they don't know who you are, you seem absolutely bananas.


Oh Yeah. Oh I absolutely did. As soon as she did that, I go, time out. What the fuck just happened? And the guy at the table that didn't know me, he is like, it's okay, we'll just re-roll. I go, you shut the fuck up. Hold on. Hold. Every thought that you have in the world really started. I'll get back to you sir. You Really started pausing other tables. You really stood up and went. Everybody stop playing. I did not pause other tables. People will believe you if you make jokes like that. I did not pause other tables And then he walks around the casino. My name is Tony. I did not, I would never do that. I don't know why you're saying that. I would never do that.


That would be completely insane for me to do that. That would be a viral video. I wouldn't do that. Oh so much. If the internet didn't exist, I might do it just With a massive bell buckle just that says kill and then your own name just Literally doesn't say that. Ari still just making jokes over that. One of our favorite parts of the of the week was Dana White did something. We hung out with Dana for a second and we were amazed at how healthy he looked. You know White next to me, Tony on the monitor, he looks so much younger dude. Both us bloated four hours of sleep.


Shake Shack. Yeah. It's Six cups of coffee to Fucking, he looks amazing dude. He comes in just filled with vitamins, Glowing. And then him and I, Gil ate Shake Shack at the Vegas airport. We looked for the best restaurant in the Las Vegas airport for a very long time. We settled with Shake Shack Because ain't nothing wrong with Little Shake Shack brothers. Yeah, for you It's a joke. It's a joke. It's okay dude. That's alright. Ari, you are. Thank you so much. The fucking man. Absolutely incredible. Bye. I dare say truly one of the top young rising comedians in the world. One more time for Ari Matti.


Everybody


With Uber Reserve, good things come to those who plan ahead. Family vacate, reserve your ride as soon as you book your flights to all the planners. Now you can reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See Uber app for details.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets b2b, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/campaign to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/campaign terms and conditions. Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


We're having fun out here. Your next bucket pool. We're going back to normalcy Ladies and gentlemen. Lower your expectations. We have our second Matt of the night with Ari Matti on the panel. We've had Matt Walker who barely had hair. We have MATT MCCUSKER, the man himself and now the KILL TONY debut of Matt Brown. Everybody, here we go. Hi guys. So I have two older brothers. One is autistic and one's a Jehovah's Witness. So I have two autistic older brothers. That's fun, right? We can laugh at Jehovah's Witnesses.


They're not here. There's alcohol and fun. They can't be near this place. This is, this is a safe space. My autistic brother, he is cool. He is high functioning. That means he does normal stuff like he drives. He's not great at it, but he does it. He t-boned a UPS truck a few years ago, which is like pretty hard to do, right? And then a few months after that he got a job at the airport driving jet fuel trucks, which that's terrorism. If you ask me. It's like, did you check his stats? They're not great, but who else would you want fueling a jet plane besides an autistic person? Like he really gives a fuck about that plane, You know?


Thank you. He also smokes weed, which is pretty fun. I give him weed, I should say. Like it's cool 'cause we smoke weed together and he becomes not autistic, which is the opposite of what happens to me. Like smoke a joint, go to Chipotle. And I'm just like, dude, you gotta order. I'm nonverbal. They all think I'm gay. All right, thanks guys. A fucking amazing set. Matt Brown. Welcome. Is this your first time on the show? Yeah. Welcome, welcome. How long you been doing standup? Almost 11 years. I love it man. It fucking shows. I love it when people that have been doing that long sign up for this show and come on and show their fucking experience.


And He's got something on his shirt. What Is it? What do you got over there buddy? Freaking out, dude. He's about to fucking vomit right now. Oh, LA Mer. Oh My God. Little Shake Shack. So 11 years. Where? At Baltimore? Yes sir. Okay. You still live there? No, I moved here a month ago. Awesome. Fuck. Yeah, you're exactly where you should be. Ew. Mad. Just got fired. Oh yeah. I got fired on my day off. You did? Yeah. What'd you get fired for? Wait, They just wanted to bring back the guy that was suspended for sexual harassment. Wow. One day of you. And they're like, get the, get the freak back in here. Yeah. What was this job?


Security at the Moody Center. How? How you do you, are you and La Mer friends? How did You know that? Oh yeah. Me and Matt. We've been doing comedy together. Like the whole Time? Yeah, The whole time. Where he just moved here a month ago. Yeah, I know. But I'm from Philly and stuff. Oh, okay. It's actually like Lancaster. Shout out Lancaster, PA. Yeah, like Lan 7 1 7 to like die. Okay. All right. La Mer that. That's not gonna be too long from now. 7 1 7 for six to 12 more months. I get It. There's a little Brody. Good. Alright. So, wow. So Matt, you've lived here for a month. How many times have you signed up for the show?


Every time that it's four. Like five or so. Okay, awesome. Yeah. And here it is. It's happening. What's it like over there at that place? Terrible. It is Right? It's worse than purgatory. It's like it's a bunch of retards thinking they're funny just Then there's you. Sorry, just no, you're not wrong. I'd imagine that's kind of what I had in my head. I never get to see it 'cause I'm over here. I never really ask anybody about it. But an 11 year veteran, I'd imagine that'd be kind of annoying over there. Yeah. Especially 'cause my girlfriend's alone with them right now. Oh shit. Is she a comedian as well? No. No. She's just hanging out with you. Yeah. That's a shame that they don't, I guess that makes sense. For security reasons or whatever. They don't let like people come with the people that get pulled.


But she'll see this on the internet Hopefully If she's still alive. Yeah. So what's your plan now? You just got fired from your job? This I guess. Yeah. Have you been able to kind of make a living doing it lately? Not here, no. Right on the East coast I was fine, but I'm new here. Okay. I love it. An 11 year veteran. Tell us more about you. What else you been doing? Crying a lot. Just, I saw a homeless guy with his mom and that made me sad 'cause my mom's dead. I was like, I would give anything to be homeless with my mom right now. Wow. There you go. Red band. Very excited about the Rasta horn on a punchline.


There we go. So that made you jealous of a homeless guy. That happens every once in a while. Being jealous of a homeless guy. It can be done, You know? Yeah. A lot of times It's crazy to have generational homelessness. It's crazy to be homeless with your mom. Like that's, yeah, that's, that's two failures. Like that's crazy. Yeah, it's true. Yeah, you Just step up on the curb. She's like, Hey honey, welcome back. How are you? Yeah, It's the saddest version of, I still live with my mom, that's for sure. There's no doubt about it. Okay. Matt, any hobbies or anything other than standup comedy Basketball.


Really? Yeah. Wow. A master of posting up underneath the hoop, getting rebounds. I'd imagine boxing out. Yeah. White man ball. Absolutely. Bounce passes. Yep. Triple. He loves the spur. Matt loves The Spurs. I do. I'm Tim Duncan in the Post You. You guys really know each other. Yeah, we're actually boys. Dude, it's crazy that we're both here right now. It is incredible. It is. Absolutely. You shoot my apartment like three times. Wow. You're very close. I would not let La Mere shit in any one of my multiple bathrooms. I'm betting my whole life that you only have one bathroom. Matt Brown. Yep. Unbelievable.


Unbelievable. Well Mayor might be one of the last people I would let shit in my place. Out of all the comedians I know you might be the highest ranking. No shit, please guy. I'd rather you go outside and literally shit. Anywhere outside than inside. Yeah Tony, the smells and the length are a problem. Alright. Okay. Matt, what else would we be interested to know about your entire life's history? Nothing. I'm not really interesting. You got a cool dog named Otis. Hey, I got a dog. Okay, I'm just gonna ask lame.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna take over La Mer for the rest of your interview. Matt. Yeah Please. My dad. La Mer handled this A cool dog named Otis. Now is that after Otis Redding? Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. Very good. Middle name Jermaine after Jermaine Jackson. Okay, that's an interesting pick. What made you name him after Jermaine Jackson? I just wanted to raise a strong black man. Amazing. Amazing. If only La Me's parents wanted to do the same thing. Matt Brown, you are a true comedian red band. I'm gonna let you, I would love to come to your house for Thanksgiving. You could do that, please.


Are you gonna invite the funny 11 year veteran to your comedy club next week after? Yes. You can't come next week. There you go. I'm gonna, I'll help you out. Jesus Christ. Good, thanks. That was like the lamest invite I've ever seen. Yeah, I don't think he meant it. How about I give you eight minutes on my show here on Wednesday at 7:00 PM Does that sound fun? Okay. There you go. Thank. That's, that's how you do it. You do a little showbiz, you give them something. Here's a big joke book. Fantastic. KILL TONY Debut. We hope to see you again. Matt Brown. Can I come over by Thanksgiving?


Alright. Pulled another name out of the bucket. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for the comedy stylings of Brianna Basquez. Everybody. Brianna, here we go. Here's Brianna Basquez. Looks like masculinity in here like some real dick and balls. Hey, I'm from Portland so I'm not used to this. Let's see, I grew up super religious in the Pentecostal church. Super innocent, sheltered until I got my first massage.


Let's just say that man had me speaking in tongues and touched me in ways better than my pastor ever could. So I did what any good Christian girl would do and write a good review online. And pork, I got fired and I haven't come since. So that's Portland for you. That's all I have. Thank you. So sorry. Wow. Brianna Vesquez. Hi Mr. Tony. Hello. Mr. Tony. Mr. Tony. Did It move a little dude, I wanna watch it. Fucking, I'm sorry. I saw you at Shane Gillis's show in Portland.


Okay Brianna? I think so, right? It was. It was Nate Marshall. I'm sorry. Oh Shoot. Oh My God. That is hilarious. Shane's other black being confused for the other one. That is amazing what we've just witnessed here, Ladies and gentlemen. That's all right Brianna, don't worry about it. Thank you Matt. It's okay. Brianna, you can treat me as wrong as you need to. Brianna. So let's talk about it. How long you been attempting standup comedy? Just a couple of times. But this is my first time here. It's your first time here for sure. But like you've been like doing open mics. No, this is like maybe one time.


Are you say maybe one time La Mer stop. You say maybe one time like you don't know if you've done it one time before you would know I've done it one time. You Did? Where was that at Portland, Oregon. At an open mic? Yes. And how long, how much time did you do there? Three minutes. And how did that go? I Think it went well. And you said I'm gonna go to the biggest live comedy podcast in the world and Yeah, I think that we need more women and I feel like I have a lot of stories to tell. Is that what you think? Yeah. Why didn't you do one of the stories that you think you should tell here tonight? I have A lot of stories. Well, let's see, Did you dance with snakes? Your Pentecostal? They do that.


Yeah, I dance on the floor. Spoken tongues. Roll on the ground. Okay. So like, and That'll just be after our date. Wow. La Mer losing all control of, of what he's saying into the microphone. We are slowly losing La Mer. He is higher than his own blood sugar right now. It is incredible what's happening. We've never seen anything quite like it. I just watched his foot fall off of his leg. This is incredibly, he just checked. He checked everybody. For those of you wondering, just listening to the podcast, how high is La Mer? He looked to see if his, if his own foot was detached from his body after I made a joke about his foot falling off.


He looked, you can't make it up. He with genuine concern. He looked under the table. Brianna. So you think you're the answer to the not enough women in comedy problem? No. I just think we need more awareness. Maybe that's important thing. Sorry. It's amazing that somehow Chris Rogers has been drawing you this entire time from right over your shoulder. It is incredible. Brianna, what do you do for work? I'm a disability analyst. So what is what, what exactly do you do? Because I'm technically a disability analyst as well. I know, I know. I think I might be. I think I might be analyzing more disabilities than you.


I, let's see, I handle disability claims, so I pay about like we pay 80% of their salary when they're off, like having a pregnancy, cancer surgery. I handle their claims. Okay. Yeah, It's pretty boring. You talked a lot about not being around real men, about getting a massage and it being so pleasing. Sure. What's a story with your love life that you don't have? Love life. You don't have anybody to satisfy you? No, I do. I'm dating. He actually signed up. It's been four months. Okay. Yeah, His name's Derek. Okay, So he's real. Yeah, he's real because he has a name. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Where'd you get the hat from? Was that underneath something? Eastern Oregon.


Okay. Alright. Anything crazy about you? No. Eastern is okay. Okay. Not Anything crazy about your life that we would find interesting? Any fun facts about you or the way you were raised? Yeah, I think I grew up in a cult. So a lot of, A lot of rules. Like I could only wear skirts, couldn't cut hair, couldn't like watch movies, couldn't drink alcohol, couldn't wear makeup. Do you do that stuff now? No. Okay. Great stuff. Great set. Great interview. Take this and take time. We'll never see you again. There you go. Brianna Vasquez, Ladies and gentlemen.


Unbelievably rough somehow still right now ranked the 15th funniest female comedian in the world. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing how that works. I don't know what it is. Perhaps look at the angry women that just don't like that joke. They'll laugh at the handicap people. They'll laugh at brothers getting hit by cars. You say women aren't funny. Just a bunch of women in glasses. Like what the fuck man, I saw you, I saw the way you looked at me. Alright, another bucket Bull. This name looks familiar. Makes some noise for Billy Swift. Everybody. Billy Swift.


What is up? I, I like to smoke weed and read history 'cause it makes me more empathetic towards history and stuff like that. And the other day I was reading and it clicked in my head of like, it's crazy. We get to learn about history immediately, You know, on take t. We could watch War on TikTok now. You know, it's crazy. Back in the day, people used to have to wait for books to come out to find out what that sound two countries over was. You know, you had to fucking open it up and be like, oh shit, Hiroshima. That fucking really got them guys, You know? And I started to think like, wouldn't it be crazy if the people we learned about in history books, You know, had the same access to technology that we do. You know? Like could you imagine if instead of a diary Anne Frank had a YouTube channel, my guess would be a SMR.


You know, just gotta be quiet in that household. Don't wanna wake the neighbors. You know? Today we are going to listen to the boots downstairs. Oh, they're coming up the stairs. Oh, they have my family. Oh no, they're coming for me. This might be the last time that you see Annie. Make sure to smash that like button and subscribe. Thank you folks. Billy Swift, you've been on this show before Billy? Yeah, last time actually. It's crazy. It was Matt's first solo on KILL TONY panel, so that's crazy. Wow. Yeah. Amazing. Back in like March or something. Amazing. Yeah. What are the odds of that?


We have, we have La Me's friend being pulled out the bucket. A guy that randomly was on the other episode is Billy's my friend too. Really? Are you sure? Are you just higher than fucking God himself right now? No. Billy drove me home really drunk and I wouldn't stop falling once. Oh yeah. Yeah dude. I watched him take a couple drunk Tumbles. Yeah dude. Where We, and also I won a hundred dollars at poker that night, so it was a good night. Yeah. Wow. How did you win a hundred? Do you just, I don't know, Tony. It was very, He was blacked out. Yeah, he was blacked out just taking people's money, playing a random game of chance and he was just winning and they were so mad at him. They hated him.


Wow. Lamar, you live a wild life dude. I like to have fun Tony. I love it dude. I love it. You're answering it like you're on like alright, we're gonna pass to our news anchor on the field. Like I like to have fun. Tony, back to you. He is saying my name while talking to me. It Is A lot. Incredibly weird. Mr. Hinchcliffe. Billy. Billy. How long you been doing standup? Going on four years now. Four years. Where at Florida. I came up with Cam in Orlando. Ah, okay. How long have you lived here? I moved here January 1st. Jan of this past year. First. Okay. Absolutely. What do you do for a living? I now work at a dispensary.


I now sell THCA weed. I used to hang blinds and shades but I, I don't do that anymore. That's right. Yeah. I remember now. I once, he once said hanging blinds and I made a don't worry. D Madness. Billy Does MMA too. I'm sorry. Wait, really? You do MMA? Yes. La me is the best interview assistant I've ever had in my life. I could really use you. You know, it's every guy here, You know how to play an instrument. La Mer. You could join the band. We could have you up here every episode. Perhaps the ham bone. Perhaps. Tell us about this MMA career years. That's, It's actually crazy. I went to 10th Plant today for like the first time I started training for like in past three years.


I haven't done shit. And then I went in and I got my ass kicked and puked. It was fun. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I trained for a long Time. La me Laer has something to say about his client. Very humble. But he used to train with American Top Team. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank You. Lame. Thank you. Yeah. American top team. I used to train with American bottom team. Motherfuckers wouldn't know what hit him. That's right. You don't wanna know what does do. Okay Billy, what do you do for fun when you're not doing standup? I pretty much, I just do drugs. I fucking What kind of drugs exactly?


Mushrooms. Mostly. I like mushrooms a lot. Okay. What other drugs do you do? Sometimes I, I ju Austin fucking gets you on Coke real quick. Dude. They'll get you. Austin gets you on Coke real quick. Yes it does. How Did that happen? Can you gimme an example of how that Happened? Last time I was visiting in October. It was around my birthday. I turned 27 and I was like, You know I'm gonna do it. I've always talked about it and been like, yeah, I'll do it once. And then I got really drunk on my birthday. Took a fucking hit a God dust and it felt great and it was, It's amazing. Yeah, I always say like there's drugs all kind of end up, I'm not a religious guy but it always kinda leads to God. You know, like if you do mushrooms, you fucking, you'll see God if you wanna talk to him, hit some weed. But if you wanna be God, do cocaine.


Okay. Wow. Kick these fucking guys out. We found the two huge cokehead in the crowd. Coincidentally the one that keeps clanking his teeth when Heidi comes outta a round of a teeth for Heidi. Wow. Incredible. So that makes you feel like God doing Coke on sixth Street? Yes. Yeah. I get to walk around with all the homeless people. I'm like, be gone. And They just run aways. Great. Wow. Amazing. Amazing Fucking part. The Homeless Sea out there dude. Just And comedy's going. Good for you Billy. It's picking up now. Yeah, it's been pretty good. Like I got a decent boost from KILL TONY and shit like that when I did the first time.


But now I'm getting booked a little bit more. Trying to work in clubs as much as I can. Just And You got a big joke book last time. Yes Sir, I did. Well you're gonna get booked a little more. Another good appearance Billy Swift. Ladies and gentlemen. Christ. Well we are now we're gonna wrangle another name. Oh, that's inside. Let's do that right now then Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket pool is inside. There is an I next to the name. It could be you if you signed up. Ladies and gentlemen. He goes by the name of Dusty Carter.


Everybody. Dusty Carter. Oh, it's one of our own. One of our own people. Make some noise for Dusty Carter. Everybody. So any of you fellas ever had your lady tell you after five years and a kid you didn't want the same things anymore just to find out? She was completely wrong. We both wanted pussy. See how that turned out for her though? Now she's got the aids. Yeah. One in each ear. Can't hear shit.


I told her maybe that was your problem the whole time. You didn't hear yourself coming. Hi, if you can't tell I'm not from Texas. I moved here from Kentucky. 'cause I read on the Google that Kentucky had to cleanest tap water in America. I thought to myself, cleanest tap water, all these toothless cousin fuckers. I'm gone so far. Texas is great. But if one more socially awkward motherfucker comes up talking about am I in the spectrum, I don't care who you buy your internet from. Quit being weird about shit. That's my time.


All right. Dusty Carter, you did it. You work here as one of the production assistants. Correct? We all work for you, Tony. Well that's not true. Dusty and a simple yes. Would've done. Not everybody here works for me, but again. Okay. How long have you been with standup? Five years. Five Years. And you are from Kentucky? How long have you been in Austin? I'm not in Austin. I live in Fort Worth, but I drive here every week to sign Up. Wow, that's incredible. That's a two and a half hour drive. Right? It's when you punch it in the GPS. It's exactly 200 miles from my front door to this front door. Wow. I've driven in the last year or 17 months, I've driven over 25,000 miles back and forth To come here.


Yes. Wow. And this is, do you sign up every week? Yes sir. Wow. In Incredible. Since second week of July, 2020 Three, two hundred and forty eight people signed up today to think that you've, it's been that long and this is your first time. Incredible. I believe in it. This is what You know, this is my future. Comedy is what I love. I love it. I love it. What do you got going on in Fort Worth? Dusty. My wife is a military officer and we got moved to Fort Worth. Do you have kids? Yes. How many kids? I have two biological and four step. Wow.


Wow. You fell in love with a woman that had four kids already? She had three. I have one step kid that I still consider 'cause he was real young from my last marriage. The lady that decided she was gay. Yeah. La Mer has picked up his microphone. Ladies in trouble. Dude. He is a step by step kid. La Mer somehow. I don't know where that came from, LA Mer, but that was incredible. Step by step kid. So Dusty, tell us more about you. What do you think's the most hillbilly thing about you? Your look is incredible.


You look like you're from the top left corner of the GTA map. Yeah. You look like the GPS that you plug in to get here is on a four wheeler. But not, not only did I grow up in the county and birthplace of the Confederate president Jefferson Davis. Wow. But I grew up in the hills in the 1990s where I had HBO but not running water. Wow. Incredible. So what would you have to do for water? Go to the, well, We had a well for a while, but our house burnt down. Oh. You are just as trash as it gets. I love this. I love it. And you, when your house starts burning down, if you don't have running water, a little fun fact, you are fucked.


Yeah, That's, and you just watch it go. There's really nothing you could do. Just grab the tele, you grab the tv, grab the kids too. But the TV first. Yeah, I was seven. So I took off barefooted in my dunka duns down the street to try and get papapa to help. Hell yeah. Well when you don't have shoes, You can't put 'em on. Damn right. That's, you finished. I started it. You finished it. Me and Dusty do a comedy duo thing every once in a while. Or Can I ask you a question? What is it? So you were with somebody, you had a kid and they became gay. Yeah, after five years she decided that she was interested in women and she wanted to do that polyamory thing.


And I was kind of against it, but I was like, if it's gonna make you happy. Right on. So why doesn't she have to be with a kid anymore? Well, she had a kid when I met her. Oh. And he was like five or six months old and I raised him until he was in kindergarten. That's, that's my dude. And he's now 12. And I talk to him at least once a week. That's my dude, You know? Okay. He lives, he lives with you now? No, he lives with his dad. I have custody of my daughter. The girl that her and I had, I've had her since. Wait, Were you fucking a dude who, I don't, I'm trying to figure My, my ex-wife had a child and during the pandemic she went nuts. And that father and myself both took our children from her because she was not in a good spot at that time.


She's much now doing much better. But at the time, So she's not gay anymore? Actually no. How, how, how did that happen? Exactly. What's the order of events for her to not be gay anymore? Okay. Well, here she was with a chick. First of all, let, let's slow it down real quick because when you said that she was interested in women all of a sudden that you were kind of not into it, but then you let her do what she wanted. Did you hang out with the two chicks at the same time? Yes. Her and I and some chicks did a lot of things. Yeah. Let's talk more about that somehow. There's a penguin involved or something like that. That's a dolphin. Oh yes, that is a dolphin. Thank you.


Jon Deas. Jon Deas A master of water animals. Not a lot of people know that, but I, I knew it was a dolphin. I don't know why I said that. Let's talk about this Kentucky threesome. No, this was, yeah, this was in lieu. It was Kentucky. Okay. Yep. Okay. So, so you and all your cousins got together a good old Kentucky orgy or as we call it, a family reunion, You know what I'm saying? Hell yeah. Thanksgiving day. Hey, we grab for the Turkey at the same time. Let's fuck over it. Whoever gets a bigger part of the wishbone gets the other bigger part of the bone.


Oh My God. You dirty bastard. Okay, so dusty. So did you enjoy having multiple women at once? Yeah. I mean, who wouldn't? I'm not gay, Right? No, exactly. Did it make you more of a man you think? Did you have a beard before the threesome? No. I, I, I had, I was clean shaven, shorter hair then. But I had spent a former life being, You know, I'm an excon, I was a drug dealer, I was a meth cook. I'd done all that wild stuff. La Mer I don't know, I just feel like he's making excuses for having a big dick.


I don know that's what, that's what it sounds like to me. Yeah. I, I am falling deeply in love with La Mer. I had a feeling this was gonna happen here tonight. This is incredible. But I, I just wasn't, You know, I was wanting to live a different kinda life. So I did it. But after a while when she invited our third to Disney World from my daughter's fourth birthday, I was done. Because She didn't invite you? No, we All went. But I just, it was too much. So you're like, this is too much goddamn pussy. I can't, that's ridiculous. The fucking Disney world and all these pussies.


I don't even know. Shit. Shit's. I don't know Who to go on Space Mountain with. Yeah. Fucking bitches. Why was Disney World where you drew the line? Because I realized that as much as she tried to say polyamory works, I can love two people equally, that I didn't feel that was happening and I wasn't down for it. Trick no good. Yeah. You're basically the guy carrying the fucking bags through the airport at that point. Exactly. These fucking, So we was walking outta the Magic kingdom and I said, told her we'd already been arguing. I told her, I said, give me a kiss. She said, why? I said, kiss me one more time in the most magical place on earth and don't ever fucking touch me again.


Oh My God. This is my favorite show on the Travel channel. This is fucking Kentucky polyamory. 10:00 PM every Thursday. Holy shit. Matt Walker. I mean, I feel like I could interview you forever. I feel like this goes on, but in fact I will. How, what were you an ex-con for? I did. I got, I did eight and a half calendars in prison for manufacturing meth. Wow. Look at you orgies and meth. Breaking bad and breaking bed.


This is incredible. Absolutely amazing. How did you get busted? Making meth? There was a fellow that was supposed to take a ride with me to pick something up because he owed me some money. And then he was like having excuses and I was like, that's fine. Have my money when I get there. And so he made a phone call and when I pulled outta somewhere, they tried to pull me over and looking around at the felonies I was committing at that time. Those lights was a mere suggestion. So you ran Of course. And what, what kind of vehicle were you in GMCS 10? Like what is it? Sonoma, whatever.


Like a little pickup truck. Yeah. Okay. And you just hit the gas out there on the Kentucky roadways. Yeah. And When the brake line blew out, I hit the ditch. The, that's not the first time we've heard that tonight, But, but I didn't let the wreck stop me. You know? Yeah. I Jumped out. You got 99 problems. But a ditch ain't one Uhuh. Nope. Absolutely incredible. Well, dusty, I hope you keep signing up and I hope I pull you out again sometime. Hopefully it doesn't take another year or so for that to happen. This bucket's wild man.


You know, normally this should be the part of the show where I go, no way to end an episode other than with the next guy. But Ladies and gentlemen, we have a very, very special treat. I don't know how many of you have a lack of short term memory in the room, but earlier here on this show, the unthinkable happened when we were introduced to the worst haircut in KILL TONY history. And now Ladies and gentlemen here to say hello and give a little acceptance speech with his brand new haircut.


How loud can this play Skip for the long awaited return of Matt Walker. Holy shit, dude. This, he's a, a grown man in the middle of the audience, just yelled. You are gorgeous.


This is, thank You guys. Thank you. A night and day difference. Oh Good. Thank you. Thank you Matt. We all see how you look. I can guarantee you there's not a human in the world that doesn't think you look better now thank You guys than you did earlier. I needed it. Thank you. KILL TONY. How do you feel? I feel great. I think you should branch out. Do little Jenny Jones makeovers. I love that. Jenny Jones is the reference. A 22-year-old reference ladies. And John, I'm, I'm older Than I look bro, This is incredible. It went from being your bad heroine, from being your identity.


A thing that was stopping people from paying attention to you, taking you seriously to, I mean, this is what you should have looked like all along. Do you think you're gonna go back to the Sharpie marker? No, I don't. I won't, bro. No, This is incredible. This is incredible. I appreciate it, bro. Honestly, I'm kind of pissed 'cause I realized I might be a year away from shaving my head too. No, that's, it's quite sad. I feel like it's a beautiful head. Matt, what do you think your, your lady's gonna say? I think she'll be happy with it. Yeah. I think when she sees the episode, she'll be clowning on me too.


You know, giving me my time. Yeah. Maybe she's been holding back. You know, Everybody's been holding back, bro, you walked into a chamber of truth here tonight and I, I mean, I Didn't know what everybody was laughing about when I first walked out, bro. I'll be honest. I had no fucking clue. This Is beautiful. It is seriously the most undeniable physical and perhaps any type of change I've ever seen anybody go through in a single episode. You seem happier. And he's funny now. Yeah. Jon Deas just said you're funny now.


Thanks. Well Fuck yeah bro. There you go. Incredible.


You know what I'm gonna do? Since you were such a fucking good sport about this and clearly that really meant the world to you holding on till the very last second. But because you were such a good sport, we have these more zip picks here. There's these mocha zip picks, mocha flavor. Now this is supposed to be one of the best flavor of nicotine toothpicks. No. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm going to give you in in one month. Let's see another new minute. Automatically, you don't have to worry about signing up. Wait a month. And I can guarantee you that the people will be highly looking forward to that set in a month. Talk to Yoni will give you an exact date. And there he goes. Matt Walker.


Thank You guys. I mean, come on. That is, that might be in the history of makeovers. That might be both the easiest makeover and the most effective makeover of all time. Wow. KILL TONY. Changing lives for all types of different disabilities. I just shot a snot rocket out of my nose slapping at that. I threw, I almost did to it. I didn't have to say disabilities there, but God damnit.


Oh, What a great fun app. You guys have a fun time tonight. Well it is that time to put a ribbon on it. And there's only one fucking way to do it. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the Virginia vermouth, the Kentucky Derby, the Memphis Strangler, the Vanilla Gorilla. This is the big red machine. William Montgomery.


Damn. I'm starting to think my ass should have made a sex table Ray J. And by the way, Tony, You know I ain't ever gonna say my head back. Whoopi Goldberg is so mad. Trump got elected that she claims she's now refusing to have sex. Hey Whoopi. I'm mad too. In fact, I'm so mad Trump got elected that I'm now refusing to play in the NFL. Hey, nobody. Try to have sex with your old ass bitch. Liam Payne, ex-member of the popular boy band one Directionally direction recently jumped off the third floor balcony to his death.


One direction A Yeah, straight down. An Oregon government official was recently suspended for hiring people based on their qualifications rather than their sexual orientation. Okay, that's a joke. Just literally the, the headline there. Okay, that's my time turn Ladies And gentlemen, the record holder for all time New Minutes. The record holder for all time interviews. The reigning defending hall of famer. He is the John Jones of the KILL.


TONY Universe. Undefeated. Absolutely strategic brilliance. Tony. Yes. I, I had the best weekend of my life. I went down to Gainesville, Florida and I did, I wanna set the record straight. I I did go to the University of Tennessee. I am a Tennessee fan, but in my heart I grew up loving the Florida Gators and I was able to go down. It really was such a pleasure. And I was able to go to the game and Florida beat Florida beat Ole Miss. They were able to, I was able to get out on the field. It was such a wonderful, it really was a dream come true. It was a wonderful weekend. So were you, did you really go to the game? I really went to the game. It was wonderful. Some man, it actually was kind of scary, Tony, some man, right When I sat down, somebody started saying, oh my gosh, this guy's having a heart attack.


And it was some old guy just slumped over and I'm thinking, Oh My God, I haven't been to Gainesville in 20 fucking years and some old fucking idiot is about to mess up my experience at Ben Hill, Griffin Stadium. But it ended up, it was okay. They ended up squirting him out. And then Tony, I stated an Airbnb get this. The thing was, I don't know, it was this, it was the smallest television Tony. It looked like a, like a computer monitor or something. And I'm thinking to myself what I, I aren't television's pretty cheap now. I mean, can't you get a pretty big television for like $200? It's like, how Big was the television vision? William? We're talking probably a 24 inch television.


That's too small. I know. Yeah, it was we it was very small. I was just thinking that's a woman. She could probably put a bigger television in here. Was it like elevated up on a wall or something? Or was it kind of like close to you? Was it a big room? It was on a dresser and there wasn't a lot of stuff in the dresser. I went through everything in the BI went through everything. There was a bunch of kid stuff and it seems like the lady was staying there and her kids were there. Everybody was there. And I would Look out the window some and every now and again somebody would catch me looking at them and I'd have to, it was weird. Yeah. Have You ever thought before I Went to the game, I was just looking out of the blinds for a lot of the time.


William, have you ever thought that maybe you are the creepy guy. I don know. Why are you always looking out blinds and stuff? I was looking outta the blinds. I'm curious to see what's on the other side of the, and Do It comes up like once an once a week. Like you're always like looking out your curtains and stuff. Like your head looking out of curtains is scary. You are like a young version of the old man from home alone that like shovels the snow. You look like a young version of that guy. Old man shovel slayer. I think it is Take Right? I'll take. He was very nice. He took Kevin to that church where his granddaughter was singing. He was very Nice. He was a really nice man. I'll Take that. But there was a dark side to him.


He would go through the drawers of Airbnbs and whatnot. Yeah. Kids stuff. Playing with kids stuff. Looking out of his blinds. Yeah. But the game was fun. And the, the show I did on Sunday, it was fun. But there was this fucking, this horrible bitch. She was drunk and it was some place, it wasn't like a comedy club, it was just some, some venue where they were doing this show and they didn't have, I feel like at a comedy club they would've kicked this woman out. And it was just me constantly dealing with it. But it was wonderful because I real, I genuinely, I'm thinking about my sweet dead grandparents probably hopefully smiling, looking down.


I'm back in Gainesville back where they were living. I'm doing a show. I was able to get out on the field at the Gator and there's this stupid fucking bitch. She was 24. It's How do You know her age? Because I asked her how old she was and I was telling her What made you even begin to ask her? Was she already heckling or Yes, she was being very loud. So she was being just extraordinarily loud and in like there was a loud punchline or anything. She was just being, there Was a loud, horrible, loud 24-year-old in Gainesville, Florida. This is incredible. I can't believe it. Yeah. Wow. It was horrible. Oh My goodness gracious. Yeah. But it was a ended up, okay, so, So It was a really fun weekend. So Did you make it like a big part of your set?


Perhaps What? Talking with the girl? Yeah. Yeah. It ended up being a 30 plus minutes perhaps by this review that I'm seeing online. That red band just pointed out to me 30 plus minutes of, it was him just screaming at this white chick in her date saying shit like quote, shut the fuck up, you stupid bitch. I love your energy, but laugh at the punchlines. You dumb ass. Yeah. And at her boyfriend, you should actually be embarrassed. I really hope you're embarrassed right now because you should be control your bitch dog.


Seriously, it was good. And again, I swear Tony like if people are laughing, it's good, but it's stressing me out. Then He would do another joke. That chick yells before he even gets to the punchline, he starts berating her repeat. He did this 10 plus times for his set. I'm not exaggerating, I guess I would guess at least 10 plus times. And I was already extremely annoyed by the seventh time. So was my girlfriend. They were annoying as fuck. And the drunk white chick legit couldn't fathom that she was the problem he was addressing. The same thing happened at Casey Rockets part of the show. She kept screaming, give me the key, I want the key.


After he did his dutchman's key bit. However, Casey addressed it once and then never again. He just kept pushing through his golden material. William, however, would just not let it go. Okay, well that's good. And that also sounds like just some fucking idiot. Maybe. That sounds like a dumb ass kind of. Ooh, yeah. And then I hear a fucking, I hear waterfall. I thought she vomited 'cause she's gone. I hear and it, it turns out somebody just dumped a cup water over her and I was so happy. And I swear to God, she fucking walks back with a smile on her face with a filled up drink and I, my heart drops.


'cause I really, I thought she vomited on the ground and got kicked out because I heard this noise and then she was gone and I was like, Oh My God, she's gone. And then she comes back with a filled up drink. I'm like, oh God, this is, why didn't they kick her out Though? This seems like it's The club's spot. The Sunday. That was fun. Fun Sunday show in gain. Gainesville, Florida. You're, it was fun. It was totally fun. It's kind of like a perfect storm. I mean that's what happens. Yeah, that's kind of how it goes. But over overall, a great weekend. Wonder time sounds like, did you have good seats for the game? Were you on the sideline? Had really good seats. Luckily it was, we were in the sun for 20 minutes and in the shade and it's scary because there's this man who was really mean to a woman sitting next to me and he had this horrible scar on his nose and I think I have another skin cancer on my face.


So thank God we got back into the shade, which is how the sun was going over the stadium. Thank God I was only in the sun for about 20 minutes 'cause I didn't have my sunscreen on. Now there is a really decent chance, and I mean a really, really fucking decent chance. This show is seen by millions and millions of people that the woman that was at your show in Gainesville is, is being shown this clip right now by somebody in Florida. So why don't you look right at that camera right there. If you have any words that you'd like to say to her now, now that a a little bit of time has passed.


William, the final words to the drunk girl. Well also, I already apologized to her earlier via Instagram. She sent me a message on Instagram and so did her boyfriend. Wow. That really took all the comedy out of this. Literally the opposite of comedy and apology, Ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, an apology. How about for the live audience and the millions of people watching around the world? Why don't you say something other than, well, I guess it's over now. How about, what would you like to say to the, And I heard you had a bowl for me. I know, I fucking, I'm sorry. You Broke a bowl of mine one time. Bull. And then John tells me you have the, you brought me a bowl finally.


So I thought you were about to gimme a bowl or something. I didn't do it. I got too high before the show. Lamar, how did you break William's bowl? Just bink fat. You had it in your back pocket? No, I Was, no, it was the funniest thing. It was on the fucking table and he has his hand in, there's nothing else around it. And he just drags his hand and it falls off the table. And I can't even believe what I'm seeing. There's nothing. It's like he almost intentionally, I know you didn't intentionally do it, but it was just the craziest thing I've ever seen. Dude, I got these alligators. Oh man, I can't control 'em. They're fucking gator claws. I don't know what to do with them. They just sit when I walk.


Gators can swim. William, is there anything you would like to say to Lamar about him not bringing you a brand new bowl? It's good. I totally understand. We have a new apologetic. Calm William Montgomery. Someone's been making a lot of cameo money lately. This guy used To, oh yeah. It's Christmas time. If you need a cameo. I'm doing cameos for Christmas. So William, I do have this bold and I've been smoking out over all night that I have to put back in the mothership green room. But I can give you this. Wait, you're, you're giving Are you having to bring that back for you. Yeah, that's, yeah. Do you want me to bring it Back up there?


One of Joe Rogan. Do you think Joe Rogan has the money to spare, to give away a green room pipe like that? No, I don't like to count Joe Rogans pockets like that. That's not a thing I would do. Us RNs, we don't do that. It's public knowledge. He's extremely Rich. I was just making a joke. You shouldn't give William the pipe from the green room. That would be, Yeah, I know. I know. I was, yeah, I'm sorry. It's fine, man. Welcome To an apology filled ending to KILL TONY. William, anything else you wanna passionately say or anything else you're passionate? Yeah, I mean, I think that person, whatever fucking review you read, I think people were having fun. I think it was a wonderful show.


So that dumb ass saying, oh yeah, really bothered me and my bitch that he kept on dealing with some, that's a fucking idiot. So that's what I say there. Totally agree. It was a good show. People are laughing the fucking time. I'm literally killing it up there. You're Damn right. Some of the time I am, but you're damn right. But you did throw me off a little bit. You're Damn fucking right. It was horrible. But those people are idiots, so that doesn't matter what they said. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, the Golden Goat, William Montgomery, Ladies and gentlemen. Wow, he's done it again. The drawing is in from Ryan JE Belt. Let's see what Chris Rogers has over there. It is indeed Michael Gonzalez.


How loud can this place good for the great and powerful MATT MCCUSKER? Matt and Shane Secret Pod? Make sure you catch him on to. He's literally one of the best comedians out there. MATT MCCUSKER dot com for tickets. How about a Hand for the KILL? TONY debut of La Mer Lee, everybody, one of my instant favorites. Panties in the mouth pod and La merly.fun. Just a reminder, it's do fun. If you're looking for La Mer tickets not.com, LA merly.fun. One more time for the best stand band in the land. Thank you to Game time. We love You guys. Red band, love You guys.


Have a good night, everybody. We'll see you soon. Thank you. God bless America All.


We're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm Thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength, and wow, It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a barian. Because Artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly and as little as 30 seconds, and I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker Artesian, get $50 off any cocktail maker at artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.