
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony Hinchcliffe. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY, The Uncensored live stream of two nights here from Austin, Texas, December 30th and 31st, you can snuggle up in the cold with your loved ones, or all by yourself, or with a bottle of tequila or whatever you're into in this crazy world.


Snuggle up, stay warm. December 30th and 31st with a completely uncensored kill. Tony's live from the HEB Center in Austin, Texas. This is a new, super annual amazing event. It is our biggest two night event of the year, and we're super excited about it. It is on sale now. KILL TONY live.com. Get it for your loved ones. Get it for yourself. Love it, or hate it. Live December 30th and 31st.


Hey, this is Red Rick. Come to you Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony Hit, Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Make Some noise for Brian Redban, Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the best damn band in the land, everybody. Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, Michael Gonzalez, Cinco de Mayo, Matt mulling on the electric guitar.


Jon Deas on The Keys. And this is indeed the one and only the great and powerful D Madness on the bass guitar. Oh yeah, it feels good in here tonight. We're gonna have a lot of fun. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the the amazing sponsors that made it all possible.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now open. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Happy to have You guys here. Just a few. A few. Harry is spelled H-A-R-R-Y, by the way. Not, not Harry, H-A-I-R-Y. Good job. You thought he was a Harry Potter, like a guy with a lot of hair. We haven't even begun yet. It's unbelievable. Anyway, what is that even for? What are you doing over there? I just see you typing in H-A-I-R-Y Potter like a, like a Harry, like he's not even Harry.


His first name's Harry. Okay.


Ninja buses.com. You can get an unbelievable bus trip to the HEB Center December 30th and 31st. Back to downtown Austin, Texas. It's your new favorite holiday tradition. The two night event. KILL TONY. Live from the HEB Center. Get a Ninja bus and be safe. You don't have to worry about Ubering or drinking and driving on the big New Year's Eve nights, so be smart Ninja buses.com.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. There's nothing sweeter than baking cookies during the holidays with Prime, I get all my ingredients delivered right to my door, fast and free. No last minute store trips needed. And of course, I bless my favorite holiday playlist on Amazon Music. It's the ultimate soundtrack for creating unforgettable memories from streaming to shopping. It's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into.


70,000 people are here. And then Bob Dylan is the reason for it. Inspired by the true story, if Anyone is gonna hold your attention on the stage, you have to kind of be a freak. Are You a freak? Hope So. And starring Timothy Shaima as Bob Dylan. He defied everyone, turn it down. Play live. To change everything. Make some noise. Big d, Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, El Fannick, Monica Barbero. A complete unknown only in theater's. Christmas Day. Rudy Dar Under 1790 minute without par.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from the Bill Simmons podcast Here to tell you about Michelob Ultra Courtside. It's getting fans closer to the NBA with a chance to win prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to Star weekend and much more. Check it out at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ultra superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 and Up begins on October 1st, 2024 ends July 1st, 2025. Multiple entry periods. Visit Michelob Courtside for free. Entry, entry, deadlines and official rules. Message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


Are You guys ready to start? Tonight's episode Every single week? I am two of the funniest people in the world. You know what I love about this month? This is New Guest month here on KILL TONY. And these are two brand spanking new ones. One is a comedy veteran who just moved to Texas from beautiful New York City. The other is one of the most famous streamers in the world who came to visit the show last week. The whole staff fell in love with them, and we decided to have him here one week later. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for tonight's guest. It's Dave Landau in Sketch. Oh boy. Oh My God. Dave Landau SKETCH.


Get over here. Sit down buddy. Dave Landau. DAVE LANDAU SKETCH. Oh My goodness. This episode is sponsored by Zip x. DAVE LANDAU is on tour. DAVE LANDAU dot com. Sketch is one of the most famous streamers in the world. Never done standup comedy before in your life. Am I correct? No sir. First time in front of a live audience. Look At that. Excited. This guy's used to just fucking sitting there. No pants on Whatever's going on in the wild world of streamers. I don't know. I don't ever see any of it, but I guess the kids love it. Hey, It's a little more formal, but I am ready to, I came here ready to fuck up.


So I guess we're Nailed it. How about a Hand for SKETCH? His first live audience? You guys are it. That's pretty exciting. DAVE LANDAU a 20 year standup comedy veteran. Quite the opposite. Quite the mix. Here we have Welcome Dave. Thanks For having me. We're Gonna have a lot of fun tonight. I'm looking forward to it. Very funny, man. I've seen us stand up a new resident to Texas. Am I correct? I've been in Dallas for a while. Oh, I've been coming to Austin finally, which is its own state, so I like Exactly. Isn't that the truth? We're gonna have a wild time tonight. Over 250 human beings signed up for this bucket. Oh Jesus. I just, 12 names on the fucking thing.


Anything can happen. I've been doing a thing where I have an audience member. Pick the first name. You have a great KILL TONY shirt on, sir. Go right ahead. Guy in a Philadelphia Eagles hoodie over here. What do we got? Let's do it. That looks fine. Not inside. Go wrangle 'em. And while they wrangle that comedian from across the street, let me remind You guys that that bucket pool gets 60 seconds. Everyone does. You know their time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts them. And then I conduct an interview. We have fun with them. We figure out what else is interesting about them. What else could they joke about? Is that how their set always goes? Anything can happen.


That's always wild. The whole thing's improvised. You guys ready to start? Tonight's episode? Yay. Let's start it with a very special time everybody. This young lady was made the most recent Golden Ticket winner just two or three weeks ago, and this is her first scheduled brand new minute on the show. We're all very excited. The youthful, the powerful, the brand spanking new first scheduled appearance. Make some noise for Golden Ticket winner The KILL TONY Re debut of aa. Ladies and gentlemen, aa starting off the show.


I'm in college. College is cool. I like it because it's a time where you can learn things about yourself. Like I recently found out that I'm asexual. Okay, I'm, I'm asexual, so I'll sleep with any of my professors for a good grade. Except if they're women. I'm a straight A student. No. Yeah, a straight A student. A lot of girls by age have sugar daddies. I don't know. I couldn't do it. It doesn't seem right. Like my dad also has diabetes, but I would never sell his insulin to pay rent.


I, I'm like too scared of reaching for one of the needles and then it pokes me. And now I have diabetes. I can't afford diabetes. $35 for a pair of socks. No thank you. No, I'm broke. I'm so broke The other day I Googled how to make gas at home. Step one is to control Afghanistan. So, okay. Thank You guys. Aa, the new newest golden ticket winner with a brand new minute. Aa. Where are you going to college?


Aa Well, I just graduated. I wrote that joke while I was in college, but I was at ut, I just finished there. Nice. Yeah. Hell yeah. What did you, what did you study there? I studied film. Oh, cool. So I didn't do a lot of learning, but it's nice to walk around the campus and stuff. They, I like, they have hammocks and stuff, so Hell yeah. You can relax. Sounds pretty chill. Is that expensive college or do you get like a scholarship? No, I went for free. So the government Thank you. Government. Absolutely. Absolutely. The federal government, was it the state government? I think it was a little bit of both. So ut gives out like a, they're really generous.


Yeah. Really generous people out there at to People like you. Yeah, that, yeah. They've told me I'm special in a lot of ways. They really have. Yeah. They like the, 'cause I'm a woman, so they like, they want you there and stuff. Did you ever do anything for extra scholarship money? Like wear a burka or drag a rainbow flag around or protest or anything? I I, you, I had to do that stuff in high school. No. Yeah, I used to do that stuff in high school. I love It. So you weren't googling gas because you're Palestine? No, I actually don't even use Google that often. Awesome. It was just a joke.


I thought you was gonna say, I don't even use gas. I thought you had an electric car. You have electric car energies. What Kind of car do you have? Oh, I Know, I have a, like a gas car. Oh, Very good. Yeah. It's a Toyota. Hell yeah. Japanese SKETCH. What are you thinking over here? I see you Just so a asexual. It is. What, what do you think about me then? Are you actually asexual? You could probably Google that one. I don't know if anyone's been on Twitter. And why? I actually, I actually like, thought I was asexual at one point, but I, I like had an eating disorder, so I was like severely malnourished.


So maybe just try eating more. I, I like, I like 'em all different, every, all different types. So whatever you get. I don't Die. That's sweet. Actually, Your uncle can't hurt you anymore. Speaking of all different types, does your dad really have diabetes? Yeah, he does type two. So it was his fault. Amazing. Yeah, He deserves it. What do you think it was that gave him type two? Does he, So my dad is like obsessed with honey. So he got it from like honey and then like dates, like the, the Arab like dried fruit, which is so lame.


He doesn't like eat cakes or sugar. It's just natural sugars that gave it to him. Wow. Honey and dates. It's amazing. Those are red band's. Healthiest snacks. Amazing. Oh bother. There you go. That's my business partner. Everybody. The old Harry Potter. Time to shave your potter down for He is Harry. You'll figure it out. I can't wait. I can't wait any second now. It's gonna all make sense. I, I love it.


What else? Anything else before we let you go? Anything else crazy going on in life? Yeah, my dad has like this guy living in his backyard. Whoa. And he's like, he keeps giving him tasks to do around our backyard. Like my dad has like a white slave basically. Amazing. And it's, he is like on meth or something and he just hangs out and he's been building a fence for my parents for like three months. Those are called Mexicans? No, No. This guy. 'cause my dad, like, he doesn't, he doesn't know Spanish and he doesn't know English very well. So him communicating with someone who doesn't speak English at this would be really tough.


But, so he likes white labor, so. Wow. So the guy sleeps in your dad's backyard. So I don't really, I don't live with him, but he's always there when I'm there. And sometimes he disappears for a little bit. When my dad says every time he pays him he disappears for three days. Wow. Amazing. That's called a drug addict. That is incredible. Well, very interesting stuff. Have you ever talked to this guy in your dad's backyard? No. I gave him cake the other day. He got really happy. Wow. Yeah. Your dad's just like, God, I wish that was me.


Yeah. Yeah. He couldn't have his life. Diabetic father. Yeah. Diabetes. Does he still use honey? Does he Still? Yeah. He can't get over it like the, every single night. Even if he's good all day, he'll like binge a bunch of dates before he goes to bed. Wow. Or like he'll, like I've walked on him just spoon. By the way, red band posted on Instagram at 4:00 AM last night. A moldy Wendy's burger that he ate. He both complained about the burger and also ate. What'd you eat? Half of it. What's it? Moldy. It was burn. The bread was burnt. Yeah. No, the bread. No, the whole burger was burnt. That's, that's what you were complaining about.


Yeah. Yeah. But you also said something about mold. What was that? No. 'cause last time I had a problem with Wendy's, it was moldy. Yeah. And you complain online every time you get late night drunk fast food. Yes. And it's not good. Yeah. You, Yeah. A wildly successful podcaster goes online to complain. But do they ever give you what you want after that? Does that ever pay off? Is Wendy's ever like here's fucking 20 bucks or something, dude. Yeah. Oh yeah. All the time. Really? Yeah. Yeah. And that's what you do it for? It's Fun man. It's like coupon clipping, You know It's, Oh My God.


Do you ever clip coupons? No. No. But I use coupon codes online. You know, where's my honey voice at? Okay. Okay. Aa way to get this show started. Amazing stuff. I love it. We're gonna all watch her grow together. A Star is born here on KILL TONY. The KILL TONY. First ever scheduled, set by aa. Everybody. Oh Snap. Heidi has arrived. Everybody make some noise for Heidi And we make the big switch to the bucket everybody. This is where shit gets wild. Sometimes we're meeting somebody that we've never seen before.


Sometimes it's the return of somebody that's been on years ago, maybe months ago, maybe a couple weeks ago. Anything can happen. Your first bucket, pull of the night. 60 seconds uninterrupted goes to Matt Walker. Everybody. Matt Walker. Oh shit. It's Matt Walker. Oh My God. Make some notes for Matt. Everybody. Hey, How's it going everybody? So I recently got kicked out of the hair club for men 'cause I recently shaved my head, but it's okay 'cause I've been asked to join some other clubs. I think because of my algorithm I've been asked to join pool leagues, like the Q Balls and stuff like that. But I reached out to Make a Wish because it looks like I'm now suffering for cancer and I won't be able to make my next minute because I'll be going to Disney World with Joe Rogan.


So, but yeah, things have been changing for me. I used to have a crazy just comb over. So it's been just opening my eyes to, to new things. I was just on on last week. So my episode hasn't came out yet. So I had a joke that was kind of relevant to that, but I was kind of going with it. It was something that needed to be caught brought to my attention, You know, that I needed to shave my head. At first I thought Tony might've been being a little mean and insensitive, but sometimes it takes to take a good hard look in the mirror that nobody close to you will tell you that. You know, maybe it's time for Puerto Rico to shave their fucking head. Thank you. That doesn't make any sense at all, but thanks.


That's adorable. Matt Walker. Thanks guys. Thank you. So let me give a little context to this bucket pool. The odds of this happening are absolutely insane. Yeah. I didn't expect Matt was on last week. So and so. Matt came out with the world's most diabolically. You just have to take my word for it. It was the worst haircut you've ever seen in your entire life. Barely anything was left. And I mean, it was just fucking, it's like if I took this on a bald head and just made like 11 lines, I swear to God it was like combed down like to here to make it look like.


Yeah, it looked like a Sharpie at one point. Like an egg group like swoop. What's amazing Matt is you should have waited until I know, bro, the odds of this happening. Yeah. That's are beyond insane. People think that this show, I've heard rumors that the show is fucking like produced and that the bucket pools are fake. If it was, this wouldn't be happening right now. Yeah. Not to cut you off. I actually told Red band that last week because the guy with the beard and the cowboy hat, how he comes on, he's been on multiple times and stuff. And you Told red band what? That It doesn't seem so random that maybe like, it's not all like bucket pools or whatever, but I mean it Yeah, it's, it's completely random. Well, it clearly is. If you would've waited, I should have though another couple weeks you would be a star. All these people would know you. Yeah. And they'd be like, oh shit.


Yeah, I know bro. I Know you got a little excited here and you did all your, I don't have hair jokes. And they're like, yeah, so what? Yeah, No, I hear you. No, I hear you. But you, the timing of it. Didn't I tell you I was just gonna put you up in a Month. Yeah. That too as well. And you couldn't wait. Yeah, well I was just here but bro, I mean, it was in the chances of me being pulled outta the bucket. I know. I've heard people say this shit and it's like, man, why are you saying that? You know? Maybe just don't sign up. You know what I'm Saying? Yeah. Don't sign up. Yeah, exactly, bro. That's what I'm saying. I hear You. No, I hear you. You would've been a star. Well, I, that would've been a huge set. Hopefully it'll still kind of carry, I mean, I couldn't just Get Up on it, You know, it'll resonate. It'll resonate with the people at home. Yeah, yeah. That's for sure. But these people are like, who gives a fuck about your bald head?


Dude, I was aware of it. So what, what else? Do another joke. But you people are gonna see. Yeah, you're gonna see this guy. The only time in the show's history in which we insisted on shaving somebody's head, I would just say to give me a little break. Like I did come, not that it was great, there were great, it was great material. But I did, that was only in like five, four or five days that I was coming up with all these, my head's just been spinning, bro. Trying to come up with ideas. Well, it's much easier to spin now with a Yeah. Spin on top. The old soft top you got up there. But yeah, just, I appreciate, I appreciate the opportunity you gave me last week. All Right. Jelly roll, relax. Jesus Christ.


Fucking acceptance speech over here. Look at your fucking, the, the carpet matches the drapes down there. So Matt, have you thought about anything that we didn't talk about in our, in your interview last week? That might be interesting. No, but yesterday I just got pulled over with an invalid license and they, the cop would not give me a break, bro. He told my shit and I had to wait. You had an invalid license? Yeah, Because my, and it's really just because the DMV, they don't have enough people to give you a, a new license. He was a complete just jerk about it. Dude, my birthday was on the 16th of November, so my license is, You know, need to be expired. Yeah. Expired. Not like suspended or Anything.


On November 16th. He didn't let you off? No, dude, he was a jerk. Where was this? Garden Ridge? Texas. It's right outside of slo. He was an, he was an Asian cop, short Asian cop dude. Like, I, I I, it's relevant bro. He was a short Asian cop. He was A jerk. Even his supervisor came and was like, this guy's a jerk. I was like, bro, you want me to meet me in the middle? Like I cannot. His supervisor came, he made Him give me a break and then he hated it, dude. He like walked away like, You know, because his supervisor's like, you need to give that a warning. That's bull bullshit, You know? Right. My dad had to come pick me up. Yeah, dude. They told my shit. I got it down an hour. He was like, he was trying to time me up. I was like, bro, I'm gonna get it out today. Like, you're not gonna, and I'm broke right now. It was like my last three, 400 bucks. But You know, it's, it's just another bump in the road.


Dude. I've been watching videos and shit lately about like how some of these things are gonna make you stronger, more resilient, You know what I'm saying? So it's all Jelly Roll bro. That Is, I think Jelly Roll was one of 'em, one of those videos. I don that Is pretty Jelly Roll, not to be confused. Egg Roll that wanted to arrest you yesterday. So your car got towed and you had to get it out on? Yeah, I got it out. I called 'cause it's Sunday bro. He was trying to, dude, he was trying to get me tied up. What does that mean tied up To you? What is it like, just trying to hinder me? I guess he was just trying to make my, make my life hard, bro. You know, This is like a small Texas town.


Yes sir. Yeah. I actually do work for a lady that lives in Garden Ridge, who, she's probably like the, not the, I mean she's got a Ferrari in her garage and all this shit. She's a rich ass lady. But What do you do for this lady? It is just kind of have a little vibe to it. You know, she's an older lady, but what Do you do with this lady? Dude, she has me do every like, she's like a Martha Stewart type bro. She has me do bring down all her Christmas decorations outta the garage. Like from her. Have you been building a fence for some guy? I think we're figuring this out slowly. Building fences for diabetic brown people out there. Alright. Matt Walker. Well we met you last week. Yes sir. You already have a joke book.


You have a new outlook on life. I was gonna give you a spot in a few weeks, but you just fucking did it. Nah, come on. We still do that one. Right? Okay. Well Stop signing up. You're a lucky. Fuck. So stop signing up. All right. I think the universe wants it, bro. Jelly. You know, jelly roll. Okay. Get outta here. There goes Matt Walker. Jesus Christ. Wait till You guys know What happened. Yeah, you're, you're not going to believe it. It's literally, it's proof that the show's not set up. I do believe.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by Game time guys. You know, I love live events and when I go to live events, I make sure to use the best ticketing site in the industry. Game time. Game time has a new feature called Game Time Picks that makes getting tickets for your favorite live events, even easier Game time picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Red Band Tony Game Time is the best. They're the best ticketing game in town. I just found a super deal with Game Time picks for Goose. You know Goose, they're great. Yeah. At the Moody Center it's so easy to pick your seats, add them to your cart and check out. I personally love the seat views before you buy in addition to the lowest price, guaranteed. No Doubt about it. With Game time picks, curation makes it easier to save more on sports, concerts, comedy and theater. Plus, they're all in pricing that shows the total upfront with no surprise fees at checkout. Game time also has the best ticket coverage. Your purchase is covered with the most flexible customer service policy in the ticketing industry. So take the guesswork out of buying concert tickets with Game time. Download the Game time app, create an account and use code. KILL TONY for $20 off your first purchase. Terms of apply again, create an account redeem code KILLTONY for $20 off. That's why download Game time today. What time is it? It's Game time.


The 2025 Ford Explorer St. Has a 400 horsepower engine. It's up to you what you do with that power. The 2025 Ford Explorer. It's all in the name Horsepower and torque ratings based on premium fuel per SAEJ 1 3 4 9 standard. Your results may vary. Alright, your next bucket poll, Ladies and gentlemen, goes by the name of Danny V. Danny V is the next on KILL. TONY. Here we go. Thank you. Thank you. So I am aware that I look like one of Joe Rogan's sperm. I look like an Opa lupa that joined the Nazis.


So there was this, the the reason I think, I think the reason why police officers don't have turtles as pets is you can't kneel on their necks. I saw this, this homeless guy, homeless guy with a sign that said hot, hungry and homeless. It's like, that's pretty self-absorbed. If you think you're that sex, you just have some sex and get out of poverty. I mean, if Kamala Harris did it, why didn't, why can't you? I think the, the only reason why white guys, state black women is to ensure that their kids don't have bigger or that do have bigger dicks than them.


Sorry, I fucked that up. That's my time. All right. Danny B, this is your first time on the show. Danny, on the show. Yes. Welcome. How long you been doing standup? About A year. About a year. Where? At Vegas. Okay. Welcome. Welcome. One year and Las Vegas. What do you do for a living, Danny? Sorry, what was that? What Do you do? What do you do for a living? For a Living? I just moved to Austin. So right now I've been doing door DoorDash. You've been doing DoorDash? Okay. Do you eat the food? No, I, I'm a good DoorDash, Good door Dasher. Do you, do they give You guys ratings?


Yes, they do. Okay. Yeah. You ever deliver late night? Wendy's to Me and Red Ben have a straight up line. He just text me whenever he needs it. Wow. You even knew what I was talking about there. That's incredible. I love it. So Danny, you've been doing it a year. What made you come here today? I mean the show and the comedy opportunities that are out here in Austin? Yeah. You're visiting for a few days? No, I live out here now. Oh, nice. So you were in Vegas. When did you move to Austin? About Four weeks ago. Four weeks ago. What's your living situation like? I live in my car. You Live in your car? Yeah.


Okay. Where you been parking it at nighttime. That's something I always like to ask people that live in their car. It's a tricky situation out here. I park it in like a gym parking lot. Okay. Yeah. You have a gym membership? Yes. All right. That's how I shower, get Off places. Seems Very pro-police with the George Floyd joke. Yeah, there's no, I don't, I don't know. Do cops not have turtles? Is that a thing? I Mean, I've never seen one with one, so I mean it would just, the connection makes sense to me. Have you ever seen an Asian cop before? I mean you never see them with cats now, do they?


What do you do for fun? Danny V. So just like a lot of outdoor stuff, like hikes, walk around, do shit like that. I listen to comedy, try to do that. Okay. All right. And what kind of car is it that you live in? It's a 2015 Hyundai accent. 2015 Hyundai Accent. I love it. Okay. So were you born and raised in Vegas? Born And raised in Vegas. How does That happen? What are your parents like? I've always wondered that. How does someone Get born in Vegas? So my mom is a recovering addict. Yeah, addict, alcoholic. And my dad, my real dad is, is in prison. He's been in prison since I was three years old.


I like that one. You have a, you have a little Vegas? We have a little Vegas soundboard Jack. I love it. So your real dad has been in prison? Yeah, since I was three. For what? He murdered a guy and then, Oh There you go. Wow. Do You know the context of the murder? Can you describe what happened? Yeah, So both my parents were using pretty heavily like meth and like, kind of crazy shit like that. And then one day he came home and broke my mom's nose. So, so she, she took me, Yeah, she, She took me to like one of her friend's house and she had like two guys like sleeping over 'cause she was like kind of scared and my real dad was understanding.


Oh that's a great idea. Nothing makes a guy that'll punch you in the nose happier than two fucking dudes at the house. Right? Well I mean That's, do You know why he punched her in the nose in the first place? Just outta curiosity. I mean I never really asked my mom just Only good at cooking meth and not Food. It sounds like a She fucked up the meth while she was Cooking. Sounds like a wild house. Maybe it is better. You live in your car so, okay. Punches are in the nose. You don't know why. Go to a house with two dudes And then, And then, so he was drinking and drugging that whole night and then he kind of like stalked her and saw that there were two dudes there. He thought she was fucking them.


Yeah. And he broke in, killed one guy and then stabbed another guy in the shoulder and Okay. Alright. Paralyzed his arm. Paralyzed. He's his arm's still paralyzed. Yeah. Wow. Have you ever met that guy? I have not. Have you ever Been, when you do make sure to shake the right hand. I'll just play with the other one. Like Yeah, get fucked up. What did he do to the other guy? Stabbed him in the heart. How did the one guy get off of just a shoulder? So I like after like the one guy, like he was just dead and I think he like stabbed him in the heart a couple times that'll do it and Stops the heart from beating and pumping blood easier to clean up the mess.


I gotcha. It was pretty messy. It was a pretty messy experience. Yeah, but sounds like it. Yeah. So like after he stabbed the, like the second guy, like the house woke up and he like, he dipped and he just went to a bar after and just like drank until the cops came. Wow. Yeah, I love that. People were mad they got woken up. Yeah, just when things couldn't get any worse. I'm just trying to get some goddamn sleep around here. Did you stop the kitchen stabbings? Is that where it was? Was it in the kitchen? I feel like it was in the kitchen. No, he, he stabbed him in different bedrooms. Oh. Were any of them sleeping with your mom? No. Wow. That is fucked up.


Redband with a wise observation over here. That's fucked up. Yes. That is fucked up. Unbelievable. So he was in prison when you were three. Do you go visit him sometimes? I visited him once when I was like 12 and I really like just had, Do they have anything fun in a Vegas prison? I mean, even at their airports They have vending machines where you could buy like whole mini pizzas. Like the red bear. Did you have a pizza there? I did have a pizza there. Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah, I did amazing. And it was good. It was decent, You know, it was like the red bear once. Did your dad ever ask you for money or anything? No, he, I haven't talked to him in like 10 years.


And he has a life sentence, right? No, he actually has, I wanna say like 20 more years. Oh Wow. Yeah. So, okay. Not bad. He'll Find you. Yeah, That's actually, that's a big worry that my mom has is that he's gonna come out and finish the job. No really? Does he, Does he know that they weren't fucking them? Like does he go, shit, I fucked up. Like has, has He changed? I mean he, like the one time I did talk to him, he like tried To stab you. The one time he talked to him, He like, he expressed that like he was sorry and like he wished he could take stuff back and he was just like not in the right state of mind. I mean it was all messed up and stuff so.


Right. Yeah, exactly. And you haven't talked to him since you were 12? I talked to him probably like, like a decade ago. So probably like when I was 20. That was about it. Yeah, it's a shame you can't make a phone call to prison whenever you want. That would be great. I could tell him to call back next time. Yeah, we'll figure it out. So Danny, is DoorDash the end all be all for you? What do you, What type? Hell no dude. What type of job are you looking for? What do you wanna get Into? So like ultimately I do want to be a comedian. Right? But like the backup plan is to be like a plumber or electrician. Do you have talents in those fields? I mean, I'm mechanically inclined. I was in the Army National Guard. I didn't deploy or anything so I don't deserve like any credit, but, okay.


Yeah. Thank you. What did you do there? Oh wow. There you go. A little stubby middle finger for you. Okay. Well if anyone needs an electrician or a plumber in Austin, I mean I'm open to any job. I'm pretty versatile. Yeah, Yeah. Okay, well There you go. How can people find you? I mean you wanna plug my Instagram or what do you Sure. What is that good for you? Yeah. Okay, go ahead. Comedian. Danny V. There you go. Comedian Danny B. He's only a year in living out of his car. Seems like a nice guy. Seems like he's got his life together.


A lot of common sense. Good answers. There he goes. Danny B and Danny, Danny, Danny. Even though the performance was just okay, you got a lot, a lot of work to do. So here's a big joke book for you Danny B everybody. Alright, your next bucket pull goes by the name of Mason Davis. Everybody we're moving along. Make some noise for Mason. Here we go. Mason Davis, everybody. Here he is. One more time for Mason. Used to live with a couple guys that are super into like Star Wars and Marvels Marvel.


Don't get me wrong, those are great movies, but do You guys know how hard it is to get laid when your front door mat says All Jedi is welcome? Like I thought we were friends, man. Whose side are you on? I don't know. It was a nice brand new apartment. I wanted to show it off, but it was just decorated like it was the set of the 40-year-old virgin. It was really unfortunate. Did You guys know that pussy dehumidifiers are a real thing? Turns out it was actually just my apartment. I don't know. I recently found out that my neighbor is a black, beautiful queen and I'm not the smoothest with the ladies, but I finally worked up the courage to go and introduce myself. I went up, talked to her, said my name, she said her name back and then a bee started flying around her head and she screamed and took off running.


Now if you're just walking your dog across the street, enjoying your morning, you can't see a fucking bee. You just see a, you just see a white man and a black lady having a conversation and she takes off running. Like, I don't know. I, we did finally hook up recently though, but I let her peg me, but it was only like reparations. All right. Mason Davis. There it is. Okay, let's talk about it. Is, is any of that true? Is it a black? Really? You have a black beautiful queen neighbor? I do. That part is true. I didn't let her peg me though. Right. We didn't hook up, I should Say. Right. Okay.


Okay. How long have you been doing standup? About a year and a half. Year and five months. All of it here in Austin? No, I just moved here September. From where? Oregon. Okay. Portland or out in the middle of nowhere. Out in the middle of nowhere. I was living about an hour and a half south of Portland. So I was driving up there like once a week. Yeah, that's The true middle of nowhere. This has been a very meth, heavy episode so far. Everyone has had some almost direct correlation to meth in some way, either with their parents or fixing fences or something. You were close to a lot of meth there in the middle of Portland, am I correct? I didn't live there, but yes. Driving through, you'd see a bunch on the road. Okay. On the road.


People Dropping back on the road You would see a lot of methy type of characters. Oh yeah. What do you do for work Mason? Right now I work at Boot Barn. Okay. How did you get into boot barn? I went there with my dad when I first moved here. He was looking for a pair of boots and was like, this would be a pretty good Okay. Pretty good job. And so, And they're like, you have no experience with boots but you're white. Perfect for the job. There you go. All right guys, what do we think about Mason Davis? Oh, so the black queen was 'cause of the bee? Yeah. Good, good question. I was Kind of just wondering the joke and I'm not insulting you.


Yeah. You're just wondering what the fuck. Yeah, no, I agree with Dave on this. I noticed that he laughed and I laughed both at your setup. Yeah, I like this. A combined 38 years of standup experience between me and Dave and you both had us giggling at the setup and then it kind of went nowhere. Did you do look like somebody who would marry a black woman? And people are like, why the fuck are they together? Like, have you ever seen those people? Yeah. Yeah. And then you have one of those weird white blondie freckle fucking creeps. I mean that the, that No one wants.


Did you try with her? Did you try Mason? Did I try hooking up with her? Did you? Yeah. I mean, yeah, I'm just, I, like I said, I'm not that good with talking to girls, so just introducing myself was the a big step. Can You do, can you look straight out there and say exactly what you said to her? Yeah. What a bitch For a second. I thought that was it. Okay. Look out there and give us an example of what you said to this beautiful black queen.


My name is Mason. I just moved here. What's your name? Oh hell no. What the fuck? Creepy ass motherfucker looking like all the characters of friends mashed together. My, My rent's gonna go up. Have you ever been with a black woman before? I have not, No. Have you been with a white woman before? I have. When's the last time you were with a white woman? Ooh. Oh, like three or four years ago. Wow. Why do you think that is? Mason. Damn. Yeah. Oh that hurt. Yeah. I think you gotta get rid of that Jedi fucking doormat.


Yeah, That's Why I moved. That's why I moved. Yeah. That is amazing. So now you live here? Yes. And do you have roommates still? Nope. You live by yourself? Yep. Hyundai? No, I got an apartment. How are you able to afford that Boot barn And I saved a good, I used to be a welder and so I saved up a couple of bucks before I moved. How much did you save? Exactly. I'm always so interested when people tell me they saved money. This isn't unorthodox show. It's not normally a common thing to ask somebody how much money they saved, but this is that type of show. Just outta my own curiosity. Can I guess? Yeah. I'm gonna say you saved $8,500.


I wish it was about 5,000. Damn Man. I appreciate the the guest though. Working At a Texas boot barn. Like what's your most common question from somebody? Like which one of These is usually best for? Usually it's in Spanish, kicking Them over the border. Oh, it's for fence climbing? No, it's usually just like a bunch of, 'cause it depends on the people that come in. 'cause some people like have worn boots before, so they're just looking for a certain thing and some people are like, I have never worn boots before. Whores. What do you think made You I was being nice. What do you think made you wanna be a standup comedian Mason?


I just, I used to like, I made all my friends laugh and I really enjoyed that and then I just Realized Do you have any childhood trauma? No. Parents are happy altogether? Yeah. No murders or anything? No. Nothing at all. You just made your friends in Oregon laugh? Yeah, And I was getting good and I was getting better at standup when I was doing it, but I wasn't doing it that much. So I Was like doing a lot of spots here in Austin. Trying What do you mean by trying, what does that mean? I'm hitting A lot of open mics. I haven't been Right. Is that working for you? Yeah. Okay. Getting better. Writing more. I love it. What else do you do for fun? Mason? I'm just trying to figure out the city. 'cause I moved here pretty recently.


This is my first time living in a big city and it's, it's a little overwhelming at first, but it it, I've been falling in love with it. I've been trying to figure out where the cool little spots are and fentanyl dealers. Yeah. What part is was overwhelming? Can you gimme an example of the overwhelming part? Like in Albany where I'm from, there's not a street that shuts down for bars. There's maybe one bar, one or two bars. And so when I came down to that the first night I was like, this is degeneracy. And it was, it was awesome. I loved it. Yeah, It is lovely. I love it too. Well Mason, very good fun times.


Anything else we should know about you before I get you outta here? I crashed a motorcycle. My buddy's motorcycle. How did that Happen? I, I was driving in the, in the at night and I didn't know that the turn or the road turned and I just went straight. Oh Shit. Into a field and, but we're doing good now. So Did you get hurt? I split my knee open like knee kneecap. Like volcano out and you could like see my knee cap. Oh wow. But didn't break anything, so call it lucky. Did was the motorcycle totaled? Yeah. And it wasn't even mine. That was the worst part. So how did you pay your friend back? I Just paid for it. You just paid for it straight up. How much was that? I Think it was like 1600.


1700? Okay. What kind of motorcycle? It was a Jer Jer. 600 Sounds racist. Yeah. All right Mason. Well it is. It has begun for you. Welcome to Austin, Texas. There's a little joke book. Mason Davis.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry with LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Did You know the parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on your kids spending with realtime notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/spotify.


Let's get one more bucket. Pull up here. This young man's been on this show a few times. One week ago, one week ago, he said to me at Mitzi's, the bar connected to the mothership. He said to me, I'm ready. I'm ready for another minute. I go, why are you telling me this? He goes, I just wanna let You know I'm ready. I go, don't tell me. Just keep signing up and show me the bucket of destiny has spoken. Wow. He has been pulled out of a bucket. Out of 250 people.


Let's see how it goes. This is a new minute from Michael Ridley. I've been going to the gym recently. It's like a new thing for me. Like the last two weeks I've had a DHD. So it's like hard to stick to a routine and I've only been going for two weeks and I'm realizing I'm already encountering like an ego problem. Like I'm finding myself shirtless in the mirror, listening to Beethoven after a workout and I can hear an ego demon gassing me up from the back. And he's saying things like, Look at what you have become.


Look at what you have become. They used to make fun of you. You used to wear your t-shirt in the pool with your little Asian nipples poking through. But soon my child, soon the moon will encapsulate the sun and the king will take his rightful place upon the throne. Really? Yes, my child. Yes. There is a god locked away inside of you and we will set him free.


See, I've just been trying to get healthier and shit. There you go. Full minutes. 16 seconds from Michael Ridley. Hey, what's up Tony? How are you dude, What are you running this thing? I love it. How are you buddy? I'm doing good man. I'm freaking out. Fucking What's up brother? Hey, what's up bro? It is good to see you dude. Good to see You too. Okay, Michael. I'm happy. Yeah, I can tell you're very happy. Yeah, I'm super happy dude. Alright, relax Michael. Let's jump right into it. How do you feel like that went when you were randomly coming up to me telling me that you're so ready? Is that how you thought it would go? Huh? No, not at all.


I thought it was gonna be way better than that. I've been closing on that one for a while and it gets big pops. It's always like the really, You know what I mean? I'm also like, have a lot of nerves. I just, your boy, I don't know what the fuck happened Tony, but I was a little thick and I just finally feel good enough to come outta the house and happy. What do you mean thick? Sick as hell? Like, I don't know bro. I was like you were sick. Yeah, I was. I've been letting people hit my vape, Tony. And don't do that around here. Everybody's fucking eating booty hole and spreading disease and Shit. All right. Michael, Michael, Michael, stick over here. Your Fucking water next to me. I'm sorry Dave. How long have you been sick for? You're sweating like an AIDS patient. Yeah, I've, I have hyperhydrosis.


How dare you dude. Okay, Michael. So how long have you been sick for? What have your symptoms been? Probably covid, I don't know. Probably some new shit. Definitely. That's, That's not what I asked you at all. How long have you been sick for? Long? I've sick for, I've been sick for like, I've been sick for like two or three days. I've just been in the crib for three days. Yeah. And then you decided to come out tonight in public around a bunch of people who can't get sick? No, no, no. I'm fine. I'm good. I promise you Don't look fine. I always look kind of sick. Like ever since COD you can't be a sweaty Asian guy in public. Like you just, you just always look like That is true. I've always been sweaty, like, and I've always been a sweaty guy, but, So you feel great today.


I feel so good Today, but I'm, I'm being serious. No symptoms at all this. No, No, no. I'm good. I'm good. Okay. I've just been in the house. I'm happy to be outta the house. You ever been locked up in the crib sick and now you're like, I want to be social. Yeah. You say a lot of stuff in between questions. Sorry Tim, do you really have little Asian nipples? You said that during your study. Is that true? Nah, they're big and brown. Dude. They fucking Are they? Yeah. I got some brown areolas. I got some fat boy nipples dude. Really? Dinner plates? Huh? Dinner plates? No more of like a, probably like a half dollar. Oh, not bad. Yeah, not super big but not super small either. How was, how was the hair on those things?


Fucking, How is the hair on those things? Oh My God. The world wants to know. I have to fucking dude. I shave 'em. I have to shave 'em. They're so sporadic. I have like Asian fibers right there. They come off of 'em. They like, they'll thread through my shirt sometimes. How many of you wanna see these hairy Asian nipples? Hey, we've been talking about him. It's that time he is been going to the gym. Let's see what happens here Ladies and gentlemen. Whoa, look at that. That demon is full of shit. Soon the king Will take the Throne. What the fuck is this demon seeing?


Yeah, the the whole joke is that I'm still kind of fucking fat as fuck. Hell yeah. You look like a fucking bag of rice. Ah, I wasn't, I wasn't really expecting much from a guy that goes to the gym with Bobby Lee. Hey, They always do that. Yeah, everybody does that. So Michael Ridley. Yeah. What else is going on in life? Have you really been going to the gym? I was for a little bit, but then dude, I fucking, I was sober for like two years. I started drinking again dude. Oh, Is that what happened last week when you came up to me and said you're ready that you're gonna do so good? I fucking relapse. Hey, You know Now it's all making sense.


I got to witness a real life relapse then. I didn't. I didn't. I wouldn't really call it a relapse. More of a return. It's the same thing dude. If you can't drink, dude, what the fuck are you doing dude? Like if you can't drink and keep it together, what's wrong with you? What? Are you gay? I don't know. Can you keep it together? I think I've been doing pretty Good. Do you think every comedian after a Monday night taping comes up to me and goes, just to let You know I'm fucking ready. You think that's what I do all night after the tapings is just field comedians going. I'm ready. Your boy was like four or five crowns deep like Yeah. Chaddy. Yeah. So was I. And I was bored as fuck as the conversation.


Last thing I wanna do while trying to fucking drink my sorrows away is have fucking sweaty little fucking Asian men. Ready when you are. Are you dear rah? That's me SKETCH. I'm doing that. I'm doing that Sketch. Sketch is looking around. SKETCH has puppy like behavior sometimes just like What's that? Just wants to see those Asian nips again. Yeah, they run it back. They are big with when you have glasses that thick. Those are big Asian nips. They are, they're medium to us. Meaty. Just, just by type though. That's right. Absolutely. I thought you quit all that.


No. Making a return too. Hey, Hey. Return of the dragon Michael Ridley. Congratulations. You got pulled out of the bucket again. There he goes. Michael Ridley every, everybody getting to watch a man relapse in real time. That'll be a story to follow. Alright Ladies and gentlemen, it is that time one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. An international superstar. I present to you a brand new minute from the one and only Cam Patterson.


I'm, I'm glad y'all like that little gag 'cause I'm, I am not ready, I'll tell you that much this this minute. It's funny 'cause I've been trying to figure this minute out and I don't know how to tell it for real. All I know is I used to be a bully, right? I used to hurt people a little bit when I was in elementary school and middle school and shit like that. And I would get suspended all the time. And one day they wanted to call my parents but they didn't understand that I was getting, I was doing all this bullying 'cause my parents aren't the best parents in the world, You know what I'm saying? And she wanted to call my dad real bad. And I was sitting in the office and she was looking at me scolding me and stuff. And she called my dad. She put him on speaker phone and my dad was talking to her. She was like, your your son's a bad person. He's a, he's gonna get expelled because he's bullying other students.


He hit somebody with a baseball bat, you need to talk to him. And then my dad just went, Hey Cam, stand up. And I was five one at the time and then he just went, who the fuck is he bullying? Bitch midgets and hung up the phone. That's my time show man. Cam Patterson cam's. Dad. I say it all the time. Such a character, such a, such a vat of hilarity to draw from with that. That Really happened bro. I believe it. I swear to God. I know your dad. I know that happened. Very, very funny man. Hell Yeah.


I'm Glad that worked. That shit been bombing all day, nigga. I've been running around. I I was supposed to be, I I was supposed to be here earlier. I I run around a whole bunch of soldiers that eating dicks all day. Well, going up after. Oh look, there he is his dad. Everybody Nigga we got Who put that hat on him? Man, why put that fucking hat on him? Who can't see? It's a gay ass hat man. Who put that hat on? D Madness man. The fuck going on right now, bro. He loves that. The show going the fucking shales right now and then put a gas as hat in front of dag.


It's a bullshit That Is d got a pink hat on. You know that you got a pink hat on D You know what pink is? It's azz. It's bedazzled. This shit, he don't know. Oh. Oh shit. He oh, oh. The don't know colors. Oh fuck. I ain't know that. I forgot he was blind. Oh man. I forgot he was blind. Okay. I was sorry. Still though. Are you gonna give him his damn bass guitar, Josh? What the fuck? Josh, you have two jobs. What the fuck going on right now, man?


Jesus fucking Christ, man. You show Going to shambles, nigga. God damn. This poor guy. He just sits Dee up here to get roasted to death. You have any idea how stupid your head is? Dee's just sitting there like, whoa. What the fuck's going on? You at least give him his, there it is. Oh man. Oh My God. D D Madness is normally an absolute master of style. D Can we get him a mic? Is that mic a part of the thing? Let's, let's use this one here de so that it makes it to the show. This one's This mic Not on the show. Is that on the air? Is Dee's mic on the show? Not on the show. Yeah. Use Use that one it to him.


D Man, is Mics not on the show? That's fucked up. You try to edit those out. Yeah. Matt. Matt, shut the hell up. Yeah, I'm kidding. We're all fucking friends here. D Madness. Yeah, we, we don't often get to talk to you deep and personal. I like a moment like this where it's a little bit off the beaten path. Now, normally for those of you that might not know, or maybe it's your first episode, D Madness is a master of style. I don't know how you pull it off. I don't know what kind of advisors you have or what exactly goes on. Why are you handing him a different mic? What's going, why are you fucking with this poor guy?


So, Dee, can you take us through? What is it like getting ready for like, I mean, how do You know what that hat looks like? I don't. Oh, De come On. Don't give him the autotune mic from the musical performance. Give him a real mic. Dees, come on. Well, happy now. Alright. Very good. Very good. God, man. The show coming. The shambles and shit. Well, I do, I do like the texture of the hat. I don't know what it looks like, but I do like the Hey d, that's all I know is texture. I don It does look like it has great texture.


Yeah, it's, It is a good hat. It actually is cool. It is a little bit pinker than you would wear if you knew what it looked like. One of the most famous homophobes in the show's history, It looks like Tiffany Hat's underwear. Like, eh, thank you. Damn red. Man, that was terrible. It looks like Weird ass reference That if you threw a fanny pack on, you'd look like every older black woman going to Vegas. Well, ain't that wonderful. It's so I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep all this in mind next time I talk. What'd you say? De I'm gonna keep all this in mind next time.


Oh shit. Oh, he's gonna, he's gonna get you back Cam. Next time you, next time you smell funny. You're getting roasted. Lemme tell. Yes, bro, brother, darkness. I'm gonna get You brother. Darkness, he just called you. I, I call him, I call him. I call him darkness. He called me Blacker. So, You know, it switches from time to time. You know what I don, bro. What's up, blacker? What's up? Yeah. Yeah. You know, they all mean the same to me. D Madness. Do you have any final words you'd like to say to Cam Patterson who decided to shift all of this part to you and that roast hat? Actually, this a, hold on. Actually, cam want you to do me a favor.


I want you to look at my t-shirt. Well, most people, how You know what it say? I know what it say. I know what it saying, nigga. You look, nigga. I know what it's saying. Hey, hey. I real shit. I've been beefing with the blind my whole life, nigga. It's kind of crazy. It's a, it's a, when I first started doing Sta it was a blind lady. She was in a wheelchair and they would always bring on stage and shit. And I was hosting the show one time. Alright, all right nigga, hold up. Wait a minute. I'm telling my story now.


I swear to God, goddamn, I'm daddy. Okay, calm down because the world is fucking me up. I read it and say you Big W thank you. But it was a blind lady. It was a blind lady to come to the show. She was in the wheelchair. What a tnt You know, you the closest to me. Right? But she would, she would she, it it's gonna bomb now 'cause it took too long. But she would, I she would always be like, I love him. I love him. 'cause he's so black and he's so short. And I was like, how, You know, I'm short. And she was like, you real close to my ear Because She was in a wheelchair. You know what I'm saying?


And I hate that bitch. I hate her. Hope that bitch never see you again. God damn. We're gonna go to the second most blind person in the room here, Sketch Mike. And she pretty far, pretty far. There you go. Tell him SKETCH. You see real good. Hey, fuck him. Yeah. You what? Whoa. So we go the same level. It's like riling up a retarded kid. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Hey, ah, beat Cam hung out last night and he, and he went the night at my house. No, I didn't. Yes he did. No. Whoa. Hey, he did. Hey. Know the Fuck. Yeah.


Hey, hey, hey. I did not stay the night. I was there for a long time and we drank a little bit, but I had not stay the night. I'm, and then he sent his homeboy to come grab his jacket this morning at tattoo. Wow. Oh man. I knew it was gonna drill. I knew it was gonna look bad. Okay, wait. I'm sorry. You all right? You good? Don't shoot nobody, nigga. All right. Listen. Understand something. Wait. Underst understand. So this a, this a, I'm, I'm glad you brought, this is a good story. This is a funny story. So SKETCH, we did the stream last night and SKETCH gave me a lot of like, gifts and shit. So I wanted to give him something back in return, right? So I gave him my jacket off my back, right?


What do you mean when you say it like that? Listen. So I gave him my jacket off my back, right? And it was my favorite jacket. So I got back in the car with my homeboy, my girlfriend, right? I got back in the car, had to clarify that. Got back in my homeboy and my girlfriend. So I got in the car and I was drunk and I was like, man, it was such a good time, man. But I gave my favorite jacket and I just kept saying that over and over again. And my homeboy is a good friend, also a crazy person. So he went this morning and just got my jacket back and I woke up and it was just in my living room. That's the whole story. Oh, for sure. Sometimes it all gonna gotta have a punch. Hey, hey.


Hey Man. Cam, don't wipe your nose with the towel that you wiped the covid mic with. No, I didn't. I didn't. I did lose. You're gonna get his boat sick. Come on now. Hey. Oh shit. SKETCH is crushing live. That was good. Oh My God. Cam, you're so gay. We're gonna give you D Madness as hat as a gift. Fuck it. Do what you want. What y want, who the fuck you want from me? I wanna note that he's just sitting there shaking his head very disgusted at me right now.


Look at this beautiful black queen we have here. Oh, we're having fun here tonight. How loud can this place get for the always impactful Cam Patterson? One more time for Cam. Everybody the man, the myth and the show goes on Back to the bucket.


At Sierra discovered joyous deals on great gifts for everyone on your list. Like cozy slippers, ski gear, fishing poles, bikes, large kayaks, even larger canoes. Whew, which might lead to another discovery. Robin Gifts is the only sport you need to stay fit this season. Tis the season to discover great gifts at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


When you're on the go and it's time to refresh your energy, grab an ice cold Celsius. Wear zero sugar, seven essential vitamins and proven ingredients. Meet pure refreshment. Unlike traditional energy drinks, each sip of Celsius is a perfect balance of flavor and function. So whether you're hitting the gym, the office, or your next adventure, grab a Celsius at your local retailer or visit celsius.com to learn more.


This guy's been getting on this show for years. This is, we've seen him a lot. Very lucky, lucky man. And he's back again. Make some noise for a new minute from Tim Warner. Always fun styles of Tim Warner. So Trump Was elected President, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yet Biden is still in the White House. Like, I think this is really awkward. Like you ever been in a relationship that ends before the lease does one of, he is on the couch, the other's in the bedroom.


Every time you come out, they're just like, all right, listen. No, come on man. The guy you're with, he's garbage. Hear me out. Just hear me out. Lot of women now apparently are going celibate to protest Trump's election, which I just think is crazy. You know, just when you thought they couldn't get any worse at driving. Oh. Recently saw a sticker for a zen competition. How the hell does this work? I'm at peace. I'm at more peace than you. Alright, that's all I got.


Okay. Tim Warner. Alright. Okay. Hi Tim. Hey man. How's it been going? Ah, Alright. How are you? Good. Good, good. Remind us all, how long you been on standup again? 14 years now. 14 years. Okay. Why? I was gonna say, normally it goes better than that. That's a, that's a, that was something. What do you think went wrong there, Tim? 14 year veteran. Oh, Jesus. Lot of things, dude. But You know. Yeah. Oh, being sober hasn't helped.


Dealing with a lot of shame without like, getting fucked up and escaping reality and just, You know, septic things. That's been, that's been a Bitch. How long have you been sober now? We are on two years and one month We remember that. We remember when you went, went sober. A lot of those initial sober performances were good. Rock solid. Yeah. What do you think's going on with you? You've been going to meetings and stuff. What's happened? Yeah, been doing everything. Yeah. I don't know, just had a, I've had a difficult four months, like I said, just dealing with shame, dude. Like part of, with the clarity, it's like all these new memories of just not being great, not being a good human.


And I don't know, it's like, like in a movie at the end of it when you had the big reveal and it's just like, oh, I thought I was a decent person. It's just like, no, you're kind of a piece of shit your whole life and taking it all on at once, like ev all of the moments, it's just pretty heavy, You know? And it's very tough for me to forgive myself, You know, for the past. It's just tough, You know? Hilarious. Do you forgive your barber Got him. Why would a woman being celibate make her a worst driver?


Did I miss something there? Did I miss like, part of the setup? I could Have. I just think they're really like, at least here, I think a lot of them are aggressive, so I figured not fucking would make 'em even more aggressive. And that would just be double aggressiveness. There's A woman shaking her head yes out there. Yeah. I, as as if though to say that if she wasn't sexually active, she would be a worse driver. I find it to be an interesting take. I was kind of waiting for something there. Z is that what you Said? Zen. Zen. Zen. I heard Zed. That makes more sense. That's good. I think. Yes. Z Yes.


I think I, I think a lot of people, I don't, I didn't really get anything. I liked the premise of the Biden still being in the White House while Trump's definitely the inevitable president. But that kind of went, that was kind of like a, you have to like, have roommates to get that perhaps. And this seems like no one in this audience has had a roommate in their entire lives by the reaction that we got. All right. Anything else you've been working on? Maybe maybe another new thing or something. Maybe something else. A new quick little joke. You're a you're, you're funnier than that minute every time you've been on the show, it's been funnier than that. Yeah.


You've been gone for a while, right? Like, like four or five months. I haven't seen you on social media doing positive shit all over my Instagram. Is that normally what he does? Yeah. He usually puts like those like live laugh, love type shit. Like, he's like, I'm sober now. He is like doing all these messages. And I actually thought about you recently and I was like, what the fuck have you been up to? Is there something else that has happened recently? Are are you not sober? Are you trying to get him To relapse? No, I guess I'm just, I don't know. I I Have you been living laughing and loving? Actually, yes. But yeah, there, there's just been a struggle. I've been by myself basically.


All right. The shame thing. I've never thought I'm good enough. I don't think I'm good enough, right? So I did dumb. So Dumb. So you are a comic. Thank you. Yeah. So I did the stupid, the, the competition in Austin thing fucking worse than this. Completely bombed, didn't make it to the next round, whatever else. So I said, Said, what do you think went wrong there? Oh God. And then let's get back to Your next one. Oh God. First of all, no one should have moved on. That was such, they began the show. The first person on the show brought like everybody, right? So the first person up brought, everybody went over their time. They're completely eliminated. There's 13 people after that no one cared about. Wow. And I was last and I didn't give a shit. I came up with a shit Attitude. Those of you that don't know, which I'd imagine is 99.7% of our listeners at least.


There is a famous old competition here in Austin called Austin's Funniest Comic, which was a thing, which was a thing that like mattered before this invasion of real comedians coming from LA and New York, more experienced people from a more tougher club in which has better performers. So you have to be better to be able to be on the lineup and stand out. So this Austin's funniest comic thing is still a thing that people try to win and try to get on, but it is based on, it is voted on by the audience.


So people invite an audience to come. So the more people You know, the better your odds are of winning. And Tim, by the sounds of your lonely, lonely diatribe, I'm guessing you got about nobody to go there, right? So, oh, I Didn't, I didn't advertise it like that. Right? I don't want, I don't wanna stack the audience. I like to win based on like, me being funny. Trust me, I get it. You know, I, I did that once when I first started, there was a competition at the Ice house. I got second place, I won a side of fries. I wore a shirt and tie for that. I thought I would be a shirt and tie comedian back in my first few weeks, literally of doing standup May, 2007, someone just poured a drink on their own head in memory of my side of fry's.


Anyway, this shit's gone off. It's fucking, can we get cam back up here to talk shit to D Madness? No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding Tim. So your competition goes awry and then what happens? We went way off base here. No, it just, I don't know, I started questioning a lot of things, hung out by myself. I don't know. Just so I don know, searching, You know, and now I've come out of it and I don't know, I shot fucking two for 14 tonight, You know, that's what it is. Did a woman drive you to this competition? Thanks buddy.


What's that? Okay, So what was your drug of choice? I'm, I've been 15 years sober, so I'm just curious. I don't know. Whatever I was given really? Yeah. You ever have a main thing? What I could get? I mean, I just drank, which just led like all the time, which just led to ventures and, You know, hookers and fight clubs and coke and I turned down heroin. That's smart, thank you. But yeah, it's mostly, You know, I was in New York a lot, so a lot Of people just go and see the, like, You know, sites. Well, I saw the sites that aren't on a map, Let's put it that way.


You Know, Tim, I've tried with this interview to dig us out of this deep hole that I take full responsibility for putting us in. I don't think it's you. I think it's me. But You know what I think, I think you need something to look forward to in life. I think you need something to fire you up and tell you that things are gonna be okay. So how would you like to open up the, yeah, Would you like to do better at the secret show? Thursday? You got a real spot on Thursday? Look at that smile.


That's a real smile there. Does that sound like fun, Tim? Yes. Michael, relax. Jesus Christ. Yes. What the fuck are you just gonna beat the fucking drum forever? We believe. Just short circuit. We believe In you. We know something's Not right. So we believe in you, Tim. Yeah. So I would love to see you do better Thursday. Yeah. Okay. There you go. Tim Warner. Everybody appreciate that. That's the first time where I, this was gonna be like, you wanna open up the secret show? I don't know why. Alright, we're having fun. How about a hand for Heidi? Everybody like a piece of ginger in between rotten sushi bites, she cleanses us with her spirit.


Live, laugh, love. Isn't she live? Laugh. Lovely. Alright, we got another bucket. Pool. This looks like a new name. I hope it is. We've had a lot of, a lot of old characters here tonight. Make some noise for a laser. Guzman el a lazier. Guzman. Hey everybody. My name's Azar. He tried his best. Yeah, I probably shouldn't have smoked before this. He, You guys ever smoke and then feel you gonna have a heart attack?


I gotta stop smoking meth. I, I'm kidding. I, I, but I, I, I grew up Jehovah's Witness. Oh. I never get that reaction. Usually even Mormons are like, yikes. So I made stuff like my birthday recently. Really weird. I just recently turned 34. Woo. Thanks. I've been freaking out about it. Felt like I hadn't had enough sex in my life. So my last month to me at 33, I just trying to go on as many dates as possible. And this last day I went on this girl was like, look, I want to have sex tonight, but I have a UTI and I said, look, I don't, I don't care what school you went to A laser.


There's, Am I saying that right? It's Azar. Azar, yeah. Azar. There's a second E in there. Silent. Yeah. It looks like E Azar. Yeah. Or Eer. Yeah. It's, it's how People say that a lot. Yeah. People say it like That when they read it. Yeah. Usually about a hundred percent of the people that read it. Yeah. Just making sure. You tried to make me look like a fool. I know. Azar, obviously. How long you been doing standup? 11 years. 11 years. Awesome. Where at? New York City, New Jersey. All over the country. Fantastic. You live in Austin now?


I live in Austin, yeah. Past eight months. For how Long? Eight months. What do you do for work? I work at NADC burger. Whoa. NADC. Not a damn chance. Yeah. That is one of the best burgers in the entire city. Owned by our very good friends. You have fun working there. I love It there. A lot of pride. It's a great place. Amazing. You get high on your own supply. You eating the burgers over there? Oh yeah. So addictive. I'm broke as fuck, so I eat a burger every day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Amazing. You getting a lot of spots around town? Not really. I just kind of make my own shows I've been producing for a while. So smart. Yeah. I love that.


Very smart. If you, if you put on a good show and book the people that you think are funny, eventually it will pick up steam. Is it a weekly show? Yeah, I, I have three right now. Very smart. This is what I, I I think more people should do and try. Especially if you're a more experienced comedian at 11 years. How long were you doing it in New York for? Pretty much the whole time. Except for the past eight months, Right? Yeah. What was the part where you said in all around the country Or whatever? So I, I did like some, some tours through like Tennessee and like New Orleans, Texas, but just like bar shows, Arizona.


Very cool. Stuff like that. Very cool. What were you doing for work? Did any One of those people pronounce your name right? No. Yeah, it seems like they wouldn't. Yeah, iar iar. What were you doing for work in New York City? Yes. Introduced him as nine 11. I was a buser, A buser. A buser, a bus boy. Yeah. But you say a buser, like, there's like, you're not a boy at all. Yeah, No. I, I say busman, so Yeah. Absolutely. What else about your life?


I, I write stories. What kind of stories? Short stories and novels. Nice. I've been doing that for most of my life. You do that like on a typewriter or a computer or what? Mostly on my phone. Yeah. What's your love life like? You seem like a good looking guy. Not great. I'm, I'm, I'm a little awkward, You know what I mean? So. Yeah. Yeah. So it, it, You know, I fucked once when I've, since I've been out here, It's all that matters. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck once. That's all you need. How about love? When's the last time you were in love? Have you ever been in love?


Yeah, A couple times. Yeah. Yeah. How long ago was that? Maybe like two, three years ago. All right. What happened there? She was psycho, so Yeah, that happens. Yeah, that happens every once in a while. She a bad driver? No, but she carried a gun. She was In New York City? No, no. Yeah, actually New Jersey. She's from New Jersey. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's not a psycho, that's just New Jersey Azar. What is that? You Mexican? No, I'm Puerto Rican.


Ah, Nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My favorito, I hear their garbage. No, nobody heard that. Nobody said anything. I haven't seen that at all. Anywhere, any at any point. No one's ever said such a thing. Have you been to Puerto Rico? No, I have at one point. It was one of my favorite vacation spots.


What happened? Had to get a president elected real quick. No big deal. Just had to, had to, had to do my due diligence. Shut up. Shut up. Thank you, Tony. You're welcome, Mr. President. You're welcome. Anytime. Anytime for you. So are your parents, obviously both Puerto Rican?


No. My, my, my mother is Puerto Rican and my stepfather is Mexican. Okay. Did you talk to your mom about any of the incidences that happened a few weeks ago With Oh no. With my thing, She, she kinda stopped giving a shit about the political stuff a while ago. So She didn't, but I mean, Puerto Rico was in the news. She's been to Puerto Rico. I, I've been avoiding saying anything about it, honestly, You know? Perfect. Yeah. You know, it's a lose lose situation. Yeah. And look at you now. Little does she know that I just gave you the biggest opportunity of your life. It all comes full circle, just like an island. All right.


Fun times. Nice to meet you. Welcome to the show. Here's a brand new Bon Eye leather real Texas leather joke book. And that is The KILL TONY debut of Eleazar Guzman. The only Azar spelled Azar. E-L-E-A-Z-A-R. Another bucket poll. This looks like a fun name. It's a three word name with pretty silly handwriting. So this is a good sign. Make some noise for what I believe is the KILL TONY debut of Eric Ray Stone. Everybody. Eric Ray Stone.


Hi everybody. So I'm originally from Miami, which I know is the last thing you expect. Somebody that looks like this to say, yeah, I filled it in a lot better since I moved to Austin. But You know, most people that are born and raised in Miami feel like any place is better than Miami. You know, like most places. But then I moved to Baltimore in the middle of the winter and You know what's not better than Miami fucking Baltimore In the middle of the winter. Yeah. Like even the bridge was like, fuck this. I can't take it anymore. Like, let's be honest, Baltimore's just Detroit that got crabs. That's it.


And when I moved to town, I only knew one person in town, which was an old ex-girlfriend. And about a week before I moved there, she goes, listen, I gotta tell you something, I've been working as a stripper and I know, I know you told me you were a bartender and got a concussion. That shit don't happen. But also I've been working as an escort. I said, okay, great. She said, but I don't like people calling me an escort or a sex worker. I think of myself as a service provider. I was like, no bitch. At and t is a service provider. You a hoe. Let's keep it real. All right, thank you. That's been my time. Eric Ray Stone, welcome to the show.


Thank you Tony. Hell yeah. Your hair and everything. It seems like you would be crazier than you are. I can be. You like got it together. Fuck yeah. Yeah. You look like you're Gonna tell a bunch of people to go Kill Sharon t Yeah. Yeah, you do. Look, you have cult leader energies, but you're just a everyday nice guy. That's right. I love it. Eric Ray Stone. How old are you Eric? I'm 30. 30? Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah, I know. Years have not been kind to me. Have they? What's been going on? You have a cane for those of you listening to the podcast, like D Madness is, he has a cane. I have Ehlers Danlos syndrome.


What is that? Ehlers Danlos syndrome. EDS. It means my connective tissue sucks. The only famous person I know that has it has Billie Eilish, but I don't have her Teta, so nobody gives a shit. So your connective tissue, like your tendons and things like, is that what That means? Yeah, tendons, lis ligaments and cartilage. So you, you, you tear them a lot. Yeah, when I was younger I played a lot of sports and did a lot of really stupid things. So I thought I was just getting injured because I was doing really stupid things. Yeah, yeah. It turns out. No, God has a sense of humor too. You're like Mr. Glass. Yeah, exactly. So if he looks like a guy that would hang him, you try fish oil.


Oh, fish oil. Very good. Red band. Very good. What if that cured you right away? You're like, oh no Shit. Yeah, this whole fucking time stand Up like grandpa and the Willy Wonka, the Chocolate Factory. We love a good old work, good old doctor red band over here recommending fish oil or Wendy's at 4:00 AM These are red band's, lists of vitamins. Eric Ray Stone. How long you been on standup? A little over three years now. A little over Three years. Yeah. Did you start here? Baltimore, Miami. I started in Miami and then I went up to Baltimore for quite a bit of time and then I came back to Miami, was working at the Improv for a couple years down there.


Interesting. Yeah, the Miami Improv. What a man. Amazing. Was I ever there when you were there? You were Actually. Yeah. Sounds about right. Were you working front door, the sound booth front door. They had you at front door. Dangerous position for a man with EDS. Did you look like that when you were in Miami? I'm sorry, you look like Yeah. You look like you, you, you look like that. Yeah. You, you're the only guy that looks like that in Miami? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. You and Jorge Masal? Yeah. Okay. The other ones with canes or pimping his girlfriend.


Amazing. How long have you rocked the cane? Ever since I had a hip reconstruction. That didn't exactly go great. What Happened? Well, I was supposed to heal from the surgery and I didn't. So Did you try fish oil? Yeah. You did Colon eagle butter? Yeah, I, I ironically, they actually make you stop fish oil before you go into surgery. Like that's one of the things they were really specific about. I was like, that's odd, but Okay. Yeah. Interesting. No explanation for why they made you stop fish oil? No, there was an explanation but I smoke a lot of weed so I don't remember exactly what it Was. That makes sense. Do you live in Austin now? I do. I just moved to town about a month ago.


How do you like it so Far? I'm loving every minute of it. Yeah. What's a guy like you do for fun around here? I know everybody else said hikes earlier. I'm guessing. Putting On the Ritz. Yeah. Look at him. Cracking up over here. Look At him. Just dying of laughter. That was fucking funny. What do you do for fun in Austin, Texas? Well, every day since I've been, since I've been here. Comedy? Yeah. But I've actually been hanging out at Sunset Strip a lot. I got a lot of friends that work there. Look At that. Look at that.


Some fish oil. Alright. Tell us something crazy about your life, Eric. What's a fun fact that would surprise us about you? You ever do anything crazy or see anything crazy? Crazy? Oh yeah. Or family or Anything? Yeah. So I found out not too long ago that apparently a lot of my family that was in Cuba that are now millionaires here were political prisoners because we were very found of explosives and not so fond of communists. So yeah, I did not know that. Can you really just spell out what you just said? Yeah. I'd, I'd prefer not to because there's, You know. Okay. Yeah. All right. Well He Makes bombs and he looks like a guy who makes bombs.


Yeah. Guys, it looks like he Just finished his manifesto before he walked up There. And I mean that with love That the 10 Commandments. Yeah. You've been moseying along Eric, you have a look to you that is incomparable to most. Does this, do you go on dates and stuff? Do you have a Yeah, actually I went on a date with one of the most beautiful women I've ever met about two weeks ago. How'd it go? Great.


Eric Ray Stone. Not a fan of the organ music on that beat there. How'd it go? What'd You guys do? You went to a We went out to a bar with her friends and then we went dancing, which was not very dancing for me. It was, It was like That was her telling you to leave. Well, Yeah. Yeah. I should have taken the hints. We're gonna go dancing if you wanna go, you're like, sure. Let's fucking go. I like a challenge. What can I say on the wrist? F We're gonna run a marathon. Yeah. What kind of dancing was it? Was it like Latino music or? No, it was Texas Two Step and I have no idea how to do that.


Yeah, you can barely take one step. It was incredible. This Is Absolutely amazing. You didn't know how to do it, but did you learn, did she show you? She tried. Have You guys talked since then? Does this look like something that's gonna continue? Probably not, but I told her way too much about, about my family and history, so Yeah. You explained to her whatever you have said. Yep. Yep. All right. That'll do it. Yep. Yeah, she had, what's funny is we then made out afterwards. So like, oh cool. It didn't seem like a deal breaker, but then she blocked me the next day. Oh, well There you go. Yeah. That's what happens when you cane blast a girl. It's probably all from the fish oil. You probably have horrible breath.


All right. The fish oil. Very good. The running fish oil joke that literally only you laughed at callback. I love it. Let's do, let's do a big joke book for you. Eric Ray Stone. Thank you. There it is. And there he goes. On to the next one. We go. You guys still having fun out there? Very interesting bucket polls. This episode, a lot of names we've seen before. This is a back to back three word name. Very interesting. A very rare tree. Three word name back to back two in a row.


Make some noise for Jerry Deebo Smith. Everybody. Jerry Deebo Smith I Ah, the Whites. Yes. Hey, a lot of people can't tell by looking at me though. I, I like to tell people this all the time, but I'm actually mixed myself. My mom is white, my dad is black. So a lot of pros and cons to being a mixed kid. Like the biggest con to being mix is that I got high blood pressure and mesothelioma. That's fucked up. Y'all laughing. But someone is, I don't know what the fuck wrong with me. And here's the best part. This is the part I like the most. I have a big dig and a high credit score.


My eyes up here, nigga. Get the fuck outta here. All right. I'm lying. Listen, my dick is huge with my credit. It's fucked up, son. My dad told me a long time ago when I was a kid, he asked, doesn't matter if you got good credit, if you dick big, you'll find some fat white woman to buy you anything you want. I say, nigga, is you talking about my mother? I almost whooped his ass that day. That was the day. Thank you. Wow. One of the performances of the night.


The KILL TONY, debut of Jerry Bebo Smith Eagles Nation. My nigga. Alright. You from Philly? No, I'm from DC but I live in San Antonio. Okay. Welcome. Welcome. How long have you lived in San Antonio? Well, I started my career in San Antonio in 2010. They got my picture on the wall at Laugh Out Loud. Okay. Very good. Very good. I know he ain't asked me that, but I felt like a nigga gotta shine. Gotta shine. Hell yeah. You know what I'm saying? Picture on the, is your picture on the wall anywhere else, Jerry? Perhaps a convenience store, something like That. No. No sir. No sir. I ain't never been to jail now a day in my life and I'm, I'm caught up on my child support for the rest of you motherfuckers too.


I love it. How many children do you have, Jerry? I have three. Okay. And they all got their own mother because they need the special attention. If you gonna have, that's how you have That is fucking funny. Yeah. Thank you. I have never heard that twist on being a terrible father before. You're a funny guy. Thank you. I appreciate that. So You've been doing it about 14 years?


14 in November. Yeah, I love it. It is November. Yeah. Outward shit. I mean, Oh, upcoming November? No, this, oh shit. Last Monday and I been s Okay. Alright, perfect. October. October. Fuck you. Congratulations. Congratulations, Jerry. I'm Hi nigga. I've been over there for two hours. I love it. Jerry Deebo Smith. Why do you go by three names? Because like a lot of my name is Jerry Smith because I'm fucking white. My mom thought that shit would be cool in the hoods of DC so I had to smack a lot of niggas around to get deebo in the name and shit. So that's my real nickname. So I like to go by my nickname when I'm on stage. I don't wanna go by Jerry Smith. Nobody will come see me. I like it though. I get it.


You have a Deebo hoodie, but it's with Seinfeld. Seinfeld Fife. That is my favorite show, man. That's, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to talk over you and shit. No, that's great. But that's me sitting on Seinfeld couch smoking a blunt and shit, You know what I'm saying? I love it. That's my merch. If y'all want to buy it, jerry deebo smith.com. Se Si seinfeld's really? Your favorite show? Yeah, that's my favorite show. Wow. You really are a Jerry's singer. That is. That is The last per minute on that show is fucking amazing, bro. I totally agree. You ever watch Golden Girls? Yeah, I do. Yes I do. Yes I do. LPMs for days like, Like shit, I swear. Yep. Your Mom picked the television, Didn't She? No, I did. That's my favorite show. Yeah, my mom died way before Seinfeld came on. Oh Jesus.


I'm sorry. No, don't, it's all good. How did your mom die? 1995. She had, Oh no. Seinfeld was banging. Did it? I thought it started in like 89. I mean 90, 98. I'm sorry. I'm high dog. This nigga a samurai. All right. What the fuck he say? What the fuck? And I look back and this nigga a samurai on the drums. All right. We both fucked up over here. A sleeveless samurai. Get that nigga. I'm sorry. I don't mean to, they told me not to talk over y'all and lemme shut the fuck up. I feel weird being up here 'cause I feel like I'm, I'm for sale.


There's too, too many white people in here. You're doing great. You're doing great. You're not for sale. Okay. All right. Just know I got bad knees, nigga. I ain't going in the fields. You got better knees than the last guy. Hey, I seen them. That's funny and shit. Hell yeah. I'm gonna be quiet. I'm waiting for you now it's, You're doing good. You're doing good. Let the laughter die. Let it die anyway. When did your mom die, Ma? In 1995. But how, how did she die in Kidney failure? Oh My goodness. Did she have Y'all gonna see a nigga killed somebody here tonight?


Did she have diabetes or Nah? Nah, she didn't. She was white. Diabetes is on my dad's side. That's on the other side. Oh, okay, okay. She just had random kidney failure. How Does that happen? No. Well she, I don't wanna put her business out there, but she used to smoke cocaine and shit, You know, shit like that. Oh, okay. It's all right. Yeah. She Met your dad? Yeah. Nah. Yeah. Honestly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You ain't wrong though. It ain't like he wasn't a drug dealer and shit. Red band is wondering how to have kidney failure from cocaine. Is that a common thing? I don't know anything about. Well, no, I just, I don't know. I don't think that's, I mean, she used to do, that's the only thing I can say. You know what I'm saying? That she used to do drugs and she had no other problems other than that. She Was snorting It wrong. Snorting it.


I probably was. I didn't come here to kill nobody, but I'm about to kill one of these four niggas on this stage. I got one more mama. Joking. I'm gonna fuck somebody up. Show y'all why My name is Deebo. Oh shit. Jerry. Relax Jerry. I'm just, I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just fucking with y'all. I'm having fun. Yo Mama so fat. Oh My goodness. The nigga all the way in the corner talking shit. I wouldn't be able look the police, I wouldn't be able to get to you and shit. Hey, Deebo. Yes Sir. You should take his chain.


That shit fake. That's His. Oh shit. That's shining like a motherfucker. That's fake. And your eyes crossed a little bit. They got you my nigga. It was close. It was close call. Yeah. Are all your kids in one city or No? No, my oldest, my oldest son is 13 and my daughter is 12 and they live in Virginia. And my son, I have a 7-year-old here in these in Texas. Alright. Okay. That's right. We can't play that anymore else. People that's get us in trouble. Alright. So, so interesting Jerry. So, so funny.


Amazing stuff. I First time you seen a comic from San Antonio be funny, huh? Oh, We've had a couple. We've had a couple. I've Watched the show. I watched the show when them motherfuckers LA You might be the best. You might be the best. I would love to have you on the secret show. Thursday. Boom. What's up Debo? Appreciate it. And here's the big joke book. Sign up again. Come back. We need people like you, Jerry Debo Smith. All right, we're gonna fly through these last two bucket pulls real quick. Turbo rounds. Brand new minute coming at you. This looks like another new name. Make some noise for Sam Ks.


Everybody, Sam Ks Do, do you ever see like a super cut homeless guy and just feel terrible about yourself? Fuck the gym. I'm gonna start fighting my demons on street corners. That's, that's some high intensity interval training right there. I, I had a date recently. It was the first date the topic of hobbies came up. Now I like hunting, but what's worse is I can only really afford to hunt squirrels. So yeah, I, I mentioned that. And there's nothing to gain by admitting you're a squirrel hunter on a first date.


Yeah. That is a lose lose situation if you're wondering because death respond like this cow did, which was, Oh My God, get this redneck asshole away from me. Or, or they can be into it, which I think is worse somehow if they're like, Oh My God, you kill rodents and skin them and eat their flesh. Wow, you're such a provider. That's, that's so masculine that, that, that could be dicey. That could be dicey. I don dunno if I'm equipped for that, but that's my time guys. Is that cute? Sam Ks? Hello Sam. Hello. How are you? How long you been doing standup? Almost a year. Almost a year. Where at mostly in Austin. Where, where at before that?


Oh, You know, Shakespeare's not, No, but where before? Austin. Oh, a little in Detroit, but mostly, mostly here in Austin. Is that where you're originally from? Detroit? No, I'm from Ontario, Canada. A town called Sarnia? Yes. What is it? Sarnia. Sarnia? Yeah. Like Narnia with an S? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Got it. Someone booing you. There you go. Yeah. What The hell man? What the fuck You do? Look a little Trudeau esque. I will say that. You got the fucking creepy. I got, I've Got that before. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I bet. Yeah. Throwing some blackface. We'll know for sure. Yeah, right. We're gonna find out if it Trudeau, You know what I'm saying?


What do you do for work? I, I do sales. Tony, What are you selling? Sam? HI do h the HVAC sales. I'm going door to door selling. That's right. I know. I realize. I feel like I'm leaving a wake of like mildly annoyed people behind me the whole time. I haven't really reconciled that, but it's fun. I enjoy it. Okay, Tell us the craziest thing about your life. Well, the craziest thing, I mean I, I lived in a van in Australia for a year. Why? Yeah. So that was kind of, that was exciting. But why? I was planting trees there. I was planting trees in, in Australia. Oh, why? Yeah, for money. You got paid to plant Trees.


It's a good coin. Yeah. A lot of people think it's volunteer work, but you actually get paid per tree and once you get good at it, it's actually pretty good. So How much do you get paid for planting a tree? Well, in American money It, it, I never planted trees here. Only Canada and Australia, but it's like varies only 10 to 25 cents per tree. But You know, you plant thousands a day so it adds up. Even the Mexicans are like, what the fuck? See all of their faces just like, dude, what Do Dude, that's fucking cheap dude. Get the fuck outta here World. What the fuck? You guys ever hear something that's so crazy?


White boys planting trees for a dime. Wow. I guess people do come here to do the white people jobs. Here's the thing though, you plant thousands a day. Okay. So You know, you can make pretty good, pretty good money. It's hard work, but it's fun. You to live in the middle of nowhere, have crazy parties in the bush with a bunch of weird hippie people. It's cool. Very Cool math. That's $100. Yeah. Yeah. But I guess that's a lot for a little Canadian boy. What do you think's the most Canadian thing about you? Most Canadian thing about me? I don't know man. I, I didn't play hockey. That's pretty Canadian. I think. Planting trees, man. Like that's pretty Canadian. Like, You know that is, You know, I have a lot of trees.


Most Canadian thing about me man. I don't know that I hate Trudeau. I think that's pretty Canadian. That's pretty, that's a consensus these days. Like that guy kind of sucks. Were there any black people where you were raised? No. No. Were there any Mexicans? No. Mexicans either? No. What's heaven like? Yeah, Exactly. Amazing. This is what I enjoyed it. I don't know why I left, honestly. In hindsight, it is pretty, pretty good up there. Sounds quiet.


Sam. Here's a little joke book. We're flying through the rest of this episode. There goes Sam Kochs. Everybody got through a lot of bucket pools tonight. This is our 10th and final bucket pull of the night. This young lady's been on this show before. It's been a long time. Make some noise for a brand new minute from Gina Hyena. Everybody. Gina Hyena. Ugh. I'm Not even goth, I just dress like this. 'cause my ex used to hit me. Every once in a while I have somebody come after the show and be like, that's awful. You don't deserve that. And it's just like, get to know me better. You know?


It's, It's my fault. It's totally my fault. Not just 'cause I talk back, but it's my fault because I dated a pimp for four years. Yeah. That should have been a fling. My dumb ass tried to turn a trap house into a trap home. It's, yeah, calm down. He wasn't, he wasn't black Texas. It was, I'm, I'm Italian. I couldn't do that to my Italian family. You know, like I could take a criminal home, but I'm not gonna push it. It's, it is embarrassing. He was half Italian, half Jewish. Perfect. Cross breeded for a pimp. Strong backhand, but fiscally responsible. Embarrassing. Embarrassing to hold it down for a cheap criminal.


Embarrassing to waste your twenties, your tight skin, your youthful outlook date. A guy that hits you when he didn't even play for the NFL. When I meet young girls, I tell 'em, date an athlete. Just don't take the elevator. Thank You guys. Boom. One minute, nine seconds. Gina, hyena. Punchline, punchline, punchline, punchline, punchline. Amazing. Woo. Welcome back. It's been a long time since we've seen you. How's it going? Oh great. I haven't been here. This is awesome. Fantastic. Awesome. Where you been? I've been in Philly. I live in New York now.


I've been doing shows in San Diego, Albany. It's been fun. I love it. I love it. Amazing. Yeah. Amazing set. What else is going on? I mean just, I'm just trying to get into comedy. I gotta get more online. So this is awesome to be here. It's awesome to see You guys in this. This is fucking fantastic. Fantastic set. Trying to, Trying to write, trying to bring it more to life. That's all true on that whole thing. Did you live here for a While? I did. I lived here 2018 to 2020. So I moved down here out of the blue. That was actually, 'cause when I was dating that guy, some shit got hot allegedly. And I moved to Texas, didn't know anybody. And then I started comedy a year later 'cause I was like, nobody knows me.


I can have a stage name, whatever. And then lost my job during Covid. Had to move back to New York. And then everybody from comedy moved here. I've been kicking myself and trying to come back as much as I can. I love it. Okay, so you're hiding from a pimp on one of the biggest shows in the world Entertainment podcast. Comedy. Allegedly. Allegedly. Yes. Yes. True. Yeah. No, I think he quit. He had quite a portfolio, but that was, that's like the most fun one to talk about. You know, He got out, he got out of Pimpin. Yeah, no, he's a real, real estate. Real estate. He grew into the Jewish jeans. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Good. He went from, and I didn't get one Gucci bump.


Me, Michael Kors. Once I, that was the only time I thought I was gonna rat on him. Pimp pimping to real estate. Yeah. Who goes from hose to homes? So stupid. I'm not going, I'm not gonna host at homes with you. Our own inside jokes. It's Nice you could find an industry to be a bigger piece of shit. Yeah. For real, for real. No, I actually, we, it wasn't even that that made me break up with him. He told me he wanted to get me pregnant and that's when I like finally like pictured it from a third party perspective. He met my family. Whole thing. Did your doctor say, try not to punch the baby.


How else are you gonna know? It's breathing true. And if you shake him too hard, You Know, I like the idea of coaching and be like, slip. Right. You know, I know all his moves. Now it's I, I got away from that. Moved down here, moved back, got. Are you dating anyone now? Yeah, I'm actually dating a psychiatrist. Not my psychiatrist, but I'm not that hot. No, it's, he's great. He is. He is great. He is awesome. I have no shit to talk about him. I could talk shit about dating down here all day. How long have you been with this psychiatrist? About eight months now. And what's that like? Does he Talk? He communicates. It's weird as Fuck. Yeah. He like asks you about you.


Yeah. And then just sits there and listens. He Listens. Whoa. It's like Coco the gorilla, like he just like communicates back. It's weird as fuck. That's wild. Yeah. That is wild. Yeah, it's not, I'm not used to it. Like the first time he ever asked me if I needed reassurance, I thought we were about to fight. Like I didn't know the fuck that was supposed to be. That's amazing. Yeah. I'm as m it's Gina. You are very, very funny. Red band. Are you in town this week? I am. I'd love to have you back on the secret show. Oh, There you go. Love it. Another one. Thank you so much. Thank You guys. It's been a while since we've seen you. Do you have one of these Gina? You have one of these. There you go. Gina Hyena. Booya.


Follow Her eggs and hot sauce. The letter n eggs and hot sauce. Alright, this is it. We did it. 10 bucket pulls down. Absolutely. Fantastic episode of this show. There's only one way to put a ribbon on it. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you KILL TONY Hall of Famer, record holder for all time appearances on the show. All time interviews a man like no other in this show's history. Tens and tens, perhaps hundreds of hours of entertainment given to us by who some people call the Memphis Strangler.


The zip Zorro, the vicar of the vape pen. The vanilla gorilla, the Virgin of Virginia. This is indeed the big red machine. William Montgomery. Tony. Tony. First off, You know I'm not a virgin and You know, I don't smoke a vape pen.


So, and also just, I hope the girl Who's just on realizes that I think a lot of the time psychiatrists or psychopaths. So I hope she realizes that I tried to join a gang, but I couldn't even pass a background truck. Despite Repeatedly saying you would never do it. Joe Biden pardoned his son, hunter. And I'm going to be honest, I had no idea that knocking up a stripper after having sex with your dead brothers widow was a crime. It also shouts out to Hagrid in the crowd tonight. It looks like we got Hait from Harry Potter out there.


Okay. Employees at a Planet Fitness recently found a guy who had been dead in a tanning bed for three days. The good news is he smelled like shit. The bad news he had. God damn it, I messed it up. Red band. Why'd you play the song? Okay. Who's dead in the tanning bed for three days? The Bad news is he smelled like shit. The good news. His skin had a nice glow to it. Okay, Thank you. He has done it again. Ladies and gentlemen, the biggest reds machine of them all. William lights out thunder. Fuck Montgomery. So nice to be here tonight.


We love you William. Tony. We Had a wonderful Thanksgiving, Tony and I in red band. We spent Thanksgiving Together. We did have a big wonderful Thanksgiving together. We had a big family Thanksgiving family style. It was wonderful. Tony actually brought some really good baked ham and Redmond brought a bowl of marshmallows, like the little marshmallows. It was like the dumbest, it was like the stupidest thing. It was like what a little child would bring or something. It really was like the stupidest, but your ham, you did. Tony was wonderful. And then I had a wonderful Native American Heritage Day after that. And Tony, that's where I actually got my hair done. I went to a little, oh. So I was able to, I told him to do it in Rasta colors, but yes, it is for Native American Heritage Day.


I was able to get it on Friday. Wow. Wow. You see, you looked like both a Native American and a pilgrim at the same time. How fun. But Yeah, it was fun. And then I've gotten to, you're not gonna want to hear this. Tony Uhoh got, I've gotten to prestige number seven in Call of Duty. We just experienced, which Tony is, is a pretty big deal. Most people I'm playing with in these, in these game rooms, they're, I don't know, prestige three or four or something. I'm a Prestige seven right now, so. Wow. Wow. Do You know about Call of Duty?


You're more of a Madden guy, right? Yes, sir. But Call of Duty, do You know about that at all? Oh Yeah. I, I don't play it, but I do know about it. So Prestige Seven's pretty good, right? It's pretty impressive. Yeah. Along with that hairline. No, that was like, that was a nice thing. That was a nice thing. Sketch is, is ready. People are trying to start SKETCH Chance out there in the crowd his first time. That was nice. In front of a live audience. Has bullets in the chamber ready to go? Absolutely. Ready to SKETCH was nice though, right? It was, It was awesome. Yeah. What, What was nice? No, you were being nice saying they without the hair hairline, like there was like a nice thing.


Right? Oh, I Like it. Thank you A little, little Ben Frank. Okay, help me Tony. What's going on? You're doing good. You're doing good. What's going On? I don't think anyone's ever referred to you as Ben Franklin like before, but I do see it and I'm surprised no one has. Yeah. My gosh. I'll take it right around Thanksgiving. It's fun. Thank you. Maybe You guys can fly kites after this together. Have you ever flown a kite before, William? Yeah, one time I was in Destin, Florida. Tony and I was able to, they used to have those big spools that you could big things of string for the kites. And I remember connecting two of those big spools together and the kite got so high up in the air and a storm came in and I was having to hold the spool down by the sand.


'cause it was shocking me, Tony. It was up that high, so I got a, I caught up really high one time. Did You look like that before? No. It was when I started losing my hair and Wow. I like the, okay. Okay. That didn't make sense. It didn't. Idiot. Like I'm bombing up here. I'm not even in a good mood right now and Didn't make sense. I do like the green shirt. You're obviously winding up for the Christmas spirit. Perhaps you're gonna get more Christmasy each appearance this December. I am. I am so excited. We are in the month of Christmas. We're in quarter four, month of Christmas. It is my favorite time of the year, so Tony, get ready for it.


I'm gonna be getting even more Christmas Christmasy as we get closer to Christmas, so everybody get really excited for that. Would You like to rattle off some of your favorite things about Christmas? Here he is, Ladies and gentlemen, William Montgomery rattling off some of his favorite Christmas things. What excites you about Christmas? Oh my gosh. I mean, you get family and friends coming together. You are All right. We're obviously, we're starting with the, with the lighter stuff here. Yeah, it's gonna get more exciting as it goes. Here he goes. I mean, you get family and friends. I mean, sometimes you might get like a, wait, Tony, hold on my throat. I'm really still not doing good. Okay. Just rattle stuff up. Doesn't matter.


You don't have to scream at William. Oh, I'm doing so bad. Tony and I have this horrible fever right now. I'm doing really Bad right now. Really depressing. You can literally have said anything in the world other than that, it would've Been better. No, but my mom's angel cookies. Really looking forward to those. I mean, we're talking, That's one thing. What else? Chocolate chip cookies. Oh, looking forward To those naming different types of cookies. Ladies and gentlemen, this is not going as I expected it to go at all. What happened there? You wanna find out what happened? It did happen. Were drunk. Or how'd y'all knock it Over? Oh, you had to have your arm around your lady there. We started talking about Christmas. This guy was trying to get cozy. Did the, and he knocked over the guy With the nipples.


Give everybody new COVID. Perhaps. Perhaps it could be a winter of death and danger for your families according to White house.gov. Somebody was sick. What? Somebody talking on the microphone was sick or no, cam cleaned it off. Thank God. Yeah. Oh yeah. Because That's something I start thinking about Tony. I'm like, Oh My God, what if somebody before me is sick? It's like, I'm gonna get fucking sick up in this motherfucker. Like sometimes I'm not even one guy could barely walk. Yeah, it's true. It's true. He had a cane and spoiler alert, it was not a candy cane rattling off some of Williams's favorite Christmas things, but you could tell by the music and the slay bells.


Here he is with some more Christmas things, master Improviser William Montgomery and say anything Christmas related. People are literally yelling out things. All you have to do is repeat them into the microphone for the millions of people watching at home. Here he goes, Christmas things with William Montgomery. You hear the sleigh bells. Here he goes. Perhaps the lighting is gonna help him rattle off some Christmas things to put a ribbon on this episode. Candy canes and Snickers bars and butter fingers and Snickers bars and candy canes on Christmas.


Candy canes and Snickers bars and Snickers bars and candy canes and candy canes. And Christmas. Christmas. This year is going to be fun at my mama's house. We're going to get a dog for Christmas this year. That's what my dad says. Okay. Wow. Amazing. William Montgomery. Okay, How luck can this play skit for the great and powerful William Montgomery? We did it again.


This episode is brought to you by Zips, our amazing sponsor. Here's some cinnamon zips for the holiday season. Some sweet whiskey for this guy. Some zips. Ooh, peppermint watermelon. Is there perhaps a cool black guy? Nope. All right. It's going to a Latino. There you go. All right. El mocha all. There you go. A little mocha. Thank you. Zip X.


The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in. How loud can this play? Get for Sketch? Ladies and gentlemen, it's first time in front of a live audience.


Check us. I mean, you're, you probably already follow him on Twitch and YouTube. He is a global superstar, but if you don't follow him there, he streams DAVE LANDAU dot com. That's L-A-N-D-A u.com. Hilarious. Tonight, he's on tour. Go to Dave Landau dot com for tickets and check out Normal World on Blaze TV featuring DAVE LANDAU.


Let's see what Chris Rogers d Drew tonight over there. Oh, Jon Deas. Look at that. That's you, John. That's what you look like. It is. It is. That's good. Right? We are gonna be auctioning that off after the show. We're gonna also auction off the painting. What'd he say? Oh, no, you didn't. Oh shit. What'd he say? Nothing. Jon Deas on keys. How about one more time for the best stand band in the land? Everybody, we did it. Thank you all Red band.


Check out the sunset strip atx.com. Love You guys. This is it. This is your last chance to get this stream for, oh, you have a, you have another week? Yeah. New Year's Eve. The stream is on sale. You're gonna wanna see it live. December 30th and 31st. Completely sold out two arenas. We're doing it again here in Austin, Texas. The new comedy capital of the world. God bless you all in. God bless the United States of America. Thank you everybody. Good night.


Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me, and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.