
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony. Tony. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY, The Uncensored live stream of two nights here from Austin, Texas, December 30th and 31st, you can snuggle up in the cold with your loved ones, or all by yourself, or with a bottle of tequila or whatever you're into in this crazy world.


Snuggle up, stay warm. December 30th and 31st with a completely uncensored kill. Tony's live from the HEB Center in Austin, Texas. This is a new, super annual amazing event. It is our biggest two night event of the year, and we're super excited about it. It is on sale now. KILL TONY live.com. Get it for your loved ones. Get it for yourself. Love it, or hate it. Live. December 30th and 31st, We out.


Hey, this is Red Company, Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony H. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Big so much for Brian Redban. Ladies and gentlemen, keep it going For the best damn band in all the land, that's The KILL TONY Band, the great Michael Gonzalez on the drums.


Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, and Carlos Sosa on the horns. Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on The Keys and the great and powerful D Madness on the bass guitar. Everybody having fun in here tonight Feels electric. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


This episode is brought to you by Google Gemini. With the Gemini app, you can talk live and have a real time conversation with an AI assistant. It's great for all kinds of things. Like if you wanna practice for an upcoming interview, ask for advice on things to do in a new city, or brainstorm creative ideas. And by the way, this script was actually read by Gemini. Download the Gemini app for IOS and Android today must be 18 plus to use Gemini Live


Looking for a pickup truck to get just about anything done. Look no further. The Chevy Silverado EV isn't just the most powerful Silverado ever with next level towing capability and technology. It also offers game changing versatility with the available multiflex mid gate and tailgate, which means Silverado EV helps you carry large, bulky, and oddly shaped items up to nearly 11 feet in length. Chevrolet together. Let's drive visit chevrolet.com to learn more.


Hey, it's me the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid no made with real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches like grape aid. Got the quenches. Grab a grape aid in your juice aisle.


Are You guys ready to start tonight's episode? Well, here we go. This is going to be fun. Ladies and gentlemen, we have one guest tonight and one guest only, and I couldn't be more excited about it. One of my favorite human beings on planet earth. One of the funniest people I know, Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for the great, the powerful. This Is RF K JR. Wow. Live in the flesh.


Good to see you again. Alright, great to see you, Tony. I'm so glad you're here. RF K JR. You're one of my favorite people. I should probably say that. I can't, I can't stay too long. I, I have a German Shepherd slow roasting on my grill that I have to tend to, but I'll be here for most of the show. I'm very excited to have you. You've actually been on this show before at the LA Forum. You did a, you did a minute. Your wife Cheryl came out. How's Cheryl going?


Who? Who's that? Yeah. So You know how it works. And indeed there is a bucket. I don't know how many signups around. Usually about 2 0 2 32 tonight. Okay. There's some people missing, maybe home for the holidays or something. 232 human beings signed up tonight inside of this bucket. Absolutely anything can happen. If I pull their name out, they get 60 seconds. You know, their time is up and near the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear. I'm gonna let this lucky human in the front, pick the first name. Hand it off to me. You don't have to read it, sir. It's okay. There you go.


Oh, okay. That's actually a familiar name. We've seen that before. We're gonna go wrangle that person from across the street. They're all at a bar and 'cause there's so many of them, we can't possibly hold them here. So they're gonna go get him from across the street while They're waiting. Maybe I should apologize real quickly because I'm low on electrolytes and I'm gonna be sipping this fermented owl urine throughout the show. And I wanna apologize now for doing that. Oh Jesus Christ. You know, You know, owl Urine doesn't taste as good as you think it would.


Oh, this is gonna be Epic. And it's going to start with an unbelievable bang. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a very, very special episode. Every once in a while, You know, I like to do things a little different. I like to keep the fans on their toes and You know, mix it up. So while we wrangle your first bucket pull of the night, I would like to present to you your first comic of the night. He is a regular, he is a hall of famer. He is the record holder for all time appearances on this show. All time interviews on this show.


Some people call him the Tyrant of Temecula, the Vermont Vascular vat, the Vanilla Gorilla, the Memphis Strangler. This is the Big red machine, a brand new minute from the one And only William Montgomery, H-O-T-T-O-G-O.


Hot to go. Sounds like something Hans Kim's mom would say when she's handing a customer food. My Spotify wraps as my top song for 2024 was Crop Dusting The Funeral Home During visitations, the guy who shot the United Healthcare CEO in New York City was caught today at a McDonald's in Pennsylvania. Apparently he was meeting with a hamburger to get some tips on poisoning people. I'm planning a Bar mitzvah and at the last minute the rabbi comes cancels on me because we're not Jewish and I don't have a son. So yeah, I'm back on the Hama train.


Okay, that's my time. Thank you Tony. Yeah, William Lights out. Montgomery, the Vagrant of Vermont. Yeah, the Hello my friend. How exciting you going first? It was so exciting because Tony, I haven't a, I wasn't able to play any call of duty this weekend. I was in Buffalo this weekend, so I am about to play some motherfucking, call it Tony. Tony. Whoa, look at This. I currently, and Tony, but here's the problem. I currently only have 20 gold, or no, excuse me, 20 diamond camouflages for my guns. I need 33. So I need to get 13 more Diamond camouflages this week, Tony, before I go to Indianapolis back.


Whoa. This is very exciting. I don't know how many, how many of You know this or have been noticing or paying attention to the episodes, but lately William hasn't been screaming that much because he's been having a sore throat. Your throat isn't sore all this Week. No, it hurts like a motherfucker don't have. Hey, but I'm just so excited about Call of Duty tonight. I'm not even kidding. I'm about to play for 10 hours. I'm about to pop a little Adderall, drink some espressos. Really? I don't know. I mean, it is kinda late. It will, it will be kinda late. But I, I might tomorrow. Wow. I probably will when I wake up tomorrow. But Incredible.


The great, would you like to, you have any questions or would you like to talk to the great RF K JR here live in the flesh? Yeah. RFK. So what is gonna happen if there's another pandemic or something? Are you gonna, are y'all gonna force people to get the vaccinations? I mean, what are y'all gonna do there? Well, I'll tell you what I'm gonna force you to do. 'cause I can see by your sunken eyes, you don't have enough iron in your blood. You're, you're losing blood. And so what I want you to do for me is I want you to save your feces and I want you to leave it out in the sun until you, and then I want you to just sprinkle that on your oatmeal in the morning and you'll, you'll thank me, you'll thank me for it, trust me.


And that's so weird you say that because when I was in Buffalo this weekend, I ate a whole bunch of the egg rolls with pizza inside and I had really bad shits. Today I am gonna have to get on my all brand buzz. I'm gonna have to do something, Tony. It's really bad. I've dooo twice today and it's always bad to dooo. And then when you Get up off the toilet and you get in the shower to clean off, you got a dooo again. You know, that's a, normally I can get all the dooo out of me, but two, today, they were still inside of me when I got in the shower. How were your shows in Buffalo? How did they go? Went good. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Oh, I got Tony. Oh my gosh. No, it was wonderful. It was the strangest thing. So I'm talking to this table of people, they're sitting very close to the front and I'm, it's this guy and this girl and I start kind of aggressively, what's that?


It's, It's fermented owl urine. You know what's tough about it is the owls have a, what's called a colloquial, which is the vagina and the asshole are one thing. So it, it's more like a, a asshole of sorts. And so what, what I have to do to get the urine is I have to filter out the feces, which you can never get all the feces out. Weirdly enough, that looks very similar to the antifreeze. I was feeding to red band's fucking mom to keep her ass sick last year when I was living over at her house.


Wow. Yup. I was giving her fucking dumb ass antifreeze at night. Dude. Whoa. And she get real sleepy then red man. Wow. Macon. Yo mama's sleepy. Here he is with a big retort coming, has grabbed at the purple. So wait, I got this report this weekend that you made a woman cry and she had to leave with her husband. Is this true? Is that what you were Getting at? It was the strangest thing. And I was telling the guy he needs to divorce the woman. I mean, it was the craziest behavior. I was just kind of aggressively talking towards them. And then I look back after like 30 seconds and the woman has her hands in her face and I'm like, bitch, are you crying? And she was fucking crying. And then I kinda went after her stupid fucking, 'cause it just seems like such weird behavior.


And then they ended up leaving and they were trying to steal the drinks as well. They tried to leave without paying for their food. So they were, they were weird. I don't know. It was very strange. You Told, you told the man, is this your bitch? And then she was crying and then you said, you need to control your bitch. Yeah. It was fucking out of control, Tony. Yeah, he really did. And then they fucking leave. It was fun though. It really was. And then I was, it Sounds like a good time. I mean, we've been getting these reports about these weekends. You have, this is two weekends in a row, we're gonna, I know where somebody's crying or there's a big disaster with somebody in the crowd. I know Like, like my mom. You seem very mean to women.


Are you gay or something? Maybe. Are you a Little gay boy Are you? Wow. Look at red band roasting man. I wouldn't Tell you. Whoa, whoa, secret gay man in an in the closet comedian. Wow. No, you keep that type of behavior up. You might get a Netflix special real fast, William. Alright, well anything else we should know about, about your crazy weekend and your life and everything Getting a little better at Tetris?


I've been playing Tetris on the Game Boy, in like the airports and stuff. I'm getting a little bit better. I started wa looking it up on YouTube. I'm looking up different techniques. I'm seeing how to play. I'm figuring out how to play. Wow. Absolutely incredible. I mean, what can I say that I haven't said about you a thousand times before? You're a legend. We love you. The New Minutes have piled up. You are the record holder gay. You are the backbone of the show. Red band thinks you're gay. Yeah, I know. That's kinda weird. That is kind of weird. That's a new angle. That's a new angle coming from red band. Red Band has figured out that calling you gay is something, Did you color your beard?


Red band. You got a little color in that, don't you? Did you do some just for Mengel? It looks a lot darker than Normal. I gotta tell you. I did. You look good. I put a little bit too much just For men. It looks so natural. No one can tell. Yeah, You wouldn't know anything about this. I wouldn't. No, I don't have a beard. I cannot grow a beard. There's not enough testosterone in the world for me to be able to grow a beard. I see these, I've seen, I've been seeing these, these people on like CNN, these trans correspondence. Like these women that have turned into men. I saw one the other day had a full fucking beard. I'm like, this is bullshit. I'm like, how the fuck are the trans people getting more testosterone into their bloodstream than me? I'm truly jealous of these women becoming more men than I am.


Like I'm a man and I'm on testosterone and I have a penis and balls and I still can't grow a full beard. One day, One day, one day, One day, One day I'll keep my fingers and my legs crossed. Ladies and gentlemen, this show has begun with the stylings of the great and powerful William Montgomery. Where do we go from here? What a way to start. That's normally how you end. It's like a Tarantino film. It started with the ending and I did meet Tarantino, my new, one of my new best friends. No big deal. Your first bucket poll is a legend.


Ladies and gentlemen. I remember this guy very clearly. Very interesting human being. Ladies and gentlemen. This is the long awaited return of Stern Worm. How could we forget from years ago? Stern Worm. One more time for Worm. You you. Yeah. So about a year ago I got a lap dance from a guy and I came in my couple of days later, I downloaded the Grinder app.


Within an hour I was getting head in a parking lot. 10 other messages from dudes within a one mile radius begging me to suck ma dick. You know, it's always looked like the gays are having more fun. After extensive research, I've come to the conclusion that theory is correct. I mean, my life is so gay, I might as well be fucking dudes. Pretty sure I'm not a homosexual, but I can't keep going along with this farce.


Did I miss some stalemate tie with all of y'all for being the straightest motherfucker that's ever lived. Fighting off the gay is exhausting to tie ribbon on it from this point. For There it is, stern worm. Everybody just basically kind of just talking about being gay. No real definitive jokes throughout the entire thing. Just kind kinda coming out of the closet. Is that all? Is that true? Is that real? It's all true. Yeah, it's all true. Yeah. So you really did, you had got a lap dance from a guy and you're like, I kind of like this.


I was like, yeah, I gotta go through more with this. And then I went, I did the Tinder thing, I mean the grinder thing. And like it was as lame as every hookup I've ever had with a girl. Like it was. So this is all new to you. This is your first gay stuff that's ever happened? Yeah. This is like two and a half years ago at this point. This is six months after I was on the podcast last time, right? Yeah, you were on years ago. I remember you. Something's different though, right? You had facial hair, you had, you have longer Hair. Nah, nah, same. Look, Same Look. I Got a podcast now though. Nobody cares about that. Trust Me. It's the IT Podcast. You're making people leave Storm War. Please do not promote your podcast. Stop. Relax, relax. Let's get back to this becoming gay all of a sudden thing because it sounds like a lot of fun.


We help William out. Oh, okay. You go right ahead. Will we help our friend William Out. There you go. Yeah, I heard I was crack. I heard what that whole thing was about. Call back to five minutes ago. Okay, so let's stick with it here. Worm. So where did you get this lap dance from? A guy? Where did you possibly Go? I went to a gay club. Okay, where were you at? Jersey. Jersey man. Okay. What was the name of the gay club? Did it have a gay Name? I don't, I don't want it. I don't know whether they're supposed to be doing that in, in there. So I don I don't wanna like air out the name of The place. You don't, you don't wanna get in trouble with your local gay club Right now? No. Like, I don't know whether that's supposed to be going on in there. So I I just A lap dance. Yeah, I mean it was a dude that worked there. It was like a go-go dancer man.


It was arousing. I think same general lap dancers are a rousing. Okay. Was but that was your first one? That Was my first one. So that happens and then you get on you that you sign up for a gay dating app? Yeah. Okay. And then what happened? Like I said, instantly like I don even have a picture up instantly I'm getting a million messages saying I'll suck your dick right now. And did you take these people up on the offer? I took one of 'em up on offer. But it was you Going? No, you go ahead. It was, Nah, I was just, it was like I didn't even get hard. It was the same problem when I tried to hook up with chicks back in the day. It's just when you were under pressure, it's just tough to get aroused. Like back in the day when KILL TONY was at the comedy store.


Yeah. When it was at the comedy store. There was Ari Matti dude who used to always say that they don't come during sex. That's not a real thing for guys. If you're turned on, you come unless you, unless you purposely don't come. But they weren't not coming. They just weren't getting turned on. You're like a rapper. That doesn't rhyme. I could rhyme though. No, no, no, no, no. Nobody wants that. Do you have a gay voice or is that how you talk to these guys? No, this is how much You just talk like that. So I talk to everybody. Hey, sorry I'm, I just can't get hard right now. That's a good old Jersey gay. So where did this attempted blowjob happen? The one that you couldn't get hard for.


You go to his place. You go to It was a parking lot. A parking lot? Yeah. Man, you just do gay stuff in inappropriate places. I was Have you ever done anything gay where gay stuff should happen? Like a bedroom I gave a week later I gave a, a head in his bedroom. I don't fucking care. I'm out here. Yo. Like if you sexually suppressed then you're less attractive to girls like I do. I think. I don't like girls. Not I do think I like girls, but am I fucked up in the heterosexual? Yeah, I've been fucked up in the head sexually for 20 years. I've been checked out the game. I just tried to be a rapper. It didn't work out. So our f K JR. This is why we've gotta stop with the goddamn vaccines.


Yo, yo they got yo, they got my water out there. Could I get it? Hey. Hey Tony. Could I plug something really quickly? Yes. I just wanna tell everybody my Christmas album, RFKs Rocking Christmas is dropping tomorrow at nine 30. I sing all the classics like cussy. Hold on. I want to hold. I gotta Clear. No, go ahead. RFK. Yeah. Chest nuts roasting on an open fire. Jack Frost nipping at your nose. A son of a bitch. Come. They told me p pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom.


Sit back around the fire with your family and enjoy RFK Junior's Rocking Christmas. Where can, where can people find this? Where can people find RFK Junior's Rocking Christmas Island Night. Oh, night. God damn it. Probably, I don't know, Walmart or something. So Stir Worm. You you were gonna say something. Two things. I got a water back there. Could I get it? Heidi? Heidi was gonna bring it to me. If you water, You need water right Now? Yeah. Yeah. My mouth is made dry. Okay. Yes. Thanks. And then the other thing, thanks. And then the other thing is I'm an only fan. It's a free OnlyFans. I started like two years ago.


What are you, what are you doing on this OnlyFans? Who wants to sign up for an OnlyFans where the dude can't even get hard? No, no. I show videos how I could actually get hard when, when I'm not feeling pressure and I show videos when it's all shriveled up. I jerk off it. I jerk Off. Okay. Stir worm. This is outta control. Have you written any comedy in the years that we haven't seen you? I've been working so hard on my podcast that I have been doing comedy, but I have, I have a zillion comedy minutes. Like I have, I have 15 three Minutes left. You have a zillion of them. And you came out tonight just talking about whatever the fuck that was. Yeah, I mean, to me, I think that shit's funny. I know it's not like joke, joke funny, but like, to me, like, It's not like ha ha funny.


I think it is, but I mean, I guess I have no, no sense of humor. I have a podcast episode called I have no sense of humor, but I, okay. All right. Stern worm. Well, it's been a while since you've been on this show. You know some this cool company, I'm gonna give them a shout out called Ghost Patch custom@ghostpatchcustom.com sent us these, it's hard to describe, but it's like an iron missile and it says, I bombed on KILL TONY. And I'm gonna throw this. You gonna catch it? Catch it with your ass. There you go. There he goes. Ladies and gentlemen, no chance. And it has begun Worm. No chance. Like A wrap. No chance. Like a Wrap.


There he goes. I can't spit a verse. One verse. You could caught me all once. No stern worm, everybody. There he goes. Storm worm. Did you have one in mind or something? Did you plan for that? I mean, what's that? Did you prepare to wrap or something? Yeah, Of course I did. I I'm a rapper. I mean I That's what you did years ago. Yeah. You didn't know I rap. It's been years Worm. Please. Something To hap. It's so good. I'm Okay. Here he is. Give him a little beat storm worm's gonna wrap real quick. A one, A two, A 1, 2, 3, 4. The the sunshine brighter after rain. I started writing rhymes so that I could share my pain. No matter where you're from, man, shit could get real. I was told the sky is blue. I see it more as teel stuck in a slump.


Can't see no finer groove. Catch me out here chasing dreams, trying to make moves. Getting fucked my life every day being screwed. I gotta win. 'cause so far all I've done is lose lately. All right, storm worm. There you go. Storm worm, everybody. Jesus Christ. Oh My God. Made everybody


placid. When you're on the go and it's time to refresh your energy, grab an ice cold Celsius Arctic vibe where zero sugar, seven essential vitamins and proven ingredients. Meet the pure refreshment of frozen berry. Unlike traditional energy drinks, each sip of Celsius is a perfect balance of flavor and function. So whether you're hitting the gym, the office, or your next adventure, grab an Arctic vibe at your local retailer or visit celsius.com to learn more


At Sierra. Discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality bikes, which might lead to another discovery. Oh, oh, getting back in the saddle isn't always comfortable. Good news is Sierra has massage guns. Ah and shave wipes too. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


We got another bucket pool. You guys ready for another comedian? 60 seconds uninterrupted. Going to Sam Henderson. Everybody. This looks like a new name. Sam Henderson. I really just really miss being a kid. Just 'cause you were young and dumb. You didn't have to have it all figured out. When I was a kid, I thought, I thought the word pedophile was someone who loved feet and it really shouldn't have been a problem. But my dad was a podiatrist, told my whole fifth grade class when I grow up, I wanna be a pedophile like my dad.


Cool. You guys like that? Cool, Cool. I saw, I saw a pretty interesting stat online the other day. I don't know if You guys know this, apparently conservative men consume the most trans porn. I thought it was an odd way to find out. I'm a conservative. All right, thank You guys. There You go. Sam Henderson getting a joke there in the end. Hello Sam. How long you been doing standup? I'm pretty new man. Like a year and a half. Okay. Where at? Where you been doing it?


At Lexington, Kentucky. Lexington. Kentucky. Okay. Is that where you live now or did you move here? No, I live in Lexington still. Okay. Has anyone ever told you that you look like a full size version of the mayor of the fucking munchkins? You remember that guy? I don't know that guy. You ever seen him? Look, look him up on your safari there. Right band. You're gonna see what I mean. This is actually quite incredible. Mayor of Munchkin land. That's what I was thinking of. Munchkin Land. Look at 'em. Look at that. Am I, I'm pretty spot on here.


Anyway, it doesn't matter. It's more of a big fan of munchkin land Joe, I guess. Alright. How old are you Sam? 27. What Do you do for work? I work for an ice company. Oh yeah? What do you do for the ice company? I don, I like drive a truck, deliver ice. Okay. All right. The back is very cold. 17 degrees. Wow. Wow. How long have you been delivering ice? For? About eight years. Wow. Amazing. What's the most exciting thing that's happened to you while delivering ice?


I was in a gas station once while I got robbed. You got robbed? I didn't get robbed. No, it got robbed. The Wawa got robbed in Philly. W what? Amazing. You were in Philly? Yeah, I was working out of town in Philly. Okay. You were delivering ice in Philadelphia? Yeah, we have like a bunch of plants around the, around the country. Move around. And what happened? What were you doing? I was putting ice in the ice box My day. You try fuck stop the robbery. Did you open a bag and put it at the door so they slip and fall or something? I've been watching all the home alone recently, and I I'm thinking about pranking people. You didn't contribute or help at all with this? No, no. I sat down like a little bitch.


There you go. So what type of childhood did you have in Lexington, Kentucky? I grew up in Jacksonville, Florida. I was a pastor's kid growing up. A What? Pastor's kid growing up. Okay. Pretty easy childhood. Played soccer. Right? It's pretty, pretty standard I would say. Yeah. What's the most exciting thing about your life? Sam Henderson? Most exciting thing about my life. I speak Spanish. Wow. Might not believe it. That's a big deal in Lexington, Kentucky. You might be the only person in Kentucky that speaks Spanish. That's absolutely incredible. Can you give us a little example of, of your Spanish? Can you say something that the, perhaps the, the band could understand the horn players over there?


Yeah. Wow. Listen to those. Jose. Oh, you son of a bitch. You son of a bitch. No. Bueno. Et la com. How about that? You piece of Shit. I love it. Sam, what's your love life like? You're in Kentucky, you banging your relative. I wish. I wish, Yeah.


What's going on? I'm single right now. Gotta have a relationship beginning of the year. Just been doing my thing, trying to do comedy. I I've been kind of planning on moving here, so I haven't been trying to get into any relationship or anything, so Yeah, you don't wanna, you don't wanna, you definitely want to not hook up with anybody just in case. If you ever have to be lost in Texas, Listen dude, it's not completely dry, but I don't know. I'm, I'm, I'm too emotional to like, always hook up with people like that, You know? When You say you're too emotional, give us an example of what you mean by that. It is just like, after I finished immediately, I just feel disgusting.


You know? I'm like, it may be that like the girls aren't hot enough. It may be that, but it's really, I don't know. I'm like, don't touch me, I wanna leave right now. Like, Do you, do you have any tricks to get away or have them get away from you? Do you, is there anything that you've said or done right after sex to get rid of the opposing Party? No, dude, I'm not, I'm not mean enough. I just sit there and despair and You just feel disgusting. Yeah, Usually it's better. Like if it's at their house, you can, you can just Get up and leave. Yeah. I feel you brother. Fuck. When I know Cheryl wants to make love, I have a panic attack.


I worry I can't finish. You know, guys know this. After about six months, it's really hard to, to finish. You know, you've gotta find things in your life, You know, that you, you can take to the bedroom and fantasize. Take for example, me right now, I, I've been having some fantasies about this woman in the front row and I feel horrible about it, but I can take that with me and hopefully finish later. So try that my friend. There's a little health advice from the great book. I love You. I love you RF K JR. Giving you some really good advice there. Sam. I'm gonna give you one of these little joke books.


Congratulations. You've made it on KILL TONY. There he goes. Sam Henderson, everybody. This is fun. You having fun? RFK. No Way. Yeah, sorry Tony, I have to apologize because I, You know, I'm doing my amens and secrets keep us sick and I wanna apologize to this woman for sexualizing her like that. I, the whole time he was talking, I was having a fantasy and, and it's just not right. And I apologized. I was, she was laying on a bed in my mind full, not clothed at all. And I was, I was above her and I just Louis c Kate all over her. And I, and I, I just wanna say I'm sorry to you.


It's beautiful, beautiful. The new director of health is that the title Director of Health. Unfortunately the fantasy didn't stop there. Tony. I then brought her into a tub to clean off my mess and I was massaging her breasts of course. And I began to get aroused and I thought, God, damnit. RFK, can you just, this is someone's daughter, God damnit. But I, but I couldn't help myself and I apologize to you, miss Wow. Hope she says you're forgiven. Well, you may not when you hear about the rest of my fantasy, you see?


No, please, please, just let me finish and please don't laugh. This is, I'm trying to make amends here and secrets do keep us sick. Then what happened was, in my fantasy, of course she had asked me to tuck my genitalia down under myself. So I looked like a lady in the front. And then she said that I looked like a pretty girl, which of course brought a tear to my eye 'cause it was something I always wanted to hear. And then of course she came from behind me and kicked me in the nutsack and I ejaculated immediately. But by the way, I'll be right.


I have to change. I'll be right. RF K JR Ladies and gentlemen says he has to go change. That's very interesting. Gotta love it. I wonder if there's a microphone back there and he is gonna keep telling us about the fantasy. Alright, pulled another name out of the bucket. We're gonna keep the fun train moving along. This looks like another new name. Make some noise for Joe Barnhold. Everybody. Joe Barnhold. Somebody outside told me I look like I play in a Weezer cover band, so that's cool You guys.


I got married. Oh, thank you so much. I appreciate that. Then I got divorced. Hey, there's always a little bigger tier for that one, statistically. That makes a lot of sense. So don't cry for me though. I got the house in Tahoe and the divorce. And by that I mean I live in my Chevy. My ex and I are actually still good friends. Turns out she's a lesbian. Not saying that like a vindictive man. Like she's actually a lesbian. And people ask me, Joe, was there any indication, anything that would've told you she's a lesbian. And aside from the fact that I'm a giant pussy and she ate me alive, I cannot, cannot say that there was any indication.


On a completely unrelated note, did You guys know that scissoring really hurts your balls? Like a, like a lot You guys, I told that joke in Birmingham, Alabama and a guy yelled out. You're doing it wrong. Way more progressive down there than I was giving him credit for. Thank You guys. My name's Joe Barnhold. Appreciate that. Joe Barnhold with a minute. Hi Joe. Hey, how's it going? Good. Welcome. Welcome. Appreciate. How long were you married? I'm married for five years. We actually signed our paper on our fifth year anniversary. And you were surprised when you found out she was a lesbian?


She started turning into a witch towards the end of our marriage in way self, self-identify incense and moon water. And Was calling herself a witch? Yes. Yes. Wow. Yeah, Absolutely incredible. So, But To say I was shocked would be a little bit of an overstatement, but it was a Surprise. You didn't think there was something lesbian esque about her when she married a Rachel? Mad. Ow impressionist. You should see me when I'm clean shaven. I am amazing. Very lesbian. Amazing. So how did she break the news to you? That she was interested in women? She actually came clean to me because she was worried that a neighbor had seen her new partner coming through and she wanted it to come from her rather than coming from a third party source.


Right. So she reached out to me and was like, Hey, I need to confess I'm dating someone. And I went, oh, that's cool. And she went, it's a woman. And I went, oh, we never had a threesome. That's unfortunate. Yeah. Did you try to work it out and try to have that? It was, did you Pitch that idea? No, we were kind of at the friend zone at that point in time. Right. Our marriage had, You know Right. Become, become devolved into friendship. So. Right. So no kids. No kids. Nope. Kid free. Right. And she slowly became a witch. Yes. Did that bother you at all? It's a witch sound effect. It's a great sound effect. The rarely used witch sound Effect. Yeah, I'm Sure that's Red Man has been fingering lingering his finger over that button for 13 and a half years, just waiting for an opportunity.


That's Not the sound they make when you finger a witch. So That's a goblin laugh. I know a goblin laugh when I hear it. There you go. Okay. So what do you do for work? I do comedy and music full time. So What kind of music do you Do? Comedy. Music. And I'm in a band that does full band hip hop and playing. You do in a band that does what? Full band, hip hop, Full band hip hop. Yeah. What do you do in the band? I play guitar, I do rhythm and little bit of vocals. A little bit of vocals? Yes. You do comedy, hip hop? No, I, well, so my comedy songs are all over the place. I do a song about Jesus, A song. I just wrote a song about fucking Santa. Okay, so can we hear some of your fucking Santa song?


You wanna tell the band what to do? Sure. Yeah. They, They're, they're actual Professional Musician musicians. So if you just tell them. So it's, it's, man, what's the style? It's just, it starts on G the one, the four, the five. And then that, God, You're turning us all into lesbians right now. This is so incredible. That's It's a slow song. Yeah. If, if you got a guitar I could play it for, for you a guest guitar if you want play. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh we Have, we do have the guest guitar. There's the lovely Heidi, Man, I literally With a guitar. We're gonna plug it on in. You gotta put it on.


This is incredible. He reminds me of Colt. Colt that this is like you Colt, come up here, stand next to this guy. Take your, take your hoodie and your hat off real quick. We're gonna do a little, do a little experiment, see which one is which. Yeah. Gimme some of that cult music. Look at that everybody. Hey look At that. Look at this. Just stand up there next to 'em. Like You guys are conjoined twins. I just want you to stand there with them. No, leave the hat off. Colt, leave the hat off. Very good. There you go. Yeah, it's perfect. Alright, here we go. That's the spirit. A G to the one, to the two, to the fifth. And here we go.


Hey brother. Okay, here we go. We're gonna go. So Colt's just gonna, I love you Santa. You are on the way. It's almost Christmas. And you dress in a slave. Put me on the nice list. Your good little boy. But we could be naughty if you bring me toys. Oh, Santa, come fill me with joy. Oh, Chest nuts. Roast on fire.


Yes sack. RFK. Junior's Rocking Christmas. Oh My God. Available now. Lincoln, Some kids want presents. I just want your sack. I left out cookies and milk for you. Santa. But can I be your snack? My polar bear, Santa. Wow. Amazing. Do give me pause. Santa Santa, the shepherd boy to the mic. What'd you say? RF K JR. Sha being shepherd Boy, go ahead. Let's do a duet. Keep going. Let's Do A duet.


I, my voice blends well with other voices, so let's try this there. Sand. You're a polar bear. You fucking queer. Go ahead. I'll follow the changes. I'll try me boy. Oh man, I was not prepared for that. This is your big break. Do it. I know, I know. Oh My God. Show us what you got. You can do it Rachel. Perfect. Shave your be Santa. Yeah. Shave your beard. You son of a bitch. Name Mrs. Claus. Yeah. Ugly old whore.


Slide down my chimney. It's my fantasy. Oh no. Step Santa. I'm stuck in the tree. Yeah. Santa, come bring it to me. Yeah, Get RFK is rocking Christmas. Tomorrow afternoon Joe Barnhold with a little music with the lovely colt backing him up. Twin brother. Thank you Colt. And amazing harmonies by the great RF K JR. Amazing stuff. Drinking. You guys fermented Al Pits? Yes. I thought it was, I forgot.


I thought it was Mountain Dew and I maybe they, you really gotta prepare before you put Owl urine in your mouth. Just, just a heads up.


RF K JR is promoting Kyle Dunnigan dot com. He's on tour. Kyle Dunnigan dot com. That's D-U-N-N-I-G-A n.com. Important. And now sometimes we have these people come on like Dr. Phil promotes Adam Ray. It's exciting to have RF K JR. Promoting Kyle Dunnigan. I love it. You guys could promote anything in the world and instead you take care of good amazing comedians free speech. This Kyle Dunnigan, you've met him before. He is a friend. He's fantastic. He does like a lot of puppet work and he juggles too. Go, go see Kyle Dunnigan. He actually just juggles the puppets. He doesn't actually mouth them at all, they just fly through the air. He was here this weekend. He was fantastic. Kyle Dunnigan dot com for tour tickets. One of the funniest people on planet Earth.


Joe, what is the most interesting, craziest thing that's ever happened to you in your life? My band has played Red Rocks. Okay, so that's like your biggest accomplishment. How did You guys sell tickets for that? Are You guys famous? So, Well, we're pretty well known in the Denver music scene and we got the opportunity to play before they do a movie on the rocks where they show a film and you Get, what was the movie? Opening band? Top Gun Maverick. So open. Wow. Open for Tom Cruise. Wow. Which Is sweet. Amazing. Amazing. I bet you a lot Of people open for Tom Cruise. Yeah. All right Joe, well okay.


You did pretty decent, right? Did you do, you did good. Right? Here's the big joke book. Take one of these. There he goes. Joe Barnhold. Thank you. Let's get one more bucket pull up here, then we'll get a regular. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, this looks like another new name. Exciting stuff. 60 seconds uninterrupted for Simon Perkovich. Simon Perkovich. How you feeling guys? Are you feeling guys? I know Tony is, anyway.


I am 11 months sober From marijuana. Yeah, look at that. Nobody's happy for me anymore. People are like boo. That's only 'cause you hear the good stuff. You know, they never talk about the negatives. Like you notice that. It makes you stop dreaming. You, have you noticed this? Of course not. You're toasted right now. Big dreamer right here guys. I'm from Colorado. What if like, like my whole state isn't dreaming. What if Martin Luther King Jr. Was from Colorado? He would've never had that dream. Dude. We would be peeing in different bathrooms.


The marches. They would've never happened. Would you ever hit the Doy and think, guys, let's go on a hunger strike. Alright everyone, shut up. Shut up chap. No, seriously. Shut up pussy. Alright. Okay. Simon Percovich, Ladies and gentlemen. Hi Simon. Welcome. Hi. How long have you been doing standup? I've been dabbling for three years, but I'd say I've been doing it for like a month. Okay. And that's in Colorado? Yeah, Telluride. Nice. Okay. What do you do for a living? I was trying, I was a bartender and I'm trying to be a farmer.


Marijuana. Yeah, I, I wish, oh no, you can do that in where I'm from. But you can't really do that here anymore, can you? Unless, if you're doing that weird Delta eight stuff. Right. I get, I don't, I don't really know the industry that well. Oh, okay. I just buy it and smoke it. No, But I like organic stuff. Like I've worked on a mushroom farm, apple farm, all kinds of stuff. Okay. It sounds very healthy. Are you a healthy guy? I try to be healthy. It's kind of tough when you move to a new city and you're not connected to farm stuff, But mostly you do eat healthy. Yeah, I think so. Organic. What's a guilty pleasure for you? What's something that you eat that's unhealthy? Guilty pleasure.


I love donuts. Like voodoo donuts down the way, kind of been fucking me up lately. Yeah. How has it been fucking you up? Well, so I live in a van and I gotta find a what? That's not funny. Shut up. Nobody Laughed. You're right. You can't just be like, Hey, stop. That's not funny. But like, everyone was just completely silent. Fuck He's dreaming. Yeah. I just, I wish they would laugh, Dream in donuts over Here, but no, like, I gotta find a place to piss in the morning. So I, I'm walking down, I, and it's always voodoo donuts and like, I'm trying, You know, to eat healthy, like you said.


But if you get, You know, I feel guilty just going in and asking to use the bathroom. So I gotta get like, at least three or four. You eat three or four donuts daily? Yeah. RF K JR. What do we think about three or four daily donuts? Well, it depends what kind you're talking. What sort of donut are you talking about? It's a good question. You know, there, are there certain donuts that are Oh yeah. There's definitely a bunch of, they, they make actually a, a delicious bison donut by me. And those are actually quite healthy by the way. Here I have some kangaroo meat if you want to take a bite off that you Actually, you actually have kangaroo meat, some Kangaroo meat. It's a really high in vitamin Q if anybody's interested in trying.


All right. Nice. Something about RF K JR. I don't, I I don't even laugh. I go directly to cracking the fuck up. It's pretty, pretty special. I can't believe my hero is on stage right now. You're a big Is there, have You I've, I've never been vaccinated and like, like my mom. You're, you're like my mom's biggest hero too. All right, I'd like to hear that. Have you tried any owl urine? This, this is this. Here's measles mumps, and I'm hoping herpes. Please God, please God. Herpes. Oh, take away the itch.


Oh god. Holy shit. So Simon, what do you do for fun? What's a guy that you out in Telluride do for fun? Well, in Telluride it's skiing, snowboarding, whitewater rafting. Biking. Is that what you do? Yeah, I do all these things. Okay. But here I've been two stepping. Oh really? Yeah. You just never see blacks, right? I mean, when, when are you They they come for one festival in Telluride. It's called Blues and Brews and they're all on stage and we're just staring at 'em.


Wow. Wow. Blues and bruise. Yeah, like beer. Oh, I expected it to be B-R-U-I-S-E 'cause they beat up people. Okay. I wanna see this two step. How many of you think we should see 'em? Two step 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4. That's a giant, it's a giant woman you're dancing with. Whoa.


Rudolph the red nose right there had a very shiny nose. It got clear. And if you ever saw him, you would even say it. Close out of the other reindeer air is the laughing. Call him names. God dammit. They never let that son of a bitch play any goddamn games. There's a lot of bullies and assholes out there. You see a reindeer? I'm gonna kick him in the goddamn head. I am having, I am having so much fun right now.


Oh My God. Yeah. It's Real hard to step in alone. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Obviously it's also hard doing comedy alone when you're, you So, Simon. Simon. Simon, what's your love life like up until you ride Telluride? Nothing here. I had a girlfriend and she, So wait, you moved here? Yeah. Okay. I must have missed that. How long ago? Like a month ago. Okay. Halloween. You had a girlfriend here already? Yeah. I jump into these things real quick. Yeah. How'd That go? Not great. I she two step right outta my life. Yeah. And yeah, actually I was gonna, I was gonna call her today and kind of say, Hey, we can still be friends.


And Did she tell you why she left you? No. No. Can you tell why? Can you tell why? Yeah, why? Just basically how I am. I'm like, I'm awkward and I, I get too attached to People. Oh, you did? Can you give an example of how you got too attached to this woman? And how soon after You guys started hanging out, did you get attached? Oh, instantly what happened? But I was trying, trying to play It off. Yeah. So give us some example. Well, I, I rush into these things 'cause like, it's kind of a trick to get that. Like, if someone cares about you, it's really easy to care about yourself. But then like when that person leaves, like, I'm supposed to still care about myself. I fucking don't.


But like, You know when I mean, take care of yourself. I mean like, clean my room. 'cause someone will come see it. I thought you lived in a van. It Is a van. Well, okay. My, my room is my van. Why do you say yo Like that? Like It's your fucking van. You're saying it like if There's room in it, You call it your room. You didn't say I need to clean my van. You call it a room? Yeah. It's my living room. Wow. That's amazing dude. And it's like, it's a bus. It's big. All right, well, okay, so did you, what, what did you say or do? That was so clingy Right after I got on KILL TONY.


The first time I called. You've been on before? Yeah. I was here like three or four weeks ago. Holy shit. You, you made me talk about having like sclerosis, which by the way, I've admitted to like my parents and then you and everybody in the world. Okay. Yeah. Did did you look different a few weeks ago? I had a beard. Okay, that'll do it. Yeah. Here's a little joke book. Simon. Congratulations. You've been pulled out of the bucket twice in a month


With Uber Reserve. Good things come to those who plan ahead. Family vacate. Reserve your ride as soon as you book your flights to all the planners. Now you can reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See Uber app for details.


Screwball peanut butter whiskey. Why the hell not? A little salty, a little sweet, a little savory and always smooth. Screwball the original peanut butter whiskey. That's unexpectedly delicious. Visit screwball whiskey.com to learn more. That's screwball with a K. Enjoy responsibly. Copyright 2023 Screwball Spirits. LLC. New York. New York.


There he goes. We're gonna move it right along. Ladies and gentlemen. It is indeed time for a regular 60 seconds uninterrupted from one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. A freak of nature out there touring, selling out absolutely everywhere. Truly one of the fastest growing comics in the world. This is a brand new minute from the one and only the great and powerful. This is Cam Patterson. All right. So I'm still trying to do like the acting thing or whatnot. And I had like an audition for a role a couple weeks ago and I it was for a drug dealer, so right on time.


Right. So I thought I had it in the bag and then I got there and there was a lady with a camera and a gay dude, right? And we was reading our lines and shit and he was reading it with me, but he was reading the lines as my girlfriend. That's crazy, right? So I'm saying my lines or whatnot. I'm like, hey bitch, here go to drugs. And then his line is, Oh My God, I love you so much. And every time he said that, I laughed because that's funny, right? Like what the fuck? And he would be like, you gotta be more serious. I'd be like, no problem. He say it again and I laugh again and I'm gonna tell you something. I should get that role man. 'cause I was, that was fucking great acting dog. He had no idea I was homophobic, You know what I'm saying? And if you think I'm dead ass, I'm not homophobic.


I have no problem with gay people. I have gays in my family. I don't talk to 'em, but they in my family I tell you that much. That my time. There it go. There it is. Exactly a minute. RF K JR. Tony. I haven't looked to my right yet. Is it a black guy? It's it's a y. Oh My God. Oh that would be so racist. Thank God. Who you thought it was? I don't know. I just wanted to make sure You the you, you the dude with the health shit. You be doing healthy shit. I do. I do the health shit. Hell yeah. That's good. That is his official title. The Health shit. The health Shit.


Hell yeah. Yeah. That's hard man. How about another hand for the great Cam Patterson coming out getting some of the biggest pops of the night. Big pops of laughter. It was Fun man. Hell yeah. It's all happening. Hell yeah. You really went on and auditioned for that? Yeah. No, not well. Yeah I did. Yeah. Yeah I was in, I was already in LA doing shit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And so, yeah, but it was funny. I'm not gonna get that part at all. But it was funny. Yeah, I got a joke outta that. Yeah you did. That's all that matters. See well worth it. And you still might get the role Hopefully. Was it for like a big thing? Yeah, it's Pretty big. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds about right. A rising star.


What's that under your hat tonight? Nothing. There's something there. No it's not. Yeah Huh? There's a little something. Is that a, is that a what we call, is that a do-rag? Whoa. Oh My goodness. It's like you're like a black genie. Oh My goodness. Whoa, whoa. Wow. Wow. Whoa. Oh It's you. It's you. I got really scared for a second. It's a sche a 'cause it's cold and shit be cold outside and I ain't got no haircut so it help with my hairline and shit like that. Hell yeah. All people don't have that problem 'cause y'all don't have y'all hair.


Don't you feel what I'm saying? You get what I'm saying? Help nigga. Right. Hell go the help nigga. Get what I'm saying. That's right. My n word. Hell Yeah. You get it type shit. This is good man. Hell yeah. This is nice. I Feel ya. Hell yeah. Our FK junior, a true politician able to talk to any type of person. He, you the one with the worm in your brain ain't That's right. That's right. Type shit. Hell yeah. That's hard. It's good man. Hell yeah. This is fun. So what's going on under there? It looks like mean there's some stuff like happening underneath It. Under my head. Yeah. What? Under my, well my why like I ain't, I ain't get a get a haircut in a minute, so my hair look crazy. Okay. Yeah. So fuck no bitch.


Wow. No. Hell no. My goodness. I'll take it off for $200. Whoa. 200 bucks lady. Bitch, Do you have the money? White bitch? Nope. She says no, she does not have the money. Shocker. So what else is going on Cam? I was in, I was in Rochester, New York this weekend. Ooh. Yeah. That place is fucking terrible. It is terrible You guys. Huh? It's so interesting to me. You and William, you were in Rochester, he was in Buffalo. Yeah. Truly, as I've said so many times before, absolutely two of the worst places in the United States of America.


Upstate New York is the worst. Yeah, man. They had this shit up there called a garbage plate, and it was just like, it's exactly what you think it is. Bunch of bullshit on the plate. Puerto Rican food. Oh, shut up. Come on, shut up The Puerto Ricans. Exactly. Oh, Extra Tony makes another joke about Puerto Rico extra. When did you get that? That's a new one. Got a bunch Of new shit. A few of them. Wow. You got a few new ones. First time. The soundboard has changed in seven and a half years for those of you keeping track.


Very exciting. What else do you have there that's new? Anything else good? No, nothing. Nothing that you're proud of there. Come on. Never Heard of them and don't want to hear of them. Oh, I just get it. I just understood What that was. Got it. That's funny. That is so funny. Fuck he get glasses from, he always had glasses. Oh, sorry. I was distracting. I was setting a dick pic to a journalist. Hello.


I love it. So Cam, what were we talking about? Rochester? Garbage plates. Oh yeah. Garbage plate Ass nigga. It's terrible. It's, it's, it was, it, it was, it made me mad. 'cause they really stood by that bullshit. And I, it was me, jolly and my other homeboy jar. We was all there. And my, my cameraman is white. I got a white cameraman. Wow. Thank God. Yeah. Reparations. You know what I'm saying? White people outta shit like that. I have one person, one, I'm a good person. You feel what I'm saying? One of the good ones. Yeah. Whoa. Whoa. What, what? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So I got a white cameraman, right? And we opened our, our, we opened our food up and it was the garbage plate in front of us. And my cameraman just went, y'all wanna be slaves so bad.


That's how, that's how terrible the food was. It looked like slave food. It was terrible. Wow. It was god awful. It made me upset. I wanted to kill those people. Yeah. People was cool though. The food was God offer dog Freezing cold up there. This, It was cold to see. Yeah, it was cool. I like the cold now, man. I'm a, I'm a real trap person, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I be all around the world and I be seeing snow and shit like that. It don't even, it don't even phase me no more. Yeah. I just see snow and I go, that snow puts in. I keep moving. That's right. Because I've been around the world now, I think to you, Tony. I appreciate that brother. Hell yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. All around the world. Always writing, always working a nonstop fucking undeniable machine.


Hell Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, the great and powerful Cam Patterson, everybody another new minute. Amazing. Sometimes how the people that do it every week, You know, this has been A real sausage fest. Come on. Yeah. We're gonna see what happens next. This is a one word name. Anything could happen. Could be a boy, could be a girl. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for law. LAW It's law, everybody. So when I was in high school, girls would play this game called Fuck, marry, kill. And it's like where you make a list on who do you rather fuck, marry or kill.


And one time this girl made a list of me, Shrek and the donkey from Shrek. Yeah. Guess who got killed? The girl who made the list. Yeah. So my cousin, my cousin just came out as gay on Facebook because I have his password.


I remember one time my girlfriend and I were having sex and she kept saying, is it in yet? And as a man, that's not something you wanna hear when you're fisting your girlfriend. Appreciate you Law. Ladies and gentlemen. What Up? What Up? The KILL TONY. Debut of law. What's good, brother? Wow. Very impressive. Welcome. Welcome. Thanks for having me, man. This is the first time I've seen your standup, but I have seen you around here. You work here at the Mothership Now?


I do, yep. Amazing stuff. Adam knows how to pick them. Amazing. Do you sign up for the show often? I mean, yeah, when I'm working. Yeah. Yeah. I be chilling. I love it. I love it. How long you been doing standup? Four years. Four Years. Where? At Baltimore, Maryland. And you moved here how long ago? Like six months ago. Six months ago? Yeah. You love it here? Oh, it's great, man. Yeah. So many white bitches. Yeah, There's a lot of them. You know, I ain't like them at first, but now I do. Yeah. Why didn't you like them at first? What do you, what do you prefer? What, what's, what's the pluses and minuses of the white bitches? Racism?


Nah, white, white bitches. The, the pros, it's just a cultural thing, You know? Baltimore, all the white bitches do heroin, so Yeah. Out here it's just like ecstasy and shit. So yeah, it's pretty chill. The cons. Yeah. Their dads hate me. Right? Yeah. So That makes sense. I feel like I'm a lovable guy. You are. Appreciate you, Man. Yeah, I could see that you're extremely likable. Your delivery's incredible writing, execution, fucking everything. Amazing. Thanks, man. What, what have you been doing for work up until this point?


I was a middle school special education teacher. Whoa. Yeah. Aw. You could hear all the white women going Aw. Yes. All At once. They really all hit that note. Yes, sir. Amazing. What was that like for you? Oh, it sucked. Yeah. It was terrible. I mean, I, I did it in, it was in Baltimore, so it was just chaos. Yeah. You know, it, it's, it's hard to teach a kid after he called you a nigga, You know? Right. It's, it's pretty difficult. Yeah. Yeah. But I had to do it. Yeah. You know, and I taught that kid about slavery and everything.


Yeah. They're allowed to call you that in that type of school, right? Unfortunately, yes. Yeah. Yes. That would've been fun. Well, but you, yeah, we can restrain them though. So like, I had to, I had to like learn different holds to restrain a kid. Yeah. So like, I did get a couple of licks in Hell. Yeah. Absolutely. Were there any special ones that stood out to you? Oh man. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I'm not gonna say his name, I guess, right? Yeah. His name was Wayne, and it was this, this chunky ass white kid.


And I mean, obviously he was, he was racist, but he like, loved me, so all of the races would come towards me. So he would get into these things called like crisises to where like, he would just flip the table and, You know, he'd hit all the kids, throw the desk, and then he'd say the N word and he'd be like, see, you're making me racist. I don't think this guy had any mental problems whatsoever. Yeah, it was, it was, it was, it was tough, You know. But at the end of the day, I mean, he, he loved like, cops, like police officers.


Yeah. They all do. Yeah. We, We, yeah. It's Just the lights on the car. Yeah. Yeah. And, and so we would just bring in a police officer at the end of the day and he would just be chilling with Wayne. Yeah. And then I get to leave. You left him with the police officer? Oh yeah. You know, you could teach the cops and stuff, I guess. Or they could teach him. You know, Tony, I hate to interrupt this, but I'm getting a little, what did you say your name was? His name? Your Name? Law. Law. Yeah. I'm sorry.


I just, I don't, I probably shouldn't tell this story, but I was in Nang about eight clicks outta Saigon, and I was helping this girl across the border. Her name was Law, and I haven't thought about her in years. Anyway, she stepped on a landmine and it, it blew her into two pieces. And it, it was like a chicken when she kept walking as two separate beings. And she came to me like, help. And I pushed her to together, but it was too late. But anyways, it was a funny set.


Great time. Oh, oh My goodness. Law, sir. So being raised, being raised in Baltimore, you were around a lot of black men, right? Yeah. And your name is Law? LAW. So did a lot of those guys try to break you? 'cause I hear that they love breaking Black men, breaking me Breaking laws. Black men love breaking laws. Your name is law. I got nervous at first. Oh, Jon Deas is booing my black men breaking laws joke.


Yeah. Okay. It's like I'll have to run for office next year. I thought it was smart. I've never met a black guy named law before, but, all right. Welcome, huh? Oh, yeah, not, yeah. Yep, it's me. Do you have any hobbies or anything like that other than standup comedy? Anything that you're interested in? Yeah, I mean, I, I read a lot of books. Yeah? Yeah. What kind of books? All right, so I guess Urban Fiction. What Is, what exactly is that? Like Tales from the Hood? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Alright. So it's, it's like this author called Donald Goss. So You know, a hood nigga and My type of person. Yeah. So he has this novel, it's called Whore Son. So it's about like a prostitute, like a mom. And she gives birth to his son and she's like, well I'm a whore and that's my son, so we're gonna call him whore son Jones owns, it's just a real book. Like, I'm so, and like, so pretty much he just becomes like a, like a pimp. Is this erotic fiction that you're reading? Like is this like, I mean if you like hitting women and stuff like that, is This like and it's about black people?


Yeah, he is like a pimp. Is there a special like black library that you go to or something somewhere where you just take the books and don't check 'em out, you just leave with them or something like that? You should just steal the books. Yeah. It's like's like a one shelf in Barnes and Nobles Smashing with all the security cameras pointed towards it Right there. LA I am positive. You're so funny. I just know it. Adam has the best eye for talent here. And if you work here and if, if you have multiple minutes, anything like that minute that you did, what's the longest set you've ever done before? 25 minutes. What's the biggest audience you've ever performed in front of before?


Biggest audience. About how many people? Just ballpark it. Probably like 500. Very cool. Would you like to do a minute on December 30th live from the HEB Center in Arena. Sold out already? Yeah. It'll be the new biggest audience you performed in front of by Absolutely thousands and thousands of people. Appreciate it. And I would Love to have you on the secret show Thursday if you can. I'm in There. And of course you're getting a big joke, buck. That's it. The total package he's performing in an arena. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Law Ladies and gentlemen be on the lookout for this guy.


That is, that's funny. That guy's funny. Alright, we're moving back to the bucket everybody. You guys still having fun out there? Oh shit. One of kid rock's, ex-girlfriends is going to the bathroom. There she goes. All right. Another one word name back to back. Make some noise for Taja or Tja. Taja. How y'all doing? How the rest of y'all doing? Good, good. Now y'all look good man. It's a very diverse room of white people.


I like now white people make some noise. All right. Black people make some noise. Don't make no more noise. Bitch, that shit was crazy nigga. Nah, nah, look. Okay. Okay, let me get into it. Man. I got, I just went bowling with my grandfather, man. 70 years old. We can give it up for that. We can give up for that. Yeah. Yeah. He whooped my ass though. Beat the shit outta me. After he beat me, he got in my face. He said that's how you bowl, nigga. My granddad's white by the way. I don like that. Like my racist granddad. He look like you nigga. I ain't gonna lie.


Nah man. I am biracial though. I grew up with a white dad and it's crazy. He used to make me do yard work all the time. Some shit just don't feel right, You know what I'm saying? Nah, he used, he used to say Nah, you need to make sure that y'all look nice so people don't think we white trash. And I was like, we, They gonna think I'm a slave boy. You gotta, all right. That's my time. Thank y'all. My name's Tyson. Okay. Taja. Am I saying that right? Taja. Taja. T-A-I-J-A. That's a tough one. Everybody mispronounces that one, right? Oh God. I knew a girl and nevermind.


Oh, I wanna know. I wanna, oh come on. Don't hold back now. It's Not as tame as the last story. It's, I don The one where you put a person split in two back together. It's Worse than that one. And I'd rather not say it. All right. Tony. It's a comedy show guy. Ta tajay welcome. Yes, yes, yes. So you're half white. What's the other half exactly? Black As hell. Just Straight up black? Yeah, just straight black. Straight black. Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Ethiopian. Nah, nigga just like black Do. Do you get that a lot? Nah, I get a lot of like miscellaneous shit though. Like Miscellan?


Yeah. Yeah. And Stark. Miscellaneous. Miscellaneous. I'm saying that right, Right now you are? Yeah. Yeah. I'm saying it right. Lemme Yeah, You fixed it. You said miscellaneous twice. Miscellaneous? Yep. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We there. We there. I Love it. We there. Okay, so just regular black and white dad's. White mom's black. Are they still together? Hell Nah, Uhuh. Why not? My mama crazy, bro. She just, just a crazy bitch. But she crazy. I love her, but she crazy. I love it. Tell me more about your crazy black mother. She got, she got multiple sclerosis, You know, y'all know what that is?


Yeah, but I think she lying though. That's the thing. I think. I don't think she being for real 'cause she like to smoke. So when she got it, she got a weed card, her little license or whatever. Ah. And yeah, I think she lying man. I do think she's lying. My dad's reasonably crazier though. Okay. Tell us about your crazy white pop. He Got three baby mamas. Whoa. And yeah. Yeah. I said baby mama. So they all black. They're all black. Wow. He smoked black and mouths. Wow. Yeah. This Is a white guy. Yeah. Really white. He kind of looked like red band just a little bit. Whoa. That's swear Guy. Y'all think I'm bullshitting nigga? No cap. No cap. No cap on God, nigga bet. What's his name? Like Roger or something.


Does he have a white man? Harley. Harley. Like a, yeah. What is it? Oh, what fuck is that nigga? That's amazing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is incredible. What does he do for a living? He a realtor. Really? He sells real estate. Yeah. And he is got three black baby mamas. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. This is absolutely incredible. RFKG. Who, Who is the one with Ms? Is that My mama? All right, I want you to do something 'cause I can cure this. All right. Listen. No, I'm, I'm being, I want you to give her this. It looks like a lifesaver, but it's not. This is dehydrated bat come. It's, it's got no, it's, that's all you need to do.


Just how she'll be as good as gold in the morning, Real nigga. All right? Yep. So what do you do for a living? I'm an electrician, but I ain't working right now. Really? You know how to reish. Yeah, I do. I know how to do that shit. Yeah. You Know. Where'd you learn that at School? Trade school. Trade School. Yeah. Yeah. What do you do for fun? What are some hobbies? Other than standup comedy? No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I been eating a lot of pussy with my shoes on. Okay. That makes sense. You look like Brittany Grinder, so that makes sense. Eating pussy with your shoes on.


Is there a reason why you leave your shoes on, nigga? Because if it tastes bad, I can walk right outta that motherfucker. I ain't bullshitting nigga. Right. And if it smells bad, it's definitely not your feet. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I guess, yeah, Indeed. Sometimes the taste of pussy is so terrible that I cannot even take the time to put my shoes on. I must have them on already. I'm just like, you tasia Taja. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Taja ta write it like I sound out Type shit. Okay. How many times have you eaten a pussy in which you would need your shoes on to immediately evacuate the premises in a timely, unbelievably timely manner?


And how many licks does it take before you realize it's too many before it's too not good enough for you? It happens pretty fast. 'cause like you can notice as soon as you pull the pans down, that shit have just hit you, nigga like it, You know what I'm saying? Fuck yeah. Ain't like I ain't eat bad pussy before, nigga. Yeah. Well Yeah. Come on. But that seems like it happens a lot for you to leave your shoes, I mean, Off by default. Have you ever, have you ever taken everything off except for your shoes? No. That'd be really black nigga. I, that's Super black. I wouldn't do That shit. That is super black. It Yeah, that is super black because black people in porns leave their socks shoes and sometimes their shoes on.


Sometimes their shoes. You ever watch porno with blacks? Red band? Yeah. Only the black women though. Not black guys. There you go. Yes. To make it look like he's Super Straight. Can't even have guys in my porn. It's just women on women on women. The women. Yeah. Just like seen those plaque women get like, You know, from behind. It's so good. What, what? From behind. I wanna know if you can even guess what happens in a porno with women. Okay. I do have a girlfriend though. You Do have a girlfriend? Yeah. Yeah. And you take your shoes off for her? Nah, her pus. You smell good nigga, Right? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So your shoes off? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're Comfortable? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How long have you been with this girl?


About five years. What Does she do? She actually is in school to be a gynecologist. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. Does she ever teach you any of the cool things that she learns? Nah. No. I don't think so. Wow. It's a totally unnecessary profession, but, okay, good. You just need to eat wheatgrass. Ladies just have wheatgrass every three days. You're fine. Wheatgrass would make gynecologists completely obsolete.


Make your bad cu. I don't want the bad cu. I don. It's for your mother. It's for your mother's multiple sclerosis. You right, you right. Wrap it in wheatgrass and I love it. Taje, you have any special skills or talents other than standup comedy? You, you ever been good at anything? Yeah, I play a, a little bit of guitar. Small bit of guitar. Really? Yeah. That's my white's side. Really? It comes out. When's the last time you played guitar? Do you own a guitar two Weeks ago? I own three guitars. Do You own three guitars? How? I wanna see this guy play guitar. Heidi, can we get the guitar out here? This has been a music heavy episode. Can you, can you put it in drop D I'll put it in Drop D.


Don't worry about it. Yeah. Drop D. What the hell? Jesus Christ. Cheryl. Who? Right, right. Tony Drop d Andy needs a pick. Like give him a hair. Pick somebody. How does that not get a bigger, do You guys have any, any black friends out there? Can I get a pick a hair, pick nothing from these people. Like why would he need a hair pick Tony, why would a, why would he possibly ever want to hair pick Jingle shingle jingle all the way. This ride of FY Hey, take all that.


An amazing rendition of Jingle Bells from First black nigga to play guitar. Nevermind. Nevermind. First black nigga. I can see that can play guitar. We go, No, we've had black guitar players on before Madison Square Garden and whatnot. But you are the first half black to play guitar. Half black. I like it. My, I forgot to tell you, my girlfriend is Puerto Rican. Tony. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. All right. Did she was, did she vote this election?


No, no, no. But she heard about the incident. Yeah. Did she Have to say that? She wasn't even mad nigga. She wasn't mad at all. She seems She's dating a comedian. She's called you the N word like five times. Yeah. I think we're probably good. You want wanna do something about it? No. Right? Just give, gimme the word Tony and I'll take care of it. She wasn't mad, man. She's Got a good sentence of humor. Yeah. She says she loves gay guys, nigga. She loves em. What? Very good. You know who watch It pal. All the Puerto Ricans have a great sense of humor. A little fun fact. One of the highest rankings of sense of humors of all the races I've studied this. She has a good sense of humor, right? Yeah. Yeah. She's a good girl.


She gotta be a gynecologist man. Yeah, she in dirty pussy all day. You gotta be able to keep your spirits high, nigga. That's, She keeps her shoes on the whole time. Right Here and there. Here And there. All right. Ta. Very fun stuff. You got through it. It took you 30 seconds to start your first joke after the whole diverse thing. But keep signing up. We want you to do it again. And maybe we have something. No medium ones. Nah, no, let's Do it. Get off some.


We do have delicious watermelon zip picks, toothpicks, but they're not just watermelon, they're peppermint watermelon. It's a mix. A perfect nicotine toothpick for a half white, half black comedian, peppermint watermelon, ZIPPs nicotine toothpicks. Plus a little joke book. There he goes. Ladies and gentlemen, the KILL TONY debut of Taje Peppermint Watermelon. You can't even make it up. Brought to you by ZIPPs. Zip, more smoke, less


Subtle results. Still you, but with fewer lines. Botox cosmetic, outa botulinum toxin A is a prescription medicine used to temporarily make moderate to severe frown lines. Crow's feet and forehead lines look better in adults. Effects of Botox cosmetic may spread hours to weeks after injection causing serious symptoms. Alert your doctor right away has difficulty swallowing speaking. Breathing, eye problems or muscle weakness may be a sign of a life-threatening condition. Patients with these conditions before injection are at highest risk. Don't receive Botox cosmetic if you have a skin infection. Side effects may include allergic reactions, injection site pain, headache eyebrow and eyelid drooping and eyelid swelling. Allergic reactions can include rash, welts, asthma symptoms, and dizziness. Tell your doctor about medical history, muscle or nerve conditions, including a LS or Lou Gehrig's Disease, myasthenia Gravis or Lambert Eden Syndrome and medications, including botulinum toxins, as these may increase the risk of serious side effects. For full safety information, visit botox cosmetic.com or call 8 7 7 3 5 1 0 3 0 0. See for yourself@botoxcosmetic.com.


Alright, another name out of the bucket, mix noise for Rick Sno. Rick sch snower. Everybody. Rick Schnoor. Oh My God. Wait a second. Hold on, hold on. Hold on, Rick. Hold on a second. There's chaos amongst us. Ladies and gentlemen, KILL TONY Legend. Let the bodies hit the floor. One of the biggest legends in the history of the show, we haven't seen 'em since Skank Fest. This is Ari Reve.


Everybody. Oh My God. Oh, he has arrived more evil than ever. Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy shit. Shut the fuck up. Now. I was in the back for a while. I, you see Ethno comic after Ethno Comic and wherever the fuck you are. Probably it's another one. A single goddamn Jew on this show, Tony. It's been 16 months since that fateful day on October 7th, and they still haven't brought the hostages home.


And You guys aren't doing a goddamn thing about it. You're looking at RF K JR right now. Robbie, what's your plan? Good to see you. Yeah, it's good to see you too. What you do about Fentanyl, buddy? I'm really worried about it. Nah, it's not a big deal. It's overblown sick. I'm going to party. I'll see You guys later. Thank you very much. You're not gonna hang out. Ari, How Long show Going on? It's just another fucking 20 or 30 minutes or so. Oh, I got shit to do today. What? Today? It's 10:00 PM Ari. Fuck. I mean, you're wearing the perfect shirt.


Ari Shaffir, Ladies and gentlemen, joining the fray. We're just about to watch this guy do an uninterrupted 60 seconds. How, how you Feeling? You ready for it? Oh yeah. Okay. It's Time. I'm sorry to interrupt. That was my, It's all good. It's All good. Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna do it all together. How about one more time for Rick Noyer? Everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, so I was in the HEB parking lot the other day and I almost got hit by that thing. I forget what it's called, but it's kind of like the human centipede except for shopping carts. Oh, the train. The train shopping carts. Yeah. I'm just minding my own business and almost had a train ran on me.


Pain my ass. You know, I don't know. A train would be a lot. Gimme a threesome though. Any day, specifically one with two girls. I feel like a threesome with a dude. It's kind of like going to a diner and you order a sandwich and you get a big pickle on the side with it. It's like, I didn't ask for the pickle. I don't really want the pickle there. 'cause now it's gonna get his taste all over the thing that I want to eat. All right. Thanks everybody. Rick Noyer.


Hello Rick. Welcome. How are you? How do you, why Did you lead with HEB? You know, I, You know where we are, right? What do you mean by that exactly? By Texas? Yeah. In Texas? Yeah. Okay. What ethnicity are you by the looks of your nose? I'm guessing you're Ari Shaffir. I'm actually a German and Croatian. Oh, wow. That is, that is the opposite of what I would've guessed. Look at you though. Amazing. Amazing. How long you been with standup? Like, off and on? Four years. When you say off and on, mostly off, I'm guessing off.


Yeah. By the way, that minute went. Why off so much? You know, I just had other stuff to do. No, I don't know. And I don't know what other stuff you would do. When I did this, I threw myself in seven days a week. Absolutely obsessed every single night, forever for years. So, I don't know. What do you mean by that other stuff to do? Well, I would go to like, open mics maybe once a month. So why Would you, so what, what, So Like, that's like practicing guitar once a month. It's true. It's true. Okay. So do you love it? Like, well, who, why? It's, it's something that I was very passionate about Or that you are very passionate about. What? Not committing to something you, you true is failure.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm looking forward to the part where I'm just like, I quit. I'm kind of confused. I'm trying to understand why would you only do it once a month if you're passionate about it? Oh, it was just always like a dream of mine. I, I would've loved to got like an hour special or something like that. It was just a cool thing To do. Yeah. And you thought you were gonna get an hour special just out of nowhere. How do you No, Those, that was like my optimistic, like, take on it or, or my goal, I guess. Okay. This doesn't make any sense at all. All right. What do you do for work? Oh, I actually didn't want talk about work 'cause I don't wanna get fired. Okay. All right. This is, you didn't wanna do comedy, you don't wanna do an interview fucking In.


Incredible. No. I'll, I'll talk to you about anything else, like what's Going on, what kind of work? Do you live, Work in biology? Are you good at it? I mean, I, I'm actually biological myself, so What does that mean? Oh god. You a child predator. I still, still waiting. Wow. Okay. Can you tell us anything interesting about your entire life before I get you out of here in a record setting length interview? Yeah, Sure. So I'm from Pennsylvania originally, but I, Unbelievable. Amazing. Wow. That's pretty And that's Pretty, that's pretty cool. Yeah. It Was you and Fort crushing it right now. Yeah, but I, I spent, I Stepped, I didn't think you had it in you, but you really stepped it up.


Incredible. You and The comeback story over the year with that Pennsylvania story. Yeah, man, I fucking dug down deep. You're a real Doug Flutie. Yeah, exactly. I ask anything interesting about you? You have a quick answer? Yes. I'm one of the 9 million people from Pennsylvania. Oh, well, oh, I wanted to say that I spent maybe three years living out on, on the west coast. So that was like California, Oregon, like living out in my car and stuff. What were you doing during that? I did some seasonal jobs and I also like what rolled, Like what kind of seasonal jobs? What do you So I worked in the Stanislaw National Forest.


What did you do in the National Forest? I just like hiked around. Hiked around. Wow. Amazing. I gotta tell you, you might want to, you might be one of truly the most boring fucking human beings that's ever signed up for the show. Absolutely incredible. I wish you the best of luck in the world of biology. Well, you do work in biology. Do you have any questions for RF K JR? He's written many, many books. Oh, and About science and whatnot, medical biology, perhaps biology one could even say, What do you think was the hardest dichotomous key that you had to use? Can you say that one more? I don't understand A goddamn word that, that Oh, your mouth.


I would like to Introduce you all though to my cricket. This is Actually, these are very good pets. If anybody, they, they have the most protein pound per pound of any animal. This is a little Marilyn Monroe. I call her because if you, if you stroke her enough she squirts anyway. I'm not hurting her. I'm not hurting her. I just got it right here. She's alright. She's alright. Rick Schneer. Here's a little joke book. There you go.


There you go. I'm not even Hold your applause. Yeah, I wanted to get a woman out of the bucket. So I pulled until I found a woman. The great RF K JR. Said this has been a sausage fest. I totally agree. Here we go. Some female energies coming our way. This is 60 seconds uninterrupted. And I do believe perhaps the KILL TONY debut of Jamie Lee Simmons. Everybody, here we go. What's up? I'm Jamie. I feel like I look like Ariel. She collected vibrators instead of forks.


Thanks guys. Despite how I look, I do love my dad. You know, I love my dad so much. We share a one bedroom apartment together. I hear some of your reactions. I see your faces. You're like, how does she do that? Fuck my dad. Ah, no. That's crazy. Perverts all of you. No, it's easy. I stay in the master bedroom. My dad stays on the mantle. Yeah, I'll let that sink in. Oh, You guys thought I had red hair and a dad. Come on.


No, I have an OnlyFans. RIP. He's proud. I would sell my voice just to hear my dad say I love you. One last time. All right. Thanks guys. I'm Jamie. Jamie Lee Simmons. Welcome. Welcome Jamie. Thanks for having me. How long you been with standup? About two and a half years. Where at? I started in Boston, then went to Miami and now I'm here. Boston, Miami. Austin. Very cool. I love it. What do you do for work? Podcast, right? Yes. I have a podcast, two girls. One blunt, Full time.


Full Time. What's It called? Two Girls, one Blunt. It's about weed, right? Yeah. Yes. Good observation. ARI SHAFFIR taking note. I love it. Jamie, how's Austin been treating you? I love it here. It's Great. What do you love about Austin? I love the music. I love how nice everybody is. They are nice here. Yeah, it is incredible. I Love the dating scene. Yeah. Yeah. How's that going for you? It's going great. Hanging out with musicians. Yeah. Men are actually responding back. Yeah. It's a good thing. Testosterone. Oh, because in Miami you're ugly.


Yeah, I'm a mi I'm a Miami four. He's not wrong. He's not wrong. That is, I'm the one they don't let in the club. That is so Ari. That is so, It's okay. He'll hit on me after the show. It's fine. That is true. He definitely will. Or he'll look up my only fans. I don't know. Yeah. Is your only OnlyFans Jamie Lee Simmons? Nope. Oh, okay. I'll let 'em find it. Alright. It's the topless comic. Okay.


You do comedy topless on your OnlyFans. That's how I started. Yeah. I would do like topless, open mic comedy. It was terrible and I was fat and somehow I made a lot of money doing it. So here we are living the dream. That's amazing. My Dad is proud. It's so cool to think guys would sign up for your OnlyFans and watch you do standup topless. Did anybody not mute it? You know, I didn't ask. I love it. Jamie, what are you afraid of? What scares you? Sometimes I ask people what scares them.


What scares me? Yeah. You like have a quirky fear of something. Is there? Is it? Oh my, I have like a rational fear and I don't know what this is. Maybe it was a past life, but I'm terrified of sleeping on my back. 'cause I think when I'm sleeping on my back, someone's gonna stab me directly through the nipple and that would make my topless comedy pretty hard. Yeah, That would. Yeah. Yeah. But then again, there's guys that are into that. RFK does the, does the carpet Match your vagina? Alright. We were all thinking that. I don't think that's exactly how the saying goes.


He's trying. I love it. Jamie, what did make you go with that color hair. That is an interesting color. Barry, Ronald McDonald. You know, I think what, what every girl does when they go through a breakup, right? Ladies, we dre hair. We do something we can control. You went through a big breakup recently? No, this was like in 2020. Oh. Just Like I, I went through a breakup that night. Starred and OnlyFans dyed my hair red. I was feeling a lot of things. Yeah. Okay. How long were you with that guy for? Not long. I, I didn't say it was mentally well guys. Okay. You could have got that from the comedy. That makes sense.


What are you into, like hobby wise, when you're not doing standup or something like that? Anything else wild or, Yeah. Interesting. I, well, I just stay home with my four cats, You know, Four cats? Yeah. Why go anywhere when I can stay at the Pussy Palace? You know? Four cats. Four cats. Did you move here with four Cats? I did. Did you live in Miami the whole time with four cats? I did. Did you live in Boston the whole time with four cats? I had two. So when you moved to Miami, you got two more? Yeah. Breakup cat, You know. Oh My God. I'm a good time Today. Don't judge Matt Yuling has six cats. What the fuck are you fucking kidding me?


Oh My God. You fucking creep. Azo. Six Motherfucking Cats. You have six cats? Yep. What Their names, what are their names? Mochi Jones. Mr. Brown. Pear Esmeralda Noie and Bookie. Booie. Wow. Love it. Bookie's a sweetheart. Absolutely incredible. If you two, I'll Talk to you After the show. If you two got into a relationship, you'd have 10 cats. How fucking Sounds like a family. Yeah, That's, she'd have to convince my wife of that. Well, I, I've always wanted a dad. So Imagine that household. Imagine that household.


Just 10 cats. A husband, a wife, and a mentally ill. Topless comedian. Oh and two daughters. You have kids. You Didn't know that you have kids. You have six cats and two daughters. Jesus Christ. Matt Mulling. We need to have a conversation sometime. Let's hang out bro. I didn't know any of this about you. We should grab a coffee sometime or something, Matt. Let's do it. We've been working together every Monday for years. This is absolutely wild. Six cats. You have two daughters? Yeah, man. One of 'em. 16. What are you fucking serious? What's your only thing? You, you have a, you have a, where's your sound of effect?


Red band. Red band. Where's your victory sound of there it is a 16-year-old. You have a 16-year-old cat or a daughter? 16-year-old daughter. Wow. How old's the other daughter? 12. Oh My God. How old are the cats? A couple of 'em are like eight. Wow. That's a hundred years of pussy. Yeah. Incredible. You have a C'S worth of leave your shoes on pussy at your house. Amazing.


Jamie Lee Simmons. So you've been sexually active while here in Austin, Texas? Not really. Oh no. I've just been going on dates. Okay. What's The I need those papers first. What's the most fun? Wait, what kind of papers do you need? TD ones. Oh, You know, I see. Yeah, you need to make sure that they're clean. Make sure they're good. Okay. What, How do you tell a what do so on a date? Yeah. I go, you wanna fuck, get tested. It's really easy. Right. And if they're like into you, they'll get tested And then they what? Like they hit you up like a week later like, Hey, what's up? Jesus Christ, I really need to fucking come. Oh My God, I'm freaking out. Alcohol is worn off. Jesus.


Yeah. Herpes free at the bottom of this glass. Chug, chug, Chug. RF K JR. Might be one of the greatest guests in the history of this show. I've got. Oh, oh, he chugged it. Oh My God. He's ready. U-S-A-U-S-A. Oh My God. This is incredible. I've actually got an allergy to cats and I don't know what to do about it.


And if anyone has any advice, suck It up. You have an allergy to cats. Yeah, I Right. And you also have full blown herpes. This is quite the conundrum. Yo, what, How do I, this will never work between us. So, so sometimes guys like they go get tested and like a week later they, or whatever, they hit you up and they're like, Hey, I am clean. Well, it's somebody I've been like going out with for a while. Like on multiple dates. Now we're at that point. So you check the papers. Yes. And then you have unprotected sex with them. I mean that would be crazy to make 'em wear a condom at that point, right? Yeah. You're good. You're good. We're All good. So let me ask you this, they, they show you the papers and then you have sex with them, right? And then after that, you'll basically have sex with them anytime they want, right?


Or do you have them retest between before every Well I'm Like, yeah, hopefully I'm fucking someone I trust and then they're like, Hey, I hooked up with someone. I'm gonna get tested before we sleep together. That's the right thing to do is why is That foreign? You still trust guys after buying four cats and Yeah, I trust men. You know there's a, you can download a template online though for like, you just fill in your name and it looks like You have a positive like or a negative Red band. That's what he does. I know, I know. Who's making my next clean STD test?


I never thought of that. I love it. Jamie Lee Simmons. Very funny. Great stuff. I'll love to have you on the secret shows. Oh My God. Here you go. Here's the big joke. Buck the great Jamie Lee Simmons has made her KILL TONY Debut. Let's get one more bucket pull up here and then we're gonna put a big ribbon on this thing. Make some noise. One minute uninterrupted for Andrew Rena. Everybody. Andrew Rena. Here we go. Oh, one more time for Andrew. Everybody. Hello. Hello. Thank you for having me.


It's my birthday today if you can believe that. So I was gonna try to grease the wheels a little bit and tell everybody it was my birthday when I signed up. But I had to let Karma, I had to let Karma work its way out. And I can't believe I'm the last bucket pole for tonight. I only have one joke prepared. It's about Michael Laer. If we could all just bow our heads for a minute. I'm ugly. Jesus. Sorry. So it'll be about a year since Michael passed, soon. Actually, the first time I ever signed up was on the night that he was supposed to do assisted suicide. That was Halloween two years ago I think. And then he didn't do it.


And I blame him because this is the joke that I had prepared in honor of Michael Lehrer's life. I want to take all of his performances and I wanna press him to vinyl. And if you want the authentic experience, you just listen to him at 33 speed. That's super long drone. But if you wanna hear him tell his jokes at a regular cadence, just play at 78. That's my joke. Okay. Well in honor of Michael Lair, there was a long moment of silence at your, what should have been. There was no way this was gonna go. Well. It's okay. How are you Andrew? This is your first time doing standup. It is. Hell yeah. Yes. How old are you? 51 today.


51 today. Happy birthday my friend. Hold On, hold on. We're pre, we're pretty much the same age and you look like shit. Yeah. What's been going on? What have you been doing these 51 years? I Did a full career in the Navy. Okay. That's, that's risk comes from, So a lot of time in submarines? No surface ships. Okay. So why do you look like Old Navy? I am Old Navy. You do? When you had the hat on, you look like both Curious George and the owner. It is hot in here. So it is hot In here. Would you like me to put the havoc on? Sure.


I think it creates a little bit more likability. There you go. Yeah, I know. I come across as a jerk and that's what I know is gonna make this super hard for me. Okay. You're like if somebody mushed Jack Black and Kyle Gas together and took out all the co comedy. Okay. What's the funniest thing you think you've ever done before? Funniest thing You ever like pull a prank on you and the other Navy guys or something? Well, I, it's a super long story so it'd be really, Eh, let's save it. Here's a big joke book. Just 'cause it's your birthday. Congratulations. Yeah. There he goes. Kid death. Andrew Rena. I love that you paid tribute to Michael Lair.


That's cool. Kilt the first ever member of the KILL TONY Hall of Fame. The late great Michael Lair. We love him and always Will One of my old great best friends. Thank you. There he goes. Michael Rena, everybody. And now with that said, it's time to get back to comedy Ladies and gentlemen, and with a show that started with William Montgomery. I think there's only one way to end an episode like this. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm glad that there is one of the members of the new presidential administration on this panel because this young man, RFK, this young man is a guy who I'm really hoping we can speed up the citizenship process for.


We need this guy to become an American, but right now he is simply an Estonian assassin. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a new minute from the great Ari Matti. Hello. I have a confession to make. I eat ass. I'm tired of hiding it ladies.


Don't hide your asshole. My tongue is going up that ass. If you are, if you are a lady with a guy who doesn't eat your ass, what's wrong? A little poo on your mouth. A little poo gay boy. I don't give a fuck. I remember when the research came out, they were like, it's official. Squirt this piss. I was at home like, I guess I'm a toilet. I don't give a fuck Every liquid you ladies make.


I want in my mouth as soon as possible, anybody on their period. Save the tampon. I want to make some tea later. Thank you Ari Matti has done it. Again. Again. Add it, add it to the compilation, Ladies and gentlemen. Absolutely incredible. You have done it again. Every liquid a lady makes.


How about tears? Would you take tears in your mouth? Everything. Everything. Everything. When I, Tony, when I die, it's in my will when I die mum. If I'm in used panties. RF K JR knows a lot about human liquids and whatnot. What do you think about all this? You sir, are never getting into this country? I do. Doesn't eating ass have some kind of vitamin or a lot of vitamins, nutrients or something? I mean you do. You do bring up a pretty good point there. Tell anybody the way he's eating ass.


I could tell by how he's, he's doing it all wrong. I noticed you've been squeezing your cricket while saying all this Marilyn Monroe. You named it Marilyn Monroe Told you that. Oh dear. Is Jack jackasses this little Marilyn Monroe. And, and and when you stroke her, she squirts. That's why I called her a little Marilyn Monroe. But My father a story my father told me. Anyway. She is, there's all, I mean there, there's so much protein, this little, they're good pets.


But one day I will consume her and no, don't worry, Marilyn. It'll be days from now, which is thousands of years for them. So it's all good. Oh Ari, how's life been? What have you been up to? Amazing. I've been chilling. Oh, I did the Adam Ray show. It was so, so nervous before it. But turns out Gil, Tony fans, they love me. Yeah, they really do. I also, I did the next night he was in San Diego. You were in Phoenix, Arizona. Yeah. Nobody had a fight during my set.


Yeah. It was the, perhaps the dumbest thing I've ever witnessed in my entire life. I was in San Diego complimenting how great burritos are in San Diego. I don't know what's going on. I just cannot stay away from trouble. Lately I talk about how great the burritos are in San Francisco. At the same time I also say that the Mexican food overall is better in Texas and they start booing. I go, I've lived there for four years and I lived here in California for about 20 years. I know what the fuck I'm talking about. They just keep booing based on principle. I tell them, you people have never left San Diego. Your parents live here. You were raised here.


They all laughed. 'cause that's true. And then one guy in the front goes, this little guy, he's like, excuse me, like this. 'cause it's California. And we wanted it. Me and Adam wanted to hear what he had. Dr. Phil wanted to hear what he had to say. And so he goes, actually the burrito is invented in San Francisco in 1975, which is like the dumbest gayest thing ever humanly possible. And the crowd was just in a ruckus. There was something about this guy saying, San Francisco invented the burrito. Me saying the Texas has better Mexican food. All the Latinos were having so much fun. There was one angry fat white woman as always, right on cue.


Just a psych, a simple case of psychology. This is a woman that eats, eats, eats, eats, eats. Right. Consumes, consumes, consumes, consumes, and then has to blah blah blather dumb shit out of her face because You know there's gotta be an opposite reaction. Yeah. And so she started a fist fight with women around her that were like, shut up bitch. Stop yelling. Because she was yelling. She's like, Everyone don't worry. She went for a choke. I saw that video. Yeah. It was absolutely insane. Nothing makes any sense anymore. Fat women have got out of control in this country. Yeah. Yeah. So it's so obvious you haven't hit women in a while.


You Know, it's, it's unbelievable. It's unbelievable that the only person that caused any ruckus during my political thing was a fat white woman. I mean, it is just right on cue. Robert, what'd you say about hitting white wo fat women? I heard your motoring over there. Oh No. Yeah. Just quietly agreeing. Oh, Anything else going on? Ari Also in that video, You know, she grabbed the girl's throat. Yeah. And the guy stood there. I think the guy is got a reason to, if you grab my girl's throat, it's over you.


Fat piece of shit, getting head kicked. The girl grabbed that was being grabbed was also Really chill about, she was like, she was super chill. And if you notice, the guy next to her who's the, the, the girl whose neck is getting grabbed is like laughing and pointing at the lady like that. Which leads me to believe that his girl who literally matched the exact, it was like they were grabbing each other's jugulars. I think that she had training of some kind. And the boyfriend's just like, you don't wanna fucking do this fat, stupid Bitch. Yes. And like they were, they were literally enjoying themselves. It was absolutely incredible.


They had a great old time. It was, she, You know, there was no victim other than the fucking whiny lady that was mad about everything. The pig, this red band just signified by that snorting sound effect. I'm just acknowledging the animal that he was doing an impression of. I was just yawning. Oh yeah. Ari Matti another unbelievable set. That's how you fucking do it. The regulars tonight, absolutely incredible. Future American citizen Ari Matti. I gotta tell You guys, for the love of God, Kyle Dunnigan dot com. Get fucking tickets. See this guy on tour Absolutely dis destroyed all weekend.


This is the plug that RF K JR was interested in. He is a big Kyle Dunnigan fan. How about how loud can this place get for the great RF K JR? I mean wow. I don't know about You guys. I don't know. I I If it translated to your homes halfway as hard as it made me laugh, I was fucking dying tonight. Guest mu of the year, Huh? I I would, I would venture to say without a doubt, he's in the running for guests of the year. Ari Shari just, he Was just muttering in character the whole time off bike. Just going on, on research. His show are, it's Hysteric very hard to host this type of show where I literally just wanna fall back in my chair laughing the whole time.


I have to somehow keep it together. ARI SHAFFIR. What's going on? You're in town all week, huh? I'm in town all week. I'm just hanging out in Austin. Oh, we're gonna have so much fun. It's A, it's a cool town. I but saw some good honky tonks today. Yeah. Slide guitar. Yeah. I'm so excited. We're Excited. I got a new special coming out January 14th. Hell yeah. January 14th. What's it called? It's called America's Sweetheart because that's what I am. Oh My goodness. That's adorable. Thank you Ari. Lemme show You guys my pubes. Oh My goodness. I'm Done. I'm done with that. I'm done with that newly Check that out on Netflix. Kyle Dunnigan dot com. He's on tour. You saw it here tonight.


Let him know you came from the KILL TONY Universe. The drawing from Ryan J Belt is in, let's see what Chris Rogers has. Oh My God. Is that little baby Tony? I No, baby Tony. Oh My God. Oh My God. That's adorable. Wow. That's the cutest thing ever. Look at that. My hairline wasn't that big when I was a baby, But his, his, his mustache was. That is adorable. How about a hand for Chris Rogers? Chris Rogers Art, zip x toothpicks.


And again, another big shout out to the amazing people over at Ghost Patch Custom. They make a bunch of stuff, patches, pins, poker chips, decals badges, coins, bunch of stuff. Check them out. Ghost patch custom.com. Send some traffic their way. These amazing, I bombed it. KILL TONY Torpedoes are absolutely unbelievable. It's all run by police officers, former police officers. So that's cool.


Thank you so much for coming out. Everybody. Red band. Love You guys. We love you. Thank you. Goodnight everybody.


This holiday wrap affection with a gift that everyone loves, gift cards. Gift cards.com makes it easy to make the thought and the gift count with over 350 brands to choose from, gift from top brands like Sephora, Nordstrom, DoorDash, and more new this year is the gift cards.com gift card, which gives your giftee access to choose from almost anything@giftcards.com with no purchase fees, no expiration, and instant delivery. It's the gift of so many possibilities. Visit gift cards.com today. See gift cards.com for terms and conditions.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus Preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.