
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony. Tony. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, This is Brandon Company. Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony Hitch Glass. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Make some noise for the Great Brain, right Man. And the best damn band in the land.


Am I right people? You are in the live music capital of the world. That is The KILL TONY Band on the horns. Carlos Sosa, Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, nacho Bel Grande on the drums. That is Big. Mike Michael Gonzalez. He is here. Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on The Keys. And that is indeed the one and only D Madness on the bass guitar. Live in the Flesh, the real deal. How about a hand for Max Frost on the pre-show music?


What a star. God, you gotta love Austin, Texas. You never know what musician or comedian you will find here.


This episode is brought to you by Blue Chew, blue Nile and prize picks and life is good.


Before we start tonight's episode, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible for you right here, right now.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now open. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment, sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One, medical healthcare just got less painful.


Are You guys ready to start tonight's episode? Yeah, Every single week I book the show. And what a great way to do it tonight. Two of the funniest human beings that have ever been guests on this show, literally one of them is the guest with the record. I do believe we have to double check it, but I do believe he passed the late Great Brody Stevens for appearances on this show. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for your guests. Two of the best. It's LUIS J GOMEZ and Joli. Yeah, baby Lewis. Jay Gomez from the Legion of SKAs.


JOE LIST is here. The birds are flying. This is fun. What a perfect little duo. Two great friends from the city of New York, a beautiful, beautiful place. If you don't count, illegal immigrants lighting, innocent women on fire on subways. But other than that, a stunning city that we visit two nights a year exclusively to do your biggest arena. And I'm glad You guys could make it to a, a city with law and order. You call this city a city with law and order. Are you outta your fucking mind? The homeless people should light themselves on fire. Here you are, clean up this shit hole.


Are you outta your mind? It's true. I've never been here and not run from a homeless person on this street. Well, in their defense, you do look like their perfect prey JOE LIST. I mean, I'm not even homeless and I want to chase you sometimes when I see you. I really, last time I was sprinting away from two homeless people screaming at me. And as I was running away, two like hipsters and skinny jeans and Pandoras were walking the opposite direction. And it was the most humiliating experience of my life. That is, I was like, Austin, Texas said it. That was a per Austin parade. That's our annual parade. The homeless go one way, hipsters go the other way. It's true chaos. You guys have done this show before. You know how it works. Some, a lot of the open micros are out of town, a record for the least signups we've had since being here at the mothership.


185 people are across the street stacked on top of one another in a bar called Poor Choices. And if I pull their name out of this bucket, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know their time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then or else They bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which brutally interrupts their set. And then I conduct an interview. We laugh about what could possibly have happened during their set, or what else they could possibly talk about or what else is interesting in their lives. My friend with the KILL TONY Hat, I'm gonna let you do the honor of picking the first name. The Bucket of Destiny has spoken, and that is indeed all legible written name.


And that person will be wrangled and they will be the first bucket pool of the night. But while we wrangle that person, we're going to get a golden ticket winner up here who is fun to watch. And You know what I like about this guy? This isn't one of our, this isn't one of our big blast out superstars. What I like about this guy is that the plan is to hopefully watch him grow in real time. Over a long period of time on this show, he has had gone through traumatic brain injury. Ladies and gentlemen. He has the record for most appearances on one episode of a show. This is a brand New Minute from the one and only Drew Nickens.


Me and my boys like to watch Special Olympic highlights to feel better about ourselves. And we were watching women's field hockey 'cause feminism when he came in. And he said, would you hit that? And I said, I can't. And it's because if you have sex with a special needs girl, sir, you'll be looked at as a predator, as someone who's taken advantage of someone. And you need to do better. If I have sex with a special needs girl, oh, drew finally fell love. And I deserve to be canceled because I drive a car and I pay my bills.


I shouldn't be on a date with someone who needs a chaperone. And my boy said, drew, you're terrible with women. You're like a shitty bowler. You need to use the fucking bumpers because you may not be cool using bumpers, but at least you hit something. I am one grilled cheese sandwich combo and a wiggle combination wiggles concert away from getting the best sloppy top of my life. Thank y'all so much. Drew Nickens, I don't know if I've mentioned this before, his set, but he suffered from a traumatic brain injury before.


How you doing, drew? I'm Great. How are you Mr. Tony? Hell yeah. You got a lot of energy. How did that feel for you? It Felt okay. It felt a little tongue tied at the end. But I'm getting my pacing down. I'm not a, I'm not just yelling Reddit. That's true. Oh, talking directly. Someone's been reading, reading the internet. Not good, drew. No, my mom told me that. She's like, you need to stop yelling. Reddit is hammering You. Oh, your mom reads Reddit. Your mom told you that the internet is hammering you? Yes. That is hilarious. Where's mom at?


She's in Washington. Washington State. Yep. Absolutely. What does she do? She is a elementary school teacher. Wow. Oh My goodness. Has she always done that? Yeah. Yeah. For about 20 years now. Okay. She's almost ready to retire. Okay. So what level is she teaching exactly? So she fluctuates. She'll go from third grade to fifth grade show loop, which means stays with the same students for two years. Like it just depends. Right, right, right, right, right. And what level are you at? Level enough to fuck your mom? Whoa, What the fuck? What's that?


What's the fuck was that? These people, you can't try. All I do is help this fucking guy. I, all I do is help 'em. My mom told me that you suck too on the internet. And meanwhile, what do I do? I go, drew, you got another minute. Let's try. Take your time. Annunciate fucking pace yourself. And then you come out and you say, oh, fuck your mom. Don't I kind of fucking bullshit is everyone just take the knives outta my back. I can read between the legs and your mom's legs. What The fuck is going on? What is going on? Are you threatening to fuck my 78-year-old mother?


Joy is gonna be upset with you. Yeah. Joy liked you before this. Drew, We can go to, There's one more, one more person posting on Reddit after this. It's a 78-year-old out of Youngstown, Ohio. Guys, what do you think about Drew Nickens? I think, I think, drew, I'm not asking you, are You guys insane? No. Louis, Jake goes, I think Drew is, he's the sweetest fucking man on earth. Yeah, he's, he's naturally a very funny guy. He has a speech impediment and might be retarded. But beyond that, I think he's fucking truly great. I really like you, drew. You know that. Thank you, Jesus.


Joe, this Is my first time meeting or seeing Drew. At first I thought you had a traumatic injury of the funny bone, but then, then you hit us with the fuck your mother stuff. And now I'm like, okay, all right. Now I can get on board. But no, it was, it was good. Now You say you're, you're watching the Special Olympics. Are you sure the TV wasn't off? And you're just looking at your reflection in the black screen. There were females there, so There you go. All right, drew. Well, way to get it started. You did it. We're, we will see you. We'll see you some other time. There goes Drew, Nick. There goes Drew, drew, drew, drew, drew. Whoa, the lovely Heidi, Ladies and gentlemen.


Oh My goodness. Drew scared her out of her slumber. There. Don't wanna be backstage with Drew. How about a hand for Heidi? Everybody. Okay, let the games begin. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the bread and butter of the show where we meet people. They have no idea. These people had no idea that they were even going on stage just minutes ago. And now the pressure of millions of people watching them is upon them. One minute uninterrupted. And then an interview going to your first bucket pool that goes by the name of Ike Gian. Everybody. Ike Gian.


I was born in Soviet Union book, book, book, book, book, book, book, book, book. My family moved to United States from Russia in 1998. And out of all the cities in us, my homophobic father picked San Francisco. There are only three types of people that live in San Francisco. It's gays, Asians and Gay Asians. My family moved here in 98, but in 2010 I moved back to Russia to do standup comedy there. Moving from United States to Russia to do comedy is a lot like moving from Canada to Afghanistan to play hockey. It's a fucking terrible idea, but I gotta tell you, Russian comics are as tough as Russian soldiers.


They prefer bombing. American comedy and Russian comedy are very different, but we do have one thing in common. No one likes female comics. Thank You guys so much. My name is I Gazar. Hi Gazar. Welcome. Welcome, welcome Mike. Thank you for having me guys. How we feel. And welcome to America. How are you? How Long? Very Good. How long have you been here? Since 1998. Okay. But I keep, keep going back and forth to Russia a lot for comedy For Why'd you say for comedy like that? I was suspicious there at the end. You go there specifically to do comedy, to help Russia fight Ukraine.


Yeah, that's what it felt like. I voted for Trump. I have a reason You did vote for Trump. Fuck yeah. That is so interesting. I love it. Okay. Are we letting them vote, Heidi? I guess so. I'm from California. I voted twice the same day. Fuck yeah, Absolutely. Thank You guys. How old are you, Ike? I'm 41. 41. How long you been doing standup? We started doing Russian comedy in 2010, moved back in 13. I I own a Russian restaurant in San Diego. Yeah. Business is not doing very well. After the war started, fucking Americans stopped coming.


What do you serve? Like Pierogis and stuff? We, yeah, pierogis. Bors. You guys come over to Pushkin. I'll take care of you. You got an applause break for Piero from Brian Redban. Man, nobody loves dough filled with shit. More than dough filled with shit. Unbelievable. Incredible. So what's the name of your Russian restaurant in San Diego? It's called Pushkin Pushkin. Almost like Putin, but Yeah, it's close. It's close, yeah. What else is going on there? You got like hot Russian waitresses or anything? Oh My God. My wife hires all the most beautiful girls to work there. It's really tough. It's Tough For you not to fuck somebody.


Yeah, it's Hell yeah. A business not doing so well after the war. And my Ukrainian employees hung a huge Ukrainian flag on the window and the Russians stopped coming also. So I need some more customers. Goddammit. Is it a hookah bar also and like a restaurant? A Hookah bar? Yes. Hookah bar allows you, that's A problem. There you go. I had to make it into Hooker Bar 'cause people stopped coming. And Lewis, I think Russian Hooker Bar is fair because smoking is also bad for your health. Just like Russia. I'm starting to think that he is not a comic and he's Just trying to advertise this restaurant. Yeah, I think so. Come to Pushkin, please.


Got the kin. It's got great reviews. Wow. It really does. You're sitting at a 4.3 with 1,109 reviews. Nine Years, Baby nine. Fucking find me. Find me one of the one star reviews. There's a lot of five stars, but I like to read the one stars. Yeah, the Ukrainians. Leave a one star review. I strategically go for the worst customer service. Very rude workers. Not a welcoming environment. Would not recommend We're Russian. What the Fuck you want? Then I And then Ike G responded. I'm sorry, but your review is a lie. Fuck it. Holy that You were smoking same hookah for three hours.


There was nothing left in it. My hookah chef asked you if you'd like a refill. You refused. You know Coles can't save a hookah that's been smoked for hours. I'm sorry you feel this way, but you should learn how hookah work. You can't smoke ashes. Wow. This is incredible. Let's read another review of Pushkin. Please. Let's do it. Came here to smoke hookah. Worst customer service from the hookah server. Not friendly at all. He stated they have a rule that we have to change the hookah and make a refill after one hour because they have this rule and it's not true. He would not change the charcoal for us.


And when he did, he only added one charcoal. I would not recommend anyone to come here. You feel very unwelcome. I will never come back again. Ike g Respondent. I'm sorry, but your review is lie. You are smoking same hookah for three hours. There was nothing left in it. My hookah chef asked if you'd like a refill. You refused. You know Kohls can't save a hookah. That's I my copy paste. I'm sorry you feel this way, but you should learn how hookah works.


You can't smoke ashes. I swear to God. I'm not kidding. By the way, it would be funny for me to just read the same response. I swear to God. You could check these reviews. Hold on. Don't, don't scroll. Let me just, You doing good review or something? I losing customers here, man. Oh, okay. One year review one year ago. I and husband's experience here was absolutely awful. With two exclamation points. We came to this place looking at their heel reviews as we were in San Diego for celebrating our anniversary. The pictures and the reviews are also deceiving. I wonder how they got all these nice reviews.


Let's start with the ambiance. Nothing looks like the pictures. We get such a negative energy from the moment we met the people at the entrance. They were not welcoming at all. Still. We went in. 'cause again, the Yelp reviews looked so good, went upstairs and got seated the entire time we were there. It literally felt like people, all these people were here for a different reason. You know what I mean? Felt super uncomfortable. The vibe was absolutely dead. And the music selection is awful. Still out of court courtesy. We ordered two drinks and wanted to water with it. Well, guess what? You have to buy your water. Yeah, it's California. Dennis IG responded.


Everything you wrote here is a lie, including prices for water managers. Do not yell. This looks like an ad for werewolf. You wrote that? Fuck yeah. Fuck. Werewolf. I love that you respond Only the Bad reviews. I love that you respond. I'm gonna read just a couple more of these reviews, even though it looks like I could go. Don't stop scrolling. I could do this all night.


We could just keep you up here. I could be. Let's do it. I Gian episode. Here's the review. Small place, small portion. Very expensive. Not recommend this place. Hookah. Smoke confuses appetite, my friends. Did you write your own review? G responded. 3,200 square feet of small place. Yeah, Large portion. Hookah confuses at Hookah lounge. Very interesting.


Oh, this is the greatest shit ever in the history of the show. I think we just found a new spinoff where we just have business owners come on and we read their, Okay. This is a complete lie, by the way, everybody. Oh, it is not. Pushkin is spelled P-U-S-H-K-I-N. Lounge and Bar in San Diego. Yes, sir. Oh, and we know, I mean, we read your, your Yelp is thousands of reviews of strong, almost positive. Almost a super solid five. It was very hard to find the ones. There's very few ones and your responses are unbelievable.


Thank you, Mr. Tony. So one last one, seven months ago, one star. The hookah server is horrible. No manners and no customer service. He's rude. And ask us to change the hookah ahead after one hour of smoking, or he won't bring charcoal. He said, it's a rule here that after speaking with the other server, he denied what he said. It feels Wow. It feels that. Oh, it feels that he is forced to work there. I will never go back to that place. He is whole captive. They're Russians. They're used to that shit. Ike G responded.


I'm sorry. You and your friend felt the need to leave two reviews. You were smoking the same hookah for three hours. There was nothing left in it. My hookah chef asked if you like refill, you refuse. You know coals can't save a hookah that's been smoked for hours. I'm sorry you feel this way, but you should learn how hookah work. You can't smoke ashes. You can't smoke ashes. Wow. Wow. I mean, so interesting. A wildly successful restaurant it seems was Yes, I do standup comedy, You know, And you lit the stage on fire.


Thank you, sir. To the point to where we might need to change the charcoals, but being told we're not allowed for another hour. And unfortunately we can't smoke ashes. Do you ever smoke Ukrainian ashes? Oh, only before I go to sleep. I love it. Ike, what else do you do for fun? What else about you? You seem like a naturally very funny guy. I love writing a lot. I love, Is this your wife? Yes. Wow. She's right here on my chin, on my t-shirt. Oh My God. Look at you represent. Hell yeah. She doesn't want you getting any pussy. Look at that, babe.


You wear a hoodie with my face on it. That's how I get the pussy, by the way. Oh, okay. No, no, no, honey. Of course not. Oh hell yeah. You got 99 problems. But B ain't one. I love it. I toured doing Russian Comedy of American Comedy. I, I own the restaurant and I just try to do as many mics, as many shows as possibly can. And I do fucking well. I mean, yeah. And I'm lucky to be here. Thank you so much for this opportunity. This is amazing. No doubt about it. Ike and I'll tell. You're getting a big joke book. Congratulations. You did it.


There's nothing in it you have to write in. And I don't know what you're looking for. It's blank pages. It's for you to write jokes in. I appreciate that. Tony, Did you think there was Yelp reviews in there? I Thought I had to write my name in it or something. Ike, you did it. That's what the show's all about. Different people, different shapes and sizes and accents and everything. And you were very fun. Congratulations. And you, thank you. Thank you. Thank You guys so much. Thank and everybody. Thank You guys so much. Pushkin. Go to Pushkin in San Diego. Show your support. Eat pierogi, smoke hookah. Don't stay too long or else it'll burn out.


This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN. You know what's not fair? The fact that all those streaming services hide thousands of shows and movies from you based on your location and has the nerve to just in keep increasing their prices on you. Now, you could just cancel your subscription and protest, or you could be smart about it and make sure you are getting your full money's worth like we do by using Express VPN. They hide their content from you based on your location. But Express VPN lets you change your online location so you can control where you want Netflix, Hulu, or any of the other ones to think you're located. They have servers in over a hundred countries so you can gain access to thousands of new shows and never run out of stuff to watch. This works with many other streaming services too. Disney plus BBCI player and more Redban. Tony Express VPN is the best. It's so easy to use. Just fire up the app and click one button to change the locations. It works on all my devices, phones, laptops, tablets, and smart TVs and more. Plus it has blazing fast speeds. I can stream an HD with zero buffering. I just watched Sherlock in the cycle, which are not available currently in the us. All I had to do is open up Express, BVPN, select England. Tap one button to connect, refresh, and boom, there it was. Wow. Sherlock in The cycle. Yeah. You know Me. Wow. So be smart. Stop paying full price for streaming services and only getting access to a fraction of their content. Get your money's worth at ExpressVPN dot com slash KILL koni. Don't forget to use our link at ExpressVPN dot com slash koni to get an extra three months of ExpressVPN for free.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter. Guys, it's a new year and I need to hire a few new roles. I need a new producer, sound editor, sales director, and cohost. And if you need to hire for your business and want an easier way to find qualified candidates, head to ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free@ziprecruiter.com slash KILL. TONY Redban. Tony, I love ZipRecruiter. It's the best hiring site out there. Did You know ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two. ZipRecruiter's Powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. Wow, you did that so good. You know what, I'm not gonna hire a new co-host. Now here's to a new year of hiring made easier with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address for and try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/koni. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/k IL LT ONY. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


All right, your next bucket pool, Ladies and gentlemen, goes by the name One minute uninterrupted for Matt Ward. Matt Ward. Yeah. I I, I have hand tremors. It's a medical condition for me. Every weight's a shake, weight. I wanna go to California, experience an earthquake just so I can be steady. You know, everyone's like, what's happening? I'm like, I don't know. Sudden clarity. This sucks, dude. I, I can't go blind. I'd read Braille with a stutter. You know, just, I would love to be deaf, man.


I'd be the first guy doing sign language in a Sarah font. You know? Just, can you imagine getting bullied by a SL community for your accent? You know, I don't want that. I don't wanna, it sucks, dude. I shake all the time. It's been really bad the last three years. I used to love soup. I used to love chili. Now I just, yeah. Now I just look chilly, You know? Thank you. Yeah, man. I don't know. I, I hate shaking, but my ex loved it. I, alright, thank You guys. That's my time. Matt. Ban wart.


Am I saying that right? Ban wart. Ban. You're nailing it, dude. Absolutely. I was wondering 'cause you kind of had ban bad handwriting And It's, it's, and now I see why it makes perfect sense. I wasn. Yeah. It's like a, it's like a third grader with palsy. It's bad. Yeah. When did have you, you've always had that. I I noticed it like junior year in high school and it's just gotten kind of worse the last three years. It's gotten pretty bad. So Maybe you should stop doing really nerve wracking activities like performing in front of large groups of people. You know? I think that's contributing factor. I think that is a part of it. Yeah. I shake all the time. It's, it's rough soup, sushi, my big two enemies.


Yeah. Hard to operate chopsticks is what You're saying. Dude, I just got sushi the other day. I was doing 'em with both hands and though I just getting bullied by the staff was embarrassing. Yeah. I was like, gimme a fork. I don't care. Right. What did they say? I couldn't understand them. You disrespect us. You know, you chop dick, right? Yeah. Okay. I was just thrilled to be there. All right. Were you on a date or something? No, I was, I was out with my friends. Right. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. My love. Life's not exciting. Really. A little bit. I don't know.


Huh. Interesting. All right. Edward Vibrator hands. I thought it would be good. I thought you'd be like Michael j Fucks or something, You know what I mean? No, I, I gotta, I got a quick, well, I was seeing this girl, we went on like four or five dates. We weren't exclusive yet. She was like, you should come see me at this bar. She texted me, I was like, I'll be there in five minutes. She goes, all right, see you soon. I walk in and she's like, making out with another guy. And I was like, that's, oh, that's okay. I'm fine. And I live, I took a photo of it and I, and I sent it to her and I was like, well, I think you're good. And she goes, that wasn't me. And I was like, you have a cast on and you sent me your outfit before you went out. That would be crazy if it wasn't you.


Was it a clear picture or was it all shaky? You make a great point. Yeah. I'd imagine you're one of the worst photographers in the history of human civilization. What else? What Lewis? We, We should have him go fight the Ukrainians in Russia. You never know when I'm gonna throw one. You know, it's kind of Oh, hell yeah. Alright. Yeah. Swing and a miss. Yeah, Absolutely. So what else do you do? I, I just, just stand up comedy. That's What you do for a living. It is, yeah. Okay. How long have you been doing it? Today is actually my nine year anniversary.


Today is, wow. My nine years today. Where have you been doing it at? For nine years. The first four were in Iowa. My first open mic was in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and then Chicago for like four years and here for the last year. Okay. When you were in Chicago, did you ever visit the Bean? Tony? How could I not know about the Bean? Hi. Yeah. Okay. On you. It's unbelievable. I know. It's Tony. It was, it's a phenomenal landmark dude. Huge fan of the bean. Okie dokie. All right there. Shaky hands. Jenkins, let's just keep this interview going.


What did you do for work before being able to depend completely on standup comedy? Yeah, I, I did a You made martinis at a bar or something like that. Spoiler alert. Not stirred. No. I, I I briefly did digital marketing. I did digital marketing. You did that on a keyboard with a computer. It goes XRXR. TT TT T-L-L-L-L-L. Fuck this chop. Fucking sucks. Did I, I have to tell. I use voice to text, to text people and it fucking sucks. I can't swear. It's just four. It's like, I'll be like, fuck. And it's just four star, star, star, star, star. Yeah. I just swear like a third grader on the phone. It's bad, right?


Are you ducking? Serious? Redban. Okay. Oh, okay. Is your favorite band the Alabama shakes? No. Shaky grapes. There you go. Alright. Have you considered being a hands in the pocket comedian? No. Well, what would he have to possibly talk about if he did that? I've got more. I I could, I could talk about other stuff. No, I know. I'm just kidding around. I'm kidding around. How about hobbies? What do you do when you're not doing standup? I, Oh man. I, well, I'm a wicked good sprinter and Really?


Yeah, Dude, I'll race anyway. My 40 meter dash is like unparalleled. What is it? I, whatever you want it to be. No, I don't think that's how it works. I, I think I ran, I think I ran a four three. Oh really? No. That's a lie. I, no, if if I ran a four three, I'd be the NFL right now. I would not be doing this. I Don't, it's a weird thing to lie about. Yeah. You said you're really great at something. I'm a good sprinter. I I don't, I've never timed, never timed my 40. It's Hilarious that you think you can just be fast and be in the NFL. Yeah. Yeah. We have this super fast kicker that can't kick, but it is a good thing to have when you're being chased by homeless people in Austin, Texas.


So, Matt, other than sprinting, do you have any other hobbies or anything else that you do other than standup comedy? I, I, I collect football cards of, I'm a huge Iowa State sports fan. There's not a lot of us. And yeah, I collect Hakeem Butler rookie cards. He's, he is my favorite player in the league. And he's not in the league. He got, he got drafted but never played. So I collect all of his rookie cards 'cause they don't cost anything. He's the only guy I can afford, so. Okay. I'm his biggest fan. All right. Matt Redban, does silencing your phone work? No. What do you mean by that?


I mean, like, if he silenced his phone. Does, does he Feel it? If I put it on vibrate, it just balances out. Right? Oh yeah. That's a reach. Don't know why I checked in with you there. Jesus. Okay. Matt, I feel like there's probably something more interesting about your life. What are your, any siblings that have this shaky disorder? Your family? No. Is it genetic? What do doctors actually say to you? Have you gotten it checked out? Yeah, I've, I've gone gotten MRIs, gotten, I've, I've had medication for it doesn't really wor, I mean, it kind of, What kind of medication did they give you? It's, it's propanol. I don't know. That's the stuff. It's doesn't really do anything though.


It just kind of makes me tired. It's like a beta blocker, so it just makes me not feel happy. Ah, yeah. Kind of a downer, isn't it? Yeah. Alcohol help, that's red. Band's answer to everything is alcohol help? Just, I, I wished it does not drink a lot. It might actually be a contributing factor. That makes sense. Yeah. You might just really need a drink. Do you have one? I'd love one. All right, well, I'm gonna have to go buy one after this. Matt. I like your style. You're getting a big joke book. Thank you, Man. I appreciate it. If you catch it. That is the moment of truth. Wow. Amazing.


Matt. Ban wart, Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. First shaky hands comedian that wasn't made a golden ticket winner in the history of the show. All right, your next bucket poll goes by the name of Jeffrey Lee. Everyone, 60 seconds uninterrupted. Make some noise for Jeffrey Lee. Everyone. Yeah, I'm, I'm doing Van Life Ladies and gentlemen. And it's going pretty good. But one downside is sometimes you get woken up by the police and that's unfortunate, You know?


And it went kinda like this. Knock knock. Who's there? It's the police. It's the police. Who, what are you homeless? That's how he wakes me up. Well, you had to knock, didn't you? That's who my one defense and not being homeless. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm a high functioning homeless.


Got a gym membership. I mean, what do you want from me people? Alright. Okay. Jeffrey Lee, homeless with a gym membership living in a van. That's pretty much everybody's interview. Oh, not usually. They're minute. You just stated a bunch of obvious facts that we already knew. Have you been on this show before? Yeah, one time. One Time. Yeah. I remember you. Oh dear. Oh, Dee's leaving. He's seen enough. I'm sorry, Dee, Dude. You, you may D leave.


Okay. So JOE LIST. What do you think about this guy? Well, you Ended your set with what do you want from me? And I think I speak for everyone I'm with and I say a punchline. Yeah, you're really, have you been doing standup? Yeah. Where? Well, I'm actually a little rusty. I've only been hitting a couple mics here and there. Sparingly. I started a new job, but What's the new job? I'm doing a door guy thing, so I'm just making the adjustment. What's, What's door guy? Where where are you a door guy On sixth Street here. Yeah. It's a Bar. Okay. So I'm just, You know, letting people in. Right. And with all Of that charisma. Yeah. Sorry. It's Sorry.


You're a Bouncer. Spunk up. Huh? You're a bouncer. I don't really have to do that part. I work day shift on purpose. You worked day shift at a bar. Yeah. On purpose. Sure. And sure. And you still aren't doing standup at night? I'm doing a little bit, but not, not enough. Yeah. You're def definitely not doing enough. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is this like a heaven themed bar where they have like a Jesus guy out front? It's like, come in, my child old homeless. Jesus says, you may enter. No, it's just a regular old hole in the wall bar, You know? Right. All right. Most interesting thing that has happened to you living this life of bars during the day.


Jeffrey Lee. Oh, you must have seen something crazy or interesting or funny perhaps at all. Live on a comedy show. I'm sorry dude. It's just, it's very mundane. It's just the same homeless people over and over again. And that gets a little depressing, to be honest. Yeah. I wish I would've brought up working. Having a job sucks. Okay. You, you're really bumming me out, dude. I know. I'm so Sorry. I mean, Jesus Christ. I Have to say it. Yeah. You ever get a girl back to your van In Austin?


No. Where were you before? Austin? Well, Ohio, Illinois, Wisconsin, a little bit. Which Were things going better for you there? I got a warrant there. Now we're talking. Who would guess a guy looked like that being persecuted. Unbelievable. It is just for some cannabis, You know what I'm Saying? No, we know. We know. You're stating a lot of obvious things. You had a warn for a burning bush. Alright, well Jeffrey, here's a little joke book, dude.


Wait, you probably got one last time, right? I got a big joke book last time. No Way. How the fuck did that happen? I mean, I can be pretty funny. What was the joke that you did last time you were on? Do it again. Just do it with confidence. Look out there to the crowd and do it for the love of God. Jeffrey, fucking do something. You've done nothing. It's been four minutes and 45 seconds of, well, this guy looks like fucking Jesus a little, but just fucking do it, Jeffrey, for the love of God damn God, your father for the love of your Father. Well, folks, to get a little personal, I suffer from extreme Ed.


European depiction. Is that it? Are you waiting? Are you like pausing? Are you thinking? Are you writing it right now? What is happening? What did you do before this? You see, you gotta give 'em a little time. Tony. Oh, Oh oh. But didn't mean to break up your brilliant comedic pacing. I'm watching people put guns in their mouths in the crowd. Little did we know the punchline is right around the corner. How silly of me to think that you ran outta gas there I was pulling something Out. Here we go. Are you still got it? Recordable show?


No. No. Okay. There he goes. Everybody. Jeffrey Lee. Jesus fucking Christ. All right, put that mic. Stand back on the ax that Thank you. There he goes. Jeffrey Lee. There he goes. Jesus Christ Almighty. How Did he get a big choke book? Oh, I have no idea. I must have been in a hell of a good mood that night.


Be honest. When's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy home-cooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more at HelloFresh dot com.


Alright, your next bucket poll has been on this show numerous times before. This is the return of Ali Musa. Everybody. Ali Musa is back. Hell yeah. So I love downtown Austin, You guys, it's amazing. I see the most wild shit. Like the other week I saw a homeless boy band. You guys, I'm serious. No. It was a group of homeless dudes all singing a song together. Like a boy band. Like really fucking well. So I walked up to him and I was like, holy shit, it's the Fentanyl five kick ass. Then one of them corrected me. He was like, actually we're the cracks Streete boys.


I was like, fair enough. And he started heating up a spoon to exactly 98 degrees. I was like, what the fuck? Then I got flashed by the same homeless lady three times in the same night. At first it was funny, but by the third time I was pissed off. 'cause we locked eyes and she just starts laughing at me and she kind of sounded like Bevis. She was like, yeah, yeah. Got him again. Something about her laugh just triggered me. So I saw a cop and I waved him over and I was like, excuse me, officer. You see that lady right there? She won't stop flashing me. And I swear to God, You guys, he just looks at me and goes, yeah, that's Denise. And then he walked away. All right, thank you Ali Musa. Solid set.


Laughs the whole way through. Almost made us completely forget about Jeffrey Lee, who was just up here minutes ago. It's incredible. We went from Jesus to the devil that fast. Here he is. Everybody. A hundred percent the dark Lord. Lucifer has arrived at speaking of darkness, D Madness is back. Go. All right on Q, you are what you see. Pure darkness. The great D Madness. Allie, that was a great set for thank you. Especially for what we've seen before, I feel like Right. Feel like that was your best set. Yeah, I was one of the best sets. It's like a sixth time On you.


You've been working hard. Yeah, I Get up almost every night. You look like it. Yeah. You look like You look like you're exhausted. Yeah. You're very funny looking guy. You're aware of this? Oh yeah. Yeah. Incredible. How's life been going? It's been good. Interesting. You know, just trying to work my way up the ranks of Austin ComEd is definitely not boring. Tell us boring. Tell us what that's like. Give us an example for the people watching at home. I mean, You know, just How many years you've been doing it? 13 years And how many years here in Austin? Three Years. Right. So go ahead. I mean, there's stage time everywhere. You can go to any open mic, You know, trying to, I've done the mothership mic numerous times.


You know, sunset Strip I do all the time. Red Vans Club is amazing. Yeah, I do that punchline at the poll show all the time. I do. I probably get on stage eight to 12 times a week. Travel back to Arizona, headline some bars, and here we are. And that's where you're from? Arizona. I'm From Arizona, yeah. Absolutely. Yep. And your ethnicity, remind us again exactly what you have to have running through your veins to have a face like that. Yeah. Libyan. Ah Yeah, Libyan cue the Kadafi jokes, the back to the future terrorists, all that good Shit. We've already done all that. Yeah. Yeah. This is your sixth time on the show. Yes. So what's changed in your life recently, Ali?


Anything different since the last time you were on? No, I just literally, I'm boring as shit. I do stand up every single day just trying to make it in this business. That's about it, You know? Yeah. What time I, you wish I had some wild story, but What time do you wake up? Like 10 or 11. And What do you do when you first wake up? I do Uber Eats delivery. Okay. Yeah. Alright, So that's all. All I do is stand up and Uber Eats and barely get by. Yeah. You know? But you love It. I do love it. Yeah. You're Very happy. I don't know about that, but let's take it Easy there for a second. Lewis. I Feel like the, the issue today is that everyone here is so unlikeable and their families didn't want them home for the holidays.


That's what's happening. Yeah. So everyone back there is just some fucking boring fucking asshole. We're like, all right, dude. Another person we don't want spend time with. Yeah. With. Yeah. I feel like your family doesn't celebrate Christmas though more like nine 11. Am I correct? A Hundred percent. Well, I'm actually half white, so I was raised a Muslim because of my father. So we would secretly celebrate Christmas. How would you do it in secret? Like, my Dad would like hide the Christmas tree when the Muslim family would come over. They can only sing Silent Night. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Incredible. So it was interesting. All right. What's your love life like?


Ali Musa? I was seeing a girl for a while, but she lived all the way in Big Spring, so it was too far of a commute to do all the time. Okay. I, I met her at a comedy show. I headlined a Mexican restaurant where I bombed and she was the only person enjoying it in the crowd. So we connected that way and then here we are. So tell us about that night. You bomb in a Mexican restaurant. Yes. She's laughing the whole time. Yes. How do you get to say hello to her? Do you go right up to her and go, Jesus, thank you for laughing. Yeah. Well, I was like doing the crowd work shit. Just talking to her the whole time. Like, fuck everyone else. It's just me and you here. And then we, oh, exchanged numbers. Started talking, started hanging out. She's come to Austin a few times. I've gone there. No wonder you bombed. You did a date.


Yeah. On stage. Yeah. Incredible. A hundred percent. I said, fuck the show. Let's just, let's do this. What's your living situation? Being an Uber Eats delivery driver in the, I'm Proud to say I actually live by myself, which is shocking for comedians. Yeah. They all have 17 roommates. I live in a real fucked up apartment complex. We talked about that before. Yeah. Where I've almost been shot by the police there. It's almost burn down twice. That makes sense. Yeah. It's pretty wild. All right. Well Ally, you've been on the show numerous times before. You know what, I'd love to have you back at The Secret show. This. Oh hell yeah. There you go. Much, much like Christmas. Appreciate a secret show. That goes ally mea everybody. Let's get some new names out here.


Let's see what happens here. Maybe, I don't know if this is new or not. Make some noise a minute uninterrupted for Anthony Walton. Everybody, Anthony Walden. We've seen Anthony before. Audi, I don't have any kids, so to make sure that happens. I like to practice extra safe sex. That's when I pull out and come in a dude that was just a joke to any gays in the audience. Sorry for the stolen valor.


My, my parents had me at an old age where the doctor told my mom that she should get an abortion because I was gonna come out blind deaf and retarded his words. Instead, I came out half blind, half death. And I'm pretty sure I'm autistic. I can't afford the test, so I'm taking everyone else's word for it. Oh yeah. I got called out recently by my cousin. He was like, man, you cry harder over celebrity death than do for grandma. And I was like, well, did grandma put out seven platinum albums? I don't think so. Grandma just called me Gay.


Anthony Walton been on this show before. That seemed like a good set for you. Yeah, it was pretty fun. It was great. Yeah. How long you been on standup? Seven years. Wow. And thanks to you man. Why? Thanks to me. You're the first headliner I saw at like, like 2019 in Dallas Hyenas. Yep. And you gave me like the best advice when I asked, like I wanted to start standup comedy. And you're just like, just go out and do a mic. Yeah. Just go do it. That's the advice I give. Like everyone else who does it. Wow. Look At you. It's been fucking chill. One of the funniest Mexican chipmunks I've ever seen JOE LIST. Well, Now I'm mad at Tony from getting this guy into standup. Yeah. But Yeah, just kidding. It's what I do.


It happens. It happens. I tell everybody the same thing. Go do it. It's pretty easy. The fact that open mics are free is a, is an unbelievable blessing that no other industry has. LUIS J GOMEZ, That like he said, go do an open mic. That's not like good advice. That's just like, get outta my face. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, go do an open mic right now. Yeah, Right. You're annoying me. Stop talking to me. Yeah. Now you spoke to me and my friends out and that was like cool Stuff. I did. I was so nice in 2019. You remember those days. I was like a real human being. Okay. That's fun. Oh yeah. Near the staircase there at the hyenas.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you're talking about. I used to do that. There's really nowhere else to go. They don't have an actual green room at that hyenas or else? Well, One never would've met me. Yeah. One of the only comedy clubs in the country without a green room. They, you have one now? I was informed. Oh yeah. I don't know. They built one. But yeah, the owner told me when I was at a theater in Dallas just a few months ago, Tony, did You just have a stroke? What was that? No, I blanked out. I forgot Randy's name. Randy is the owner of the Hyenas in Dallas. So do you still live in Dallas or you live here? No, I moved down here in May. What do you love about Austin, Texas?


The Fucking comedy scene, man. Yeah. It's fucking beautiful. I Love it. Yeah. What's something crazy that's happened to you here in Austin? It's a wild town. It's very alive. Doing this, doing the open mic in the small room. But like, the homeless are pretty crazy out here too. That's just at a lady. Seems to Be a theme here tonight where I'm asking people what's crazy about their lives. They go, I'm just doing comedy. And there's homeless people. Well, she's like, A lady popped up. Is there anything else other than tonight, like what you saw outside homeless and comedy inside? No. Some, some lady taking the shit in the street, but I, I guess that's normal. Oh. So pretty much the same theme. All right.


Anthony. Anthony, Anthony. What do you do for fun? Oh man. I love going to like concerts and like wrestling shows. Okay. You've done that recently here? Yeah. There, there was like a metal show. I went called like Animals as Leaders. So like, Oh, Michael, You know about animals as Big Mike knows about animals as leaders. Big Mike, as of last week is his new name. All right. You ever do any music yourself? Ah, man, I, I, I tried to like, I played decent guitar and I tried to do like metal vocals. Like I wanted to be a vocalist. You do what? Great. Let's play some metal music. Let's hear some vocals. Anthony Walton.


1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4. Alright. I swear to God if this show doesn't pick up, I'm gonna bring Ike Gazar back here. We're gonna read Yelp reviews for the rest of the fucking night. There he goes.


Did you get a big joke book before? No. Never before? No. There you go, buddy. Congratulations. There you go. Anthony Walton. I'm barely kidding, by the way. I swear to God. Two more bad comedians in a row. Go track down Ike Gazar and have him on deck. Your next bucket bowl goes by the name of Davey Jackson. What's up y'all? It's good to be here. Looking like a disgraced youth pastor. I'm happy to be here. I just got back from Atlanta. Y'all weird place A lot of black people, You know what I mean?


Yeah. I did find out that all the black men in Atlanta are gay, which was weird. Yeah. But also all the white people are on drugs in Atlanta, so it's like this weird racist, freaky Friday. Like, what the fuck did Tyler Perry do to that town? Is what I want to know. But all those gay black dudes are still gangster. They're gangsters. Fuck boy. They stole my car and my heart in Atlanta. They fucking, they got me. Yeah. A lot of people say once you go black, you never go back. All right. I, I like Mexican women. Yeah. Yeah. I like to say once you go Mexican, you never rest again.


'cause you have to sleep with one eye open because they will stab you. They'll do that. Once you go Latina, you're gonna get a subpoena. You will end up in court. That's just kind of how that works. I'm Davy Jackson. Thank y'all. Davy Jackson. Good. Set. Great stuff. We know for a fact from your appearances on this show before that you indeed have been stabbed by a Mexican woman. I have, yeah. I've also gone black before. Yeah. How did that go for you? I got Gonorrhea, so that was pretty fucking cool. Wow. Yeah. Was that her name or you ever hook up with good old Chlamydia Jenkins? Yeah. There we go. Believe she plays for one of the WNBA teams.


That's A man baby. There you go. Davy Jackson. Welcome back to the show. What's been going on So much? I actually just met Kyle Rittenhouse. Okay. Yeah. That was pretty Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Actually a really sweet guy. Yeah. Damn Right. Such a nice dude. Where'd you meet him at? I met him at a party. I was talking about having a breeding kid. Was It a Republican party where he Yeah. Lot of guns and skateboards involved. Pretty fucking cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah. That seems safe. Yep. I mean, there's, there's less safe ways to meet. Kyle hit Rittenhouse from what I've heard.


Yeah. Yeah. You fuck with his town. That's right. Yeah. It was pretty cool though. He apparently also has a breeding kink, so that was fun. We just talked about coming in ladies, so that was really, yeah. Yeah. It was cool. Yeah, he was a nice guy. Tell us more about that. How does that, what kind does a conversation like that start and go down? I, I was really just talking to some buddies about how I was worried that I have a breeding kink, and I heard a young voice behind me go. Me too. Yeah. And Kyle Rittenhouse walked around my left side and I was like, oh, fuck. And He had a little, he had a little like golden retriever with him. He did actually. Yeah. No, he has a very skinny golden retriever.


He's friends with David Lucas. Oh, okay. I've Met it. That makes sense actually for David. Yeah. Yeah. That tracks checks Out. Yeah. He does love hanging around white bitches, So. Oh, not my boy Kyle. No, no. He's, he's all right. He's okay. Yeah. Rogan did make fun of his dog in the green room one night. Why was it so skinny? Because, because as Rogan called out, he goes, he goes, you got it? He goes, you got your dog neutered, huh? And he is like, yeah. He goes, I can tell. Yeah, dude. Which, which is like one of the, which is, by the way, if you're wondering for me, a roaster, whatever.


Right. That is just one of the coldest disses Yeah. That I've ever seen a human land on. Another human just, I can tell Your dog's a pussy. Yeah. So, yeah, It really kind of is like, it's a, it's a kind of like an underdeveloped golden retriever. Very skinny. It looks very, very, he, He's anemic. Leave him alone, dude. Yeah. It's, It's a sad dog. You would think if someone was gonna put him down, it would be Kyle Rich now. Jesus Christ. But obviously He loves execute the Golden Retriever. Art, Art, art, art. Incredible. Wow. You just put a little There it is.


Actually, I, I, JOE LIST doesn't know me, but I, I'm actually familiar with Joe. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You and you and Mark Norman talked about me on your podcast one time. Really? Yeah. Yeah. In what capacity? Well, I hope it all good. Mark secured some Xanax one time. Oh, nice. Yeah. Yeah. And from you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That also tracks. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y'all talked about it on Tuesdays with stories. What did, did I say anything bad? You look mad at me. I'm not, no, I'm not mad. All right. I don't really know you. I'm just gonna, Kyle, come out here real quick. No.


Huh? No, I don No, you rightfully called me a piece of shit for giving him Xanax. Yeah, that sounds right. Yeah. No, I, he, he was telling you the story and you said that they were probably laced with fentanyl. Which did I say that? Yeah. Well, I maybe something along those lines. I don't think I said that. Well, You know, we can go back and listen. Wow. Pull up my podcast. Let's review the tape. Let's review the tape. One star, you cannot smoke. Ash. Let's go back to breeding kink for a second. Yeah. Because I've never even heard of such a verbiage of something before.


I think everybody doesn't, isn't it just human to want to come inside of something? I mean, yeah, probably, but like, I like Mexican Over there, has never thought about it. What? What The fuck? Wait, you could do that dude. Fucking unbelievable. Meanwhile, the Puerto Rican guy with a Puerto Rican of himself on a Puerto Rican shirt of himself is like, I don't even know what the fuck pulling out is, dude. This fucking guy never Pulled that. What does that Walmart riffraff, what the fuck is happening? Holy shit. It is Unbelievable. Incredible. But does the breeding kink is that you want them to be pregnant or you just want to cu in them? That's what I'm confused by. It's a good question. It's a little bit of both, but I, I mean, I've fucked Mexican women.


So they're gonna get pregnant. They're immune to plan B apparently. So when you say you have a breeding kink, does that mean like, yo, I mean, can you help us Understand? I just, I like the idea of getting a woman pregnant. Okay. Right. Yeah. Right. But that's da That's very dangerous in Texas as we know. Have you done it before? Have you gotten women pregnant? Fuck. How many abortions are under your belt? Or her belt or what? You say? Borsch, like an even half dozen Bors. You, you went overtime limit. Do you put holes in your own condom?


Me? No. No, no, no. Absolutely not. I have had a woman like poke holes in one before though. Right? Yeah. That, that's does Mexican women will stab anything. Okay. So if you had to guess how many abortions you have under your belt? Oh God. I'm so sorry, mom. It's gonna be at least three that I know of. Wow. Three that You know Of. I'm a piece of shit. You were right. You were right, Joe. I feel terrible. I don't even know who you are. You seem like a nice guy. I mean, you're giving out drugs, you're paying for abortions. If you had to, if you had to guess how many abortions you don't know of and totaled them up, how big would this family of fallen angels be?


Fuck, I, I mean, honestly, not enough, because I've gotta have at least one or two kids out there, so, wow. Incredible. Do we have an abortion sound effect? Can you go to, what do we got here? Wait. Oh, That's a very late term abortion. There it is. It has arrived to the heavens. Oh. And a fart. Wow. I guess that's a side effect of the whatever they give you for abortions. Yeah. Oh, oh, Redban Redban. That's too much. It's too much. Redban. Oh, the crowd goes wild.


Redban is on fire. An incredible set of noises for the abortion. Wow. I can't believe you did that. That is, oh God. Oh no. Was That a circular song? Okay. We're having a lot of Fire. Just a vacuum cleaner would be perfect, man. Okay. Where's your victory thing? You deserve it. You deserve it after that.


Redban on the soundboard. There it is. Right here. Right here. Hey, Redban. Woo. Wow. Redban is a natural Beethoven on this iPad. It is absolutely incredible. That was a true journey. I love, Have you ever taken a woman to get an abortion? Yeah. Yeah. I have. And And what is that drive like for you? Exactly. Not funny. Well, yeah, it's, it's very quiet, typically speaking. Yeah. Yeah. It's not, it's not a fun time. I mean, it's a great time. Internally. I'm celebrating obviously, but externally you have to look sad.


Like you just have to kind of maintain that. Yeah. You Have to play cool, right? Ab Absolutely. Does any moments stand out to you pre or post-abortion? One one of them happened literally right after I had a threesome. Ah, yeah. You Got a double abortion. Oh, no, no. Thank, oh, fuck. That would've been so expensive. Holy shit. Well, No, it would've been twice as expensive as one abortion. Yeah. But it was, it was kinda like a, a high moment for me, and then a really low moment right after. So it was just a, a rollercoaster, an emotional rollercoaster. If you would've put the girl on a rollercoaster, she would need an abortion. That's so true. You're right about that. That's true. In retrospect. I should have just, That is a good point. So you had a threesome and you came inside of one of the girls, right?


Yeah. And were, would you have come inside of the other girl if you would've been inside of her at the time? Oh, no. No. Huh? She didn't seem like mom material if I'm being real. So, okay, now we're getting somewhere. This is what I look for. Every episode is a moment of an interview where it's like finally some fresh meat, something new. So this breeding kink. Yeah. Where you want to get a woman pregnant. Part of it is based on the fact that she might make a good mother. Yeah. Even though you don't want her to actually have the baby. The part that turns you on is that she seems like she would be a good mother. Absolutely. And sometimes you do this with a woman that you met that night.


This feels like an SAT Question. It's more like an STD question. There it Is. But sometimes it's a one night stand. Oh, this woman who's obviously had many abortions, can't take any more of this. She's crying and leaving, stumbling her way out. I think I just saw a baby fall out of her pocket. Okay. She's pretty hot. I'd pay for one for her. Yeah. Oh My goodness. That is the sound of, Oh My God. That is the sound of an angry woman that's had many abortions leaving. Oh, What? Where did Santa come from? Oh My goodness.


Another baby down the chimney. There They go. All right. Okay. What was my question? Oh, yeah, We were talking. I don't, I don't even remember Anymore, so, so, okay. So sometimes you'll meet a woman, right? And you'll like hook up with her that night. And if she seems, what makes a woman seem maternal to you? A guy who obviously didn't have a real mom in your life. Whoa. Holy shit. You did? Yeah. Yeah. No, You know, loving mother Very, yeah, very much so. She homeschooled me all the way through high school. Oh, he Alluded to his mother watching the show. You see this? Okay. Okay. Right.


Wow. We are finding out a lot right now. So a very close connection with your mother. Some would say to, I still kiss her on the lips. It's fine. You do? We All do. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, because we're good sons. No, he's saying that he kisses your mom on the lips. Yeah. I misunderstood that. Fuck you. Yeah, That was, That was a think piece of a joke. Humili. Okay. Wow. This is just incredible to me. So does your mom know that you love coming inside of Mexican women? Ah, fuck. I hope not.


Do you think she would still kiss you directly on the lips? If she does. I mean, I'm not coming in my own mouth, Tony. So, yeah, she would still kiss me on the lips. I feel like That, that can be fun. Okay. Just kidding. Davy Jackson, very fun interview. Great stuff. You already have a big joke book. Yes, sir. Onto the next one. There he goes. Davy Jackson. A lot of returns of people that have been on this show before. A lot. A lot. A lot. Let's see what happens here. This looks like a newer name. Oh, the lovely Heidi. All this talk of, all this talk of breeding. And here comes Heidi. Right on cue.


All right, your next bucket poll. This looks like a new name, which is very exciting to me at this point. Make some noise for toddy. Tyndall, everybody. Toddy Tyle. So I was manning the door at an establishment here on sixth Street with a fatty deterrent system in place. And as I stood at the bottom of them stairs, gorgeous young thing coming me with little spaghetti straps, silky number on with no bra and half her ass hanging out. And she heads of, Hey. So I sit her up them stairs. I might have inadvertently found myself gazing up upon her undercarriage and held my gaze a little longer than anticipated. In those 20 seconds, I could tell you with absolute certainty that she is not one of those butthole bleaching bitches.


And also that she has dynamite pussy. I seen a little white fuse sticking out of her panties, and a week later, his chunky young fa with 50 pounds of FPA tucked into a miniskirt. Coba X is too small, decides she's gonna stop halfway up them stairs and throw the ass back for the world to see. It was fucking horrendous. She had no panties on. I thought I was looking at a bulldog eating bologna. It was fucking, Ugh, gross. Somebody obviously had lit her fuse. Oh, you were looking at me. You were done. I'm directing things, making the whole show happen tody, tyndall, everybody.


Okay, well let's just jump right into it. JOE LIST. Did you eat a bees nest right before you came out? What? You do have somewhat of what? One would almost call some kind of accent or impediment or something. Do You know about this? I need a drink. You Need it? Your mouth is dry. Yes, sir. Yes. I haven't drank this one yet. Give a little sip of that water there. Some of that. Thank You guys. No problem. Mouth is wow.


Absolutely incredible. So you were working a door at a bar and a woman went up the stairs with no underwear on and had a big vagina. Oh, it was. That's basically what you were saying. It Was ugly. Yes, Sir. Wow. You sound totally fine now. Amazing. Okay, so let's get right into it. Toddy, how long have you been attempting standup comedy? Three Months. Three months? All of it here in Austin, Texas? Yes, sir. Is this where you're from, All on sixth Street? No, sir. I moved from Carlsbad, New Mexico. You moved from Carlsbad, New Mexico. How long ago did you move? September. Labor Day. Okay. So you came to Austin two start standup? Yes, sir. And how's that?


How old are you? 47. 43. 40 50? Yeah. Louis J. Gomez. Speaking of which Labor Day is the last comics favorite holiday? That is because they go, women go into labor. I would've said his least favorite holiday because he has nothing but abortions. But it works out either way. Obviously was not funny. I'm trying up here, folks. Okay. So I love it. Tyle. What made you wanna start standup comedy at the sweet age of 47? I Had just been one or two forever, and I had just lost my job.


Right. As a good friend of mine had a room for rent. And I was like, what the hell? I love it. What was your job? I was working in oil field. Okay. And how'd you lose that job? The company I was working for lost the contract. Okay. And But you were good. You were good at working in oil. No, I didn't like it. Why didn't you like it? Oh My God, it just sucked. I spent 15, not 15 years, 10 years of my life on a boat. I worked offshore for a long time. Oh, Okay. JOE LIST. I hope the company finds the contract So he gets the job back and stops doing standup is the joke I was going for. There we go. If you explain it, you just gotta explain it.


So, Todd Tyndall, is that your real name? My name is Todd. I love it. I love it. Your real last name, Tyle? Yes, sir. Todd Tyndall. Look at you. Okay, so let's talk about it. What have you been doing your whole life other than working in the oil field? Do you have any kids? Are you gay? I am not gay. Your s's are, you Stop it. You sound like a real man until you hit those S's. Oh My God. I'm 47. No, I don't care. I was working in the oil field. I You don't notice that. That little fucking gas leak you got going on in there. You don't notice that little fucking, I don't play for that team, but they love me.


Oh My God. I'm not cusp getting hit on by men coming move to Austin. What did you just say? Your husband gets hit on by men. Said, I'm not. You have another Sip of that fucking water, Todd. Have another sip of that water. You're getting gayer and gayer. Your mouth dries up and you're fucking this guy. This guy gets gay by the second. This absolutely incredible. Hell yeah. Okay, so the gay men love you. How do You know the gay men love you? Do they tell you this after you fuck them in the ass? No. I was called a beautiful man just a few days ago by another man. Where was you?


Were called a beautiful mind. Aha. Where was this at? Where did this guy call you? A beautiful Man? I presently work the door of poor choices. Oh wow. So you work the door at the bar in which people sign up? Yes, sir. And are stationed for this show. My fucking night off. And there I was again. There It is. Yep. Tonight was your night off and you're inside of Poor Choices. Get my balls busted on KILL TONY. Yep. I bet you wish it they would just out here getting my balls bus. Incredible, Todd. So what do you do for fun? You seem like a man with many hobbies. Like Yeah, I bet you like you have your own little, like train set or something like that.


No, I'm a reptile, not erection aficionado. You're a what? A reptile. I like reptiles. Okay. Like captain bred pythons for a decade. I sold my reptile business to move here. You Had a reptile business? I did a reptile. Incredible. So like, do you ever put a snake in your butt? Oh yeah. Plenty of times. No, but seriously, No. Not like that. No. Right. What's the craziest thing that's happened to you with these reptiles? Getting bit by, by big snakes and screaming like a little girl with a skinny Dude. I know. It must be weird coming from me, but bro, I got news for you.


Dude. You're gay, bro. We, we are gonna figure this out tonight. Toddie, I got news for you, dude. This is a very special talent that I have. Your gator is strong. It is unbelievable. I have to be on the defense at all times. I cannot drop my keys or anything around people like you. You just said that you got, I mean, it is just blatant. It is blatant. Have you ever tried being with a man? No, I have not. JOE LIST, have you ever dealt With a reptile dysfunction?


Oh, Oh, that's, that's not a new one, buddy. I've heard that many a times. Oh, I bet you've heard all the reptile jokes. Why don't you do some for us? Oh, No, that just that one. Oh, Okay. That's, That's about it. Thought you'd have more in the tank or No? I do not know. All right. So I have four kids, five kids from four different women. Whoa. All right. David Lucas, slow down. So I am not gay. I am, I approach. You have five kids from four different women. You have a breeding kink. This is a breeding kink theme show. All of a sudden, there are dudes just blasting, just raw, dogging it.


Wow. My pullout game is trash. Incredible. Incredible. So, okay, this, these, all these kids are in Arizona. Oh, no, I've never lived in Arizona. I'm from New Mexico. Oh, that's what I meant. Yeah, they're It's all the same new age. Yes, sir. Potato. Potato. Right. Okay. So they're all there. No, sir. I have three in Louisiana, one in Texas, one in New Mexico. Wow. Oh My goodness. It's incredible. A game of risk. Absolutely incredible. And how about now? What are you doing nowadays? What do you, what do you, what do you I'm playing the field.


I'm single for the first time in a decade, and I'm trying to be a fucking cosman out here on sixth Street. How's that working out for you? He said Fucking with us. My, my standards are on a sliding scale and at the moment I'm kind of broke, so I'm You Said he's fucking with us. He's fucking with us. You think he's gay too? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He just said, he's like, I, I'm sixth grade coxing or whatever the Fuck. He's fucking Sucking cock on sixth grade. Whatever he is doing. Megan, I I, I did just take a photo of the transvestite and send to my baby brother to fuck with him. Told him she wanted to take me home tonight. And she's obviously not. She don't have the factory fuck stick. I, sorry. Factory fuck hole, rather.


Oh, Wait a second. The flag on the play. You just said fuck stick and we all heard it. She, she, this girl was born with the factory fuck stick. What does that mean? He says, the OG dick born without the, the, the fucking regular old fuck hole girl had a dick. Is what I'm saying. JOE, LIST the Girl. No, I'm just confused here. Me too. I Mean, first of all, I know this isn't the woke hist crowd, but transvestite, I don't think we're saying that anymore. I mean, yikes.


Alright, Todd, let me ask you this. Let's go this direction to try to crack this code. What is the gayest thing you've ever done in your life? Oh, you got a quick answer here. That finger went right up. I can already tell. Now you're doing. Oh, I, I kissed a dude one time. Okay. Okay. Oh, people are disgusted here in Texas. Just, oh god. Where was this at? Where did you kiss this dude? Where on his body? Did, did you kiss? Yeah. With this dirty, my best friend Bobby. Hold on. Wait, let's check in with gay Redban over here. It was on his dirty asshole.


I claimed it for him. He should have paid me. And then I threw him in a tank. It filled with snakes. No, it's not my kink. What is your kink? I like butt fucking fat girls. It's kind of, I believe everything except for the last word. Rip rail women with the, with the factory. Fuck. Hold. None of that. We're getting a little bit closer here. We've made it to buttholes. Ladies and gentlemen. We are getting warmer on the, I'm gonna, I'm gonna even let Redban do a second fart noise this episode. There you go. You've earned it buddy. You've Earned it. I like fucking really big girls in the ass.


Preferably with really short hair if possible. Yeah. And while they growl, Why not? Wow. Okay. Alright. Alright. Hate head. I love it. Okay, let's find out more gay things about you. What, what's your favorite kind of music? What kind of music do you like to listen to? I think Metallica is the greatest American man of all. I thought it was gonna say Madonna. I swear to God I did not see Alica coming there. I thought it was a Donna for sure. His his favorite song is Enter Sand Man. Yes.


Yes. A perfect Metallica reference. Totally. Making up for that Labor Day joke from Distribu. Wow. Four kids. I just can't believe. Oh, five. Five fucking Kids. Four moms. Do you stay in communication with them? Oh yeah. You're a good dad. I am. Wow. And what are you doing for them for Christmas? I money. You just send money? Well that, my older guy, they're older and they like money. Yeah. My baby is eight and she loves gonna Walmart with a little card, You know, so I'll hook up. Nice. I love it. Hell yeah. That's a New Mexico delight going to Walmart with a gift card. Oh, for sure. Oh yeah. White trash. Wonderful. Absolutely.


Absolutely. All right, toddie. Well, I gotta tell you, it's a hell of a KILL TONY debut. Your minute was, what was it? It was just, it was fabulous. It was, it was a gay old time. Yeah, it was gay Old time. It, it's hard out there to be a gay man with a dry mouth. Nobody likes getting their dick sucked by a sandpaper vacuum. Wow. You have a sound effect for that. That's incredible. Red band's been waiting 13 and a half years to do his dry mouth gay blow jaw.


Oh, I need an ambulance for my deck. Alright, so the set was terrible. Barely understandable with the dry mouth. I mean, it really was. It was. And you were, you need to get that mic a little bit closer to your mouth when you're trying to I know. You know, that'll be easy for you. But I'll tell you what, the interview was so good that instead of a little joke book, we're gonna go with a medium joke book and there he goes. Alright. Thanks Todd. Tyle, everybody making us KILL TONY debut. Congratulations Toddie. Oh Jesus. Get outta here. Oh My God. I almost flipped and fell at the ad. I can't believe it. I almost flipped and fell. Right on.


Fuck. Yeah. Nothing better than Heidi to unga the room after that. Woo. We're all thinking about dry blow jobs and shit, so you're not gonna believe this. This, the bucket has such an unbelievable sense of humor. That was Toddy Kindle's first name, first time on the show. And his name again is Toddy Tyndall. This next comedian's name is Tommy Tickles again. That was Toddie Tyndall. And this Jesus, I thought I was the only one with that name. Son of a bitch.


People. I gonna Get up. Yes, I have. I have 17 kids. I can't possibly be gay. You all have assholes. I that fucked my way into a bunch of kids. And I send them all Walmart gift cards. So Ladies and gentlemen, I'm introducing after Toddy Tyndall. This is Tommy Tickles everybody.


I am 4% Nigerian. That means I can say the N word every 50 days or so. I am married. I do most of my own laundry. I do all the cooking. I do most of the cleaning and I pay most of the bills. The only reason I'm still married is because of the sex, the wonderful sex I'm having with her sister. I don't wanna screw that up. I've got a real, she's not even that hot.


I've got a real creepy uncle. My mom hoped that he wouldn't rub off on me, but he did it anyway. I don't like to text and I don't like to text and drive. It makes it way too difficult to watch porn and masturbate. You will never catch me drinking and driving 'cause I'm that fucking fast. There he is. You cannot make it up. Tommy Tickles following Toddie Tyle.


Both of them look ridiculously straight. And then they begin to talk. And in a stunning turn of event, again, the odds of this happening in the history of the show that a toddy Tyndall would look like a real man. I'm from the oil field and then this guy comes out, literally me and Redban joked. 'cause we both thought the same thing. As soon as he walks out, we go, oh, straightest guy ever. Yeah. Straight guy. And then all of a sudden you're like, I, I have sex with my sister. Sex with my wife's sister. Okay, let's get into it. Tommy, welcome to the show. You're not responsible for what happened before you, but you, you are kind of All right.


Here we go. Tommy. How long have you been doing standup? This Is my first time. Wow. Look at that. I love it. I love to hear it. Let the games begin. This interview shall be golden. There's nothing that can stop my momentum at this point with you. I could tell you got a lot of stories. I could tell There's a lot of things in the cup holder of your truck right now. We're gonna get into it. There's a lot going on. What is in the cup holder of your truck? Before I even get started with the rest of You, I heard some of the questions you asked the other guy. The gayest thing I've ever done. I won a skipping contest. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Like in the fifth grade. I was awesome.


I was fast. Can we see that? That is, that is amazing. That is amazing. I now know you are straight as fuck. 'cause that is a true answer of a true straight man. Yeah, I as well won a skipping contest. Maybe they on, I I did it on my way here tonight. Actually. I won The contest. Basically. Who's the gayest? Okay, very good. All right. Turns out he is gay after all. Toddie Tyndall. Then Tommy Tickles. That's your real name to no Uhuh. Oh, you made that up. Well I had to change it from Meles to tickles Meles. No, that's not true either. My real name's Sean. Oh, okay. Well that's crazy.


You're kind of crazy. Why would you change your name? You have warrants. No, You know, just don't want people to know me as Tommy Tickles. How many DUIs have you gotten? Ha Never been caught. I have never been caught. Never. You pled not guilty? No. Contest? Absolutely. Okay, so how old are you Tommy? Huh? What is going on here tonight?


Some of these drones are shooting gay lasers wherever the mic stand is right now And I'm 50 50. I just turned 50. You just turned 50. Wait. The crowd is absolutely shocked. You are at the same exact age as Brian Redban. Incredible. What has happened in your life to where you look like you fought in every war that America's had? I, I've seen a lot of shit. Yeah? Yeah. What have you seen? Oh, You know, I've been everywhere. I've been all over the world. You know, you see it all. Yeah. I've been on sixth Street, shit. Some lady tried to sell me a scooter for like 50 bucks. That sounds like a pretty good deal.


Honestly, I, I Know that's what I said. I couldn't figure out how to put the gas in the motherfucker, but I've got a scooter now. So You bought it? Yeah. Amazing. I'm from the country. Yeah. Where? Outside of Fredericksburg? About two and a half hours from here. Okay. Out in the middle of nowhere. Alright. That's where you were born and raised? Yeah, I was raised there. Okay. My dad was in the Navy. I was born on a Corpus Christi Naval base. And then after all that, You know, I was in, ended up out on the farm ranch out in Fredericksburg. Okay. And you were a farmer for many years? Is that what You're saying? That's what I'm doing right now. I'm a farmer rancher and a construction manager.


Okay. Yeah. And what exactly does that job entail exactly? It's Like 16, 20 fucking hours a day milking goats and sheep and fucking cows getting in the neighbor's pasture. And then you do all that during the nighttime farming, You know, plowing fields and planting oats. And then in the daytime I go build fence and fucking barns and shit. Honest question here. Yeah. That was an honest hone Honest answer. I'm looking for. Tommy, you ready for it? Let's go. What is the most sexual thing you've ever done with any of those farm animals? Ha. You ever Just like I'm some kind of sheep fucker. No, I'm just curious. Maybe you patted a cow on the butt or something like good game or something like that.


Everybody knows that goats wiggle around more and have bigger tits. They have the second closest vagina to a human vagina too. I, I can, I can do a cesarean, I can perform a c-section on a goat or sheep or cow. Yeah. That's not very sexual, but You know, I can stick my hand all the way up in there. And you've done that before? I have. Yeah. You got to, You know, and if you got big old hands and You have big old hands, they're old. They're definitely old Goats and sheep thing. That's why they call 'em Tommy Tickles. Nah.


Okay. So Tommy, let's talk about your love life a little bit. What have you have? You, you have kids, have you been married? No. Kids. Have you been doing out there? I've been married for 13 years. That's right. Yep. What does, what does she do for a living? What's his name? Okay. Redmond. Relax. She cleans, she cleans bed and breakfasts. She's housekeeper. And then also she takes care of the ranch. I mean, it's a full-time job. We have 12 bottle babies right now. Little tiny goats. And, and she has to bottle feed them three times a day. So. Wow. It's, it's, it's busy out there. Is It profitable? No. No, no. You gotta love it. You know. I love it. You love it. Well kind of.


I'd rather make some money. But You wake up, you wake up to like, what wakes you up? Like chickens or something like that? Chickens and geese. And then we got about 15 Guinea hands that live above our house. So it's like a fucking ball. Italian people. What are they? Guinea. What? Hey, wake up down there. Hey Son. Oh. Oh, fuck No. It's, it's hard to fall asleep and it's not, not hard to wake up. Okay. Alright. What are you into when you log on to the internet and you go to a porn website and your wife is out there bottle feeding goats and you have a couple minutes to yourself, what do you search for?


Threesomes. Nice. With free use. Gorgeous. You know, what Was that last one before? Gorgeous. What was the one? Free use. Free use. Yeah. You know, you're just wandering around and there's some chick there and she's like, you can do whatever you want. Never heard of This. Sometimes I'm hosting this show and I have no idea what's going on and I sometimes wonder, maybe I'm the only one that doesn't know what the fuck anything means or makes sense. And I, and I, it gets scary in everybody else's podcast. You're in a room, you can't fuck up the audio. Everybody can hear what they're saying. You got headphones on.


This show is so crazy. What the fuck are you talking about? Hey, it's your question. You know, you wanted to ask it Son of a bitch. I just got Bodi. Is that free use? Redban is looking up free use porn. And that's my ex-girlfriend even. He's like, I gotta get this shit off my screen. With that, with that. Thank God for Express. VPN. My goodness. Tommy. Tommy, Tommy. So what kind of car did you drive here today? What kind of pickup truck? Chevy 2,500. So What is, for some reason, my first thing that I said when I began this interview, I picture there being stuff, right?


There's stuff underneath your like radio, the knobs and everything. What is in your cup holders and your little holder areas. What do you, is there a lot of stuff there? Receipts and coins. Am I correct? Yeah. Broken tools and shit I need to fix and receipts and like What, what do you need to fix? Exactly. That's Hydraulic. Hydraulic connection on a hydraulic hose. It goes to my skid steer. And I've got A hydraulic hose is actually one of the things I search on the porn when I'm Screaming. Yeah. Alright. Okay.


Redban is killing on the soundboard tonight. Okay. Can I try roasting? Wait, what do you mean? What? What do you mean? What do you, what's going on here? Who do you wanna roast? You trying to roast me. Oh, you son of a bitch. Sure. Try roasting. Hey, you've got a gorgeous face. You've got extremely big teeth. I bet horses love you. Maybe they don't love you. Maybe they're scared you're going to eat their corn. That is true. Your Face should be at the end of a conveyor belt in a James Bond movie. Just like jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump. Yeah. These are all very good. Redban. If I'd say, if I said right turn Clyde, would You know what to do?


No. Is that, is that barnyard material? Same generation from a a Clint Eastwood movie. He'd go right turn Clyde and some chimpanzee would go blink, stick out his arm and knock somebody out. Okay. You have that on like VHS or something somewhere. Yeah, Probably. Do you have a VCR? No. Uhuh. Do you have a DVD player? Yes. And you use it? Oh yeah, I've got stacks of stacks of movies. There's nothing else. You know what to do, right? Absolutely incredible. Do you have wifi on your farm? Yes. Okay. So you have actual wifi, not dial up Internet, smartphone. Fucking smart TV nowadays. What are just No Moisturizer?


Funny. Have you, what's, yeah, what's the last thing you bought yourself like as a special treat for yourself? Fuck this sweatshirt. Okay. Alright. Oh some my nephew talked me into getting some earbuds. So now I got earbuds on. So I'm out there on the tractor. I can listen to my earbuds. You can listen to music and stuff. Can't Figure out the phone though. People call and I'm slapping myself in the ear. Now I have a fucking ear ache. Wow, look at that. So 50 years old. And what made you wanna start standup comedy? Did I already ask You this?


No you haven't. Yeah, 50 years old. I've always wanted to do this love comedy, but I've just been, You know, stuck out on a farm and ranch and then all of a sudden I find out about your show. It's only like two and a half hours away and I'm like, why the fuck not, You know? How Many times have you signed up for this Show? This is number five. This is your fifth time. Wow. You got up. How did it feel? I can't hardly see anybody, so I, I'm fucking fine. You know, I'm a little nervous. My legs are a little shaky, but You know, I, I got a few laughs. Yeah, that's what I wanted. Yeah. A laugh. Yeah. First time especially for a first time. It was fucking great. Tommy Tickles.


Congratulations. Very, very interesting human being. Thanks for taking a break from the farm. Here's a big joke book made from the great bone eye. That's real Texas leather. Just like your skin. You son of a bitch. Woo. Alright, This Looks like a new name for sure. Let's see how this goes. Make some noise for Abo. Everybody abo. Come on, make some noise for Abo everyone. Hey. Hey. It is cool to be here, but a lot of people hype Austin up like it's the promised land.


Like as soon as you get off the highway, you run into pack some motherfuckers sleeping together, drugged out, begging for money and them just the comedians Don't get me started on the homeless people. I'm sure there are good people on both sides. This is Texas. All right, this should be a safe space. Is it just me or trans women getting a little, little too powerful. Hear me out. They're kicking women asses in sports and dating gaps in a short amount of time. We went from it's ma'am to will you suck my lady penis?


Like bro. Maybe. Maybe. But, but you see these trans women on these data naps and it's like, like, like what's Shelan Musk has been innovating trans technology. Where are the alpha, where are the alphabet people hiding them? Him. Her. One of them. One of them should have put his ass on the vaccine. I probably would've got it. He has a good track record. But you see these, fuck it bro. The fair bike. There You go. Abo. Yes sir. Welcome to the show. Abom. This is your first time here, correct? This is My first time here. This is my fifth time doing comedy.


Okay. This Shit's dope Bro. Yeah, it's a fun thing. Yes sir. Absolutely. How old are you? I'm 31. What made you wanna start standup comedy. Going through a rough time man. And I had to laugh to keep from crying. I love it. Tell us about it. Shit. A breakup. I don't wanna get exactly into that like real Quick. No, you're good. Get into it. That's what's interesting. What's real is what's interesting. Nobody watches this. Yeah. This is a safe space. Alright, So just it's, it's what people can relate to. It's what got almost everyone around you started in what we're doing. Yes sir. That's how artists are made.


Trauma and life creates art. So go ahead, tell us about this terrible situation there. Alright, so just between me and y'all man, it was a while back. It was a long time ago, now that I think about it. Back in Memphis, Tennessee, I met, met this girl, lovely girl, Christian girl and thought we'd be together forever. We, we moved out here seeking better opportunities and whatnot and it was good. Covid hit, we made it through but then I guess real shit happens. 'cause You know that all you had to do was work out. You know what I'm saying? It was affecting fat people more than the rest of us. So it wasn't as deadly as they say. I love fat people. I love to grab the fat.


There's nothing wrong with that. But anyway, so we moved out here, You know what I'm saying? Trying to work with animals. That's what we heard Texas was about. But all y'all had a horse and a dog, You know what I'm saying? It's not that at all. Y'all disappointed me. So then man, we was just going through a lot of shit no more than I think a lot of horse shit, You know what I'm saying? But we wiped our feet and we kept on going, You know what I'm saying? We held our nose. All right. You get it off in the, in the mud. You walked through it long enough, you tread. But yeah, so seeking jobs with animals, we found that. But I guess we didn't find the piece that we were looking for and it was too much. It was too much for her.


So I don't know what that sound was, but I'm sure it worked. So it became too much and she went her her own way. I didn't have a say so in what happened. I begged, I pleaded, baby, what you doing? What's going on? When you coming back to me? Turn them headlights around. She was like, fuck that. No, no, you mean nothing bro. So that's what it was. So laugh to keep from crying man. I was just like, I was in a bad place. You know a person promised you like, I'm gonna be with you forever. And then forever you find out it's on the like 365 days. Like god damn to, to make a long story short.


What? Okay, okay, Okay. Alright. So she left. I was in my head a lot. It was just me and the dogs. I trained dogs. I love my animals. How many dogs do you have? I own seven dogs. Seven dogs. Oh My goodness. With four different women. It was one woman and since, I'm sorry Tony, I'm sorry. No, you're good. It was one woman and since she put out so many, that thing is loose. Sorry for the next dude.


Hell yeah. You got her. There's your revenge. Those headlights definitely ain't turning around now. Incredible. She never gave you a reason on why she went back to Memphis and left you here in Austin with seven dogs, Man. So the fucked up part, she didn't go back to Memphis. She, so she has family here. I have no family here. Okay. And so that's why I said I'm stuck here alone. Like she had a safety net, she had somewhere to go to. So I'm like God brought me here for a reason bro. This is nothing but opportunity. This is wild that this has happened. Yeah, so it's like since I moved here, like my favorite like pop culture YouTubers, they're in Texas. Yeah. I got the meet up with them, KILL TONY, a homie of mine, a YouTube homie put me on to the show.


I knew about You guys but I didn't know about the show for some reason. And two months ago he showed me and I was like, bro, I fucking love this shit. So I binged it, I'm watching nonstop and I was like, oh you were in Austin. I was like, bro, that's a fucking hour away. I live in San Antonio. I don't know if I said that. And I was like, bro, I can get here, I can do it. And bro, here We are. Here we are. It's crazy. Thank you God. Thank you Lord. Yeah, That's true. Thank you. No doubt about it. We are your dogs now. And You know what, my friend, all dogs go to heaven. So do you do dog fighting is what really happens. Am I correct? This is what I've heard about your people.


That that's what we, that's what some of us do. John. Is John asleep? Oh My God, you were asleep. A fun fact, sometimes Jon Deas falls asleep and that's why he wears sunglasses. He smokes so much weed and he raises multiple children. He was asleep. You were dead asleep just then Dark. Oh My goodness. I have two musicians with their eyes closed.


Yeah, but I'm still awake. That's right. You're still awake. Dee, that was, thank you very much. That was implied. Alright, Just make Sure. Okay. Alright. Thank you DD come out. Okay. Thank you D Alright. Famous homophobe. D Madness is here. I love your style Abom. I mean you seem so well spoken and And I like a Bacon that was actual racism folks. That was racist. Of all the things I've done this year, that was actually racist.


That might have been my most racist moment. Is Abom your real name? I'm kidding. Okay, it's Sean. Yeah, It's Tyrone Tyle Berry. We went to TDY Tyle, the Tommy Tickles to Tyrone Tinder Bear those. That was, we had a bunch of TT comedians before you I saw. Okay, you did? Yeah. You were back there. Yes sir. All right. Okay. So Abo what else about your life? Well do you work with those dogs for a living?


Is that how you make money? Yeah, so we started a business, the pariah pack. Okay. That's my business. I had shouted out 'cause you asked, it's relevant. It's all Good. Yeah. So that was me and her business and I guess it just, it just became a lot that added to like the mental stress. Right. So What exactly is the business? What is pariah pack? I train dogs. I was boarding dogs, so now I'm just doing mostly training. So that's really good. I just work with the animals, trying to better the relationship between the human and the animal. I Love that. Okay. And this is all based outta San Antonio? Yes sir. Okay. Do people Yelp review your business at all? How do you spell pariah pack Par?


T-H-E-P-A-R-I-A-H-P-A-C-K. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Slow down, eh, what o you got me there. So what is it, how do you spell it? The THE Pariah. P-A-R-I-A-H. Yep. Pack. PACK. Okay. Redban typed it in all one word there. The pariah pack. The pariah pack. Okay. No, there are no Yelp reviews. Which is good for you. We've been reading Yelp reviews of people's businesses today. No, there's Some reviews on Google and like if you see a Facebook, Okay, okay, this guy's asking for it.


Let's see what happens here. Let's see what happens here. There are a few, there are nine Google reviews. Go up there. Go up. There we go. Yep. We are so happy with the service. First time boarding here and I recommend the guy that runs the place I think stole my wallet. Oh wait a second. No, I'm kidding. I made that one up. I made that one up. That was my, that was me. No, these are all good. It's all five stars all the way. Absolutely incredible Sir. What else? What else are you into when you're not working with the dogs?


The dogs, Man. People always say this, but hiking. Wow. Jujitsu. Wow. Rock climbing. Incredible. You are a white man. What else do you want in life? Abom. What else Do I want? Well, I'm a traditional artist so I draw stuff like cartoons, illustration. Where can people find your work? Abomination. Aj. So that's what Abom is. It's short for abomination aj And that's like my YouTube like internet presence.


Okay, perfect. Find him at abomination. Aj, here's a big joke book. I like your style. There he goes. Abo. Alright, we didn't have a woman up tonight. So your final bucket. Pull of the night. I pulled until I found a woman. And Ladies and gentlemen, here we go. Your final bucket pull of the night goes by the name of Jenny Rodriguez. Put your hands together one more time for Jenny Rodriguez. If you have a miscarriage when you're married, does that make it a Mrs. Carriage?


I'm gay. How gay are you? You guys wanna do that? We'll do that. I'm gay. I'm gay. How are you? I am so gay that I love cocking my ass. I am gay. I am a bisexual woman. I celebrate my bisexuality the best way that I know how. That's of course by having a boyfriend. I love my boyfriend, but he hates me the other night, the other night we were having sex and I was getting pretty hot.


So I was like, fuck me like a whore. And then he just kept fucking me the same exact way. Thank you. I'm in Jenny Rodriguez. Jenny Rodriguez. Welcome. Welcome. Is this your first time on the show? Second time. Second time. Heck yeah. Welcome back. You look different. A little different. My hair was split dye, now it's this. Okay. Who did something crazy happen last time you were on right? My boyfriend got picked first and then I got picked second. It was all bucket draw. So Were you like a lot funnier than him or something? I was a lot funnier than a lot. Yeah. I'll, I'll say that. Yeah, Absolutely.


How bad was this guy? Jesus? No. Holy Shit. He's the funniest guy that I know. Aw, How sweet. Absolutely adorable. Okay Jenny. So how's life going? Good. What's been going on? So actually he's not my boyfriend, he's now my fiance. Whoa. Congratulations. Another Latino wedding. That's Right. So yeah, we just got engaged. I got a promotion, I got a new car. Where'd you get a promotion at? I work at Costco. Thank you. Wow. Costco.


Incredible. What do you do at Costco? I'm A tire installer. You're a what? I'm a tire installer. Oh My goodness. The Puerto Ricans behind you just look wild. Absolutely incredible. Hey, I fucking love tires man. And I don't like to do it myself though. The fucking hero. And I fucking love Costco. And you bring the boom. Okay. You're a tire installer. Yes. Wow. Normally your people remove tires and steal them from people and you are putting them back on doing a reverse Latino trickery. Hey look, Kenny Rogers is here. Everybody the real life.


Kenny Rod. I just noticed this. Now in peace, sir. Amazing. Redban loves your chicken. Okay. Amazing. So you've been installing tires, so you, were you a tire installer Before? I was a tire installer before. Now I'm like a supervisor when they need me to be. Okay. Working at Costco's. Good benefits and everything. I get paid decently. Benefits are good. I get vacation tomorrow. I get some, oh wait, no Christmas I get paid. That's cool. Time and a half. Shout out to Christmas. Shout out. Oh yeah. To Chris Kringle himself. Okay.


And did you notice anything changed with your relationship when you got engaged? Did the sex stay the same? Sex is still there. We're still doing it. Still There? Yeah. Very telling answer. I'm like, we, we had sex a couple days ago. That was cool A couple days ago. For a Latino that is three years of space. For those of you keeping track, it's like dog years. They're supposed to fuck almost hourly. So a couple days ago, I mean, I suck his dick like every couple days. I feel like that makes up For that. You know what, you just got another promotion. Congratulations. Alright, Jenny, we're gonna keep it moving along.


You already have a joke book, right? Yes, I do. There she goes. Jenny Rodriguez. And we've come to that part of the show. Ladies and gentlemen, I got news for you. I got news for you. Hold on one second before you start that. Unfortunately due to it indeed being the holiday season, cam Patterson and William Montgomery have the night off. However, Okay, Ladies and gentlemen, here to close. Tonight's show is the only man that I feel like is even capable of such an unbelievable mission. A man that God himself has called comedian of the year 2024.


A man. So amazing that I personally have talked to the incoming administration of the government of the United States of America. And I have indeed confirmed that this man will be a citizen of the United States of America. I present to you an anomaly unknown to human civilization before he existed. A man who is the most famous person from where he comes from.


A man who is unbelievably hilarious on stage, off stage, and everywhere in between. This is indeed the Estonian assassin Army man. Hey black guys, if you don't want me to say the N word, can you stop making it the best part of the fucking song?


Call it Fucking Freddy in Paris. Fuck. I mean, to be, to be fair, I can feel the N word coming back. I think, I think we're like five years out. Hold on brother. We're gonna have to, we're gonna get that some fun again. I mean, cancel culture's over, You know, everything's coming back. Remember when we couldn't say and retard re retard went away for like a week, huh?


After that, we were like, fuck it. And also, let's be honest, the retard don't get upset. If he gets upset, give him a banana. He is fucking happy, happy, happy. The gay guy gets upset. Give him a banana too. He'll fucking. But then again, if you call a black guy the N word and then try to give him a banana, things will escalate.


Thank you very much. Oh My God. Yeah. And that Is a KILL TONY, regular. Thank you Here for the holidays. No rest for the wicked. The great and powerful Ari Matti. Yeah. Everyone's dead in my family, so, and You know you can, you are my family now to name. I Love it. I love, And by the way, You know you can't smoke ashes. It's a thing from earlier.


Oh, A thing from earlier. Sorry. I was at the gym, Louis. Sorry. I was at the gym. Louis, What kind of workout is that exactly? What is that? What do you think about this? This is what I do at the gym workouts. This guy just, just preps for fucking, it's incredible. Just puts one of those rubber bands around you and just does pelvic thrusts at the gym. Very intimidating to the other people. Yeah. JOE LIST got so fucking weirded out when I was still doing this fucking, no, I got hard. I'm, I had to, it's hot Ari, what's going on?


Everything good An unfucking. Unbelievable set. Literally, literally perhaps 20, 30, 40, 50 times funnier than anything we've seen all night. I mean, literally. Really? By a mitch. Off by a measurable statistic. Wow. I don't even think it's really, people weren't that terrible. It's just your, that was so powerful. Oh, thanks. I appreciate That's very nice of You. The banana shit is unbelievable. Unbelievable. So fantastic. Thank you. And it's, You know, it's amazing. I I, we hang out a lot and this fucking guy, I mean his head is in his joke book all the time. Yeah. Taking notes, readjusting things, moving things around.


Even when we're hanging, when we're smoking blunts and drinking whiskey late at night and laughing about shit. He'll grab his fucking joke book and write something down and it's just nonstop and it fucking shows. Yeah. Thank you. I love it. It's so much fun. So many people get complacent when having a, having a big career boom like you and it seems like you're doubling down and working harder all the time. Oh, thank you. That's very nice of you. Are You guys, oh, you're Gonna call us gay because it's two men complimenting each other and that's gay in New York. I just figured we should all leave. You guys obviously wanna fuck each other. Oh, that was crazy. We all all just watched that happen. Hey Louis, cool, cool hat. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


He just wants toddy Tyndall to be able to find him later so he could play with his snake. Yeah, it is a crazy hot Lewis. I gotta tell you, this Is Ari Matti writes jokes all day. Lewis swears his sharpie marker on his fucking head. You you got me, dude. My hat. Hat isn't cool. It is incredible. What made you pick that Hat? I don't know. Is this the color? Yeah. Yeah. It's problem with my hat Tony. No, I don't Know. I'm just, You know, as a gay man, like you were implying with me and Ari talking to each other, I figured I would judge your fashion a little bit since I'm so Gay.


Ari Unfucking, unbelievable set. Thank you so much. Thank you. Absolutely incredible. He's done it again. Thank you. Fucking superstar. Merry Christmas. Make some fucking noise for Ari Matti. Make some goddamn noise for my guest. We do believe indeed, we need to double confirm it, but we do indeed believe Louis Shea Gomez is indeed the new record holder for all time appearances. As a guest on this show, A brother from another mother Lewis of sks.com, he is on tour, a fantastic standup comedian.


Check out him and JOE LIST and Bobby Kelly and Dan Soder on their hit podcast. The regs, REGZ Joe List. How about another hand for JOE LIST? He's on tour comedian Joe List dot com. No doubt about it. A fun episode I enjoyed myself, brought to you by Blue Tube, blue Nile Prize picks One more time for the best stand band in the land. Matt mulling, Jon Deas D Madness, big Mike Carlos Sojo Vergos, Dick Castillo, groove line Horns. Let's see what Chris Rogers drew up tonight.


Okay, is that me as the Grinch? Yep. And that's Redban is Santa Claus. That's me. Okay. All right. That's a skinny, that's the healthiest I've ever seen Redban look, and that's the nicest I've ever looked. Ryan Jay Ebell with a great drawing of Lewis j Gomez and JOE LIST. That's in Brian Redban. Check out the Secret show every Thursday at the sunset strip atx.com. Love you. We love You guys. Yeah. By the time this episode comes out, you should know where the next big road gig is. It is absolutely massive.


Literally, I do believe bigger than the venue in New York City that we did two shows at. You're going to be very excited when you find out where it is. Again, tickets should be on sale right now. It'll pop up on the screen as I'm saying it. It's Indiana guys. Yeah, we're going to Indiana everybody. Anyway, did You guys have fun tonight? We love you. Thank you. Goodnight everybody. Thank you.