
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony. Tony. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, This Is Brandon. Come to you Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up, Tony Hit, Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Everybody?


How about one more time for the best stand band in the land, everyone they've been playing for you here in the live music capital of the world. That is Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos Sosa, big Mike, Michael Gonzalez. Unbelievable. Big Mike is with us. Look at him. Just bigger than ever, there's media. Matt Mulling on the electric guitar Generous Jon Deas on The Keys. Everyone knows how generous he is known for his generosity. And how loud can, I mean it's the real deal.


What can I say? It is indeed D Madness on the bass guitar. Oh yeah. We're gonna have a lot of fun tonight. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible. The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Make your next move with American Express Business Platinum. You'll get five times membership rewards points on fights and prepaid hotels booked on Amex travel.com. Plus enjoy access to the American Express Global Lounge Collection. And with the welcome offer of 150,000 points, your business can soar to all new Heights. Terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash business Platinum. Amex Business Platinum, built for business by American Express.


The FL playoffs are better with FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 in bonus bets. If you win your first $5 bet FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in President Select States. First online Real Money Wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan doel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment. Sitting in crowded waiting rooms standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


Are You guys ready to start tonight's fucking episode? Wow. Every once in a while, You know, sometimes it's booked a month out, sometimes this, sometimes that sometimes I find guests that day. This one has been on my calendar for a while and it has been a dream guest of mine since episode one. And you are here for his debut as a panelist on KILL TONY. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, especially us starting at the Comedy Store. This is Comedy Store royalty.


He is undisputedly one of the greatest comedians of all time. He is the first comedian to ever, ever sell out in Arena. Indeed. This is the first panelist appearance ever by the undisputed heavyweight King of Comedy. This is ANDREW DICE CLAY. Make some, Oh My God, the real deal.


The man, the Myth. This is ANDREW DICE CLAY on KILL TONY. That's for You. Guys would get really loud at that point. This is a test, a very exciting moment for me because Tony's been asking me since day one and You know, can I tell him what I used to think the show was? Yeah, I used to think that he was doing this show about murder, You know, like you see on TV with the, You know, I'm not into that. I would tell him I'm into standup and he goes, no, it's just the name of the show Dice.


So yeah, I figured it out Now 11, 11 or 12 years later, you found out that it wasn't about murdering people. I was never, no, lemme tell you something, Tony. One thing. There were no two dice fans anywhere in the world, anywhere that would ever argue going, oh, what college you think Dice went to? Just never gonna happen. Well, you do know about standup and that's why We are here. Over 230 human beings signed up for a chance to get on this show. They have no idea who the guest is or is gonna be. So when they turn around after doing a minute, they're going to be looking down the barrel of ANDREW DICE CLAY.


Now you don't know what that's like to have to look at you after doing a set, but let me tell you, now this person's inside. That's interesting. So our first bucket pool will come from the inside. We're gonna watch people do 62nd sets. You know, their time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear. Are You guys ready to start the first Ever KILL TONY with ANDREW DICE CLAY? We're gonna start it with a bang. I present to you a new minute from one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show to kick things off tonight, Ladies and gentlemen, how many of you are a big fan of the show? Well then you'll be happy to know kicking things off a brand New Minute from the one and only.


This is Cam Patterson everyone. All right, so listen, so usually on the show I come out and I talk about places I don't like. That's what I do. People understand that people think it's funny. But when I talk about where people are from, some people don't enjoy that. And I'm gonna tell you, my worst place that I hate the most in the All of America is Rochester, New York. Right? That place can get blown to Smither Marines. Fuck that place. And three weeks ago on Kone, I said, fuck Rochester, New York.


And I got an Instagram story that I was tagged in. I'm gonna read to you. And this is what it said. He said, he said, suck a dick. You pussy, fuck wherever you from. I smoke your dad's in your face. I'm gonna translate that for white people now because a lot of y'all look confused. He just said, man, suck a penis. Fuck your hometown and I'm gonna get a cigarette low. Unravel it, put weed in and smoke it as if it was your dead homeboy. That's what he said to me. And so I responded, I ain't hard to find. And then I sent my tour dates after that And then he said, no, fuck you.


I ain't paying to see you. You talking shit about my city. And they saying, unless you get me in for free and stop talking shit about Rochester and I'm gonna tell you something, I'm gonna tell you something about me. Man. I, I used to be a thug, I was a street nigga. I was outside. I started don't stand up kind without changed my life. I don't do that shit no more. I'm a good pro. I change the leaf in my life. I don't do that shit no more. So I told him, I said, listen brother, next time I'm somewhere by you, they send me your first and last name and I'll get you in the show for free. No problem. And he said, you do that for me? I said, yeah. He said, man, I'm a big fan of what you do man. I just don't like that you were talking shit about my city.


'cause I love my city. I said, I understand that bro. I get it because I love my city too. And I hate somebody talks about my city. I'm sorry. Well, he doesn't know that when he comes to the show we going to beat the shit outta him. I been camping that capsule Boom like that there, it's, I love it. Amazing. Fantastic. We gonna fuck that nigga up, man. We gonna fuck him up. It was, I seen all like, what kind of bullshit is this man? Yeah, but I get it. You don't like talking shit about he a pussy or fuck that nigga. Yeah. And look, look, lemme look in the camera when I say this too. Fuck Rochester, New York nigga.


It is absolutely true. I fully endorse Cam's statements about anywhere in upstate New York. Yeah, that place. Terrible. It is incredible for anyone to stay there after being born and raised there. You should have run for your lives. Instead, you probably settled down with the first person that said that they like you too. And then you accidentally came inside of them and now you're stuck there forever in eternal hell while the, literally the rest of America laughs at you right now. It might seem like I'm crawling through your internet screen and talking directly to you. And that's because I am everyone in upstate New York. Evacuate, evacuate.


You'll thank me later. There's, There you go. We got Fuck Rod chapter for garbage plates. Fuck all 200. And I looked it up 207. I can't do numbers. Wait, what do you mean by I looked it up but the numbers are hard for me. It's hard for me to get 200,000. It was 200,473. Fuck off 207. You know the fuck I'm trying to say. Fuck all hell to Rochester, New York. I have no idea what any of that was. I don't know if I endorsed that. I might, I was, I was trying to say numbers, but I It's hard when they get, when they get past, when they get to six of them bitches, nigga numbers is hard. You said garbage plates for a second. I said fuck Garbage plates. That's they food. And then I was trying to say name the population, Just making sure you're not getting me in any trouble here.


I don't know of any garbage places. I've never heard of such a thing and I would never reference any people. No. As garbage. However, if you're still watching from Chile, upstate New York, just know that I was talking to you for that moment. Dice, what do you think about upstate New York? Well, It's not even about upstate New York. Can I say something about him? Yeah, yeah. I did have a little talk with him. New Year's Eve. Yeah. And and I wanna say to to all you people, people watching that I really feel, 'cause I've been watching him and he's only doing it what, three years you told me. Yes sir. And this guy has more stage presence and knowing how to work the audience and how to perform and create new material every week than I've seen out of a lot of comics doing it for 15 years.


So I really, I I just really think that, You know, in a very short time from now, I know you're doing shows and theaters, but it's just gonna get bigger and bigger for him. That's what I believe. Completely. For real. I'm not even kidding. Thanks. It's amazing. Like He just understands performance. What's That? No, like, You know yourself, like a lot of comics will just come and they'll stand and just do that. You walk out of, let's say at the comedy store in two minutes. He works the room, he works the stage. He's a true, true performer. That's It is amazing. Natural, very natural since day one.


It was always like that. Making me want to cry and shit. Man. I appreciate that man. Hell yeah. I'm a dog. I don't cry. But that's made me, I, I'm happy. Thank you. Thank you. I thank you. I appreciate that. The only guy crying at the end of this set should be the guy from Rochester that message you Now. The funniest. I sent it to my homeboy. I sent to my dog, my dog li my brother. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. We be outside and shit. How did you have the dog ready that quick? He don't even, we big dogs around here nigga. But I sent him a dog limb. Right. I sent it To, it sounded like a little dog. I It sounded like a chihuahua. Yeah. What was that? There you go. Yeah. Oh that's so, ah, hell. Alright. Yeah. Real, real.


So What fuck was that? Wow. Alright. But I sent him my homeboy limb. I sent him a picture. I sent his Instagram and shit and then he, he, it was a picture of him and his girlfriend on his Instagram. And my dog just said shit like, she tired of you little bro. What's her cash app? I had that bitch in Florida by Saturday. Why would you send the poor innocent guy that DMD you something you sent that his profile off to your gang? Fuck That nigga. Yeah man. She said he was gonna smoke my dead friends in my face. Fuck that nigga man. He said he was gonna smoke your dead friends. That's what he said. That what? That's what the end of the end of the thing was. I'm gonna smoke in your face. What?


What does that mean? That he's gonna turn them into ashes and then sprinkle the ashes And blunt into a Blunt. Yeah. And he would smoke them in front of you. Yes. And like blow the smoke in your face. Yes. So fuck him, You know, fuck his bitch. Yeah. Fuck. Fuck his mama. Fuck. Fuck his grandma. Yeah. Fuck his auntie. Yeah. Fuck who we believe in as a Lord. Even if it's, if it's God don't do that. But fuck that nigga though. I agree. Amazing Camp Patterson Way to get tonight started and it has begun with a great powerful set from Camp Patterson and now it begins. And our first bucket pool is from the inside.


This could be any one of you that signed up Ladies and gentlemen. Ooh, the lovely Heidi has arrived. Your first comedian goes by the name of Misty B Everybody Misty B There. It's indeed coming from the middle. It has begun. Her table is very exciting about this very much prices. Right Energy coming from the middle table. She's one of you from the inside. Make some noise for her.


I do believe this is the KILL TONY debut of Miss Debe. Everyone Miss Debe. Hello. Hello. Okay, so I can't Get up here and not recognize what today is. It's January 6th for you. It's happy insurrection day for the rest of Texas. It's happy resurrection day. Tony, I always knew that you and I had something a little bit in common whenever I was watching your, your Madison Square garden and you said that Puerto Rico was garbage.


I was like, I knew he knew my ex-husband and then I watched your comedy special and you talked about the fags and cunts and I'm like Oh My God, that confirms it. He definitely knows my ex-husband and his mother. So that's all I got. That's All I got. Okay. Yeah. There you go. Alright, Misty B everybody the KILL TONY. Debut of Misty b Misty.


How long you been doing standup comedy? This is my first time ever. Okay. There you go. Yeah. Welcome. Welcome. What made you wanna sign up today? Well I am actually needing a kidney transplant and I'm waiting on a list and it's really long so I'm checking stuff off my bucket list. So you're here to try to you're, does anyone have a kidney that they would like to give away? We have the best fan base. What's your blood type? It looks like it's pretty thick. It's, It's gravy. It's gravy. Very good. I was gonna guess a icy red band. You love icy. This is your future here. I'm Just here 'cause I need a kidney trans. You got a little RFK Junior in your voice too.


You got that little shaky boys. I need, I need a kidney transplant. I need some al piss. What Were your symptoms For my kidney disease? Yeah. Yeah. Red band's on the lookout here Had Some kidney shit today so I kind of freaked. What do you mean you had kidney shit today? I Got like, I get my blood tested. Oh God, God. Tell us more. Yes. Oh My God. Your Kidney's a little weird but it's range of like, it's probably fine. Hold on a second Misty. Hold on. We're going full pause here. We've never had it come up where someone has an ailment and you're like, well I am kind of going through some, I'm going through some kidney shit today.


Like what? What are the odds that you're going through? This is clearly a sign from God. So weird. It's So weird. We, we both look like vitamin D deficient and Yes, for sure. What are your symptoms? You are Pale. Well if you go pee and it looks like a draft beer, that's protein and that's a big sign if You have it. So you have a lot of bubbles in your pee? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. That's amazing. That's a fetish for some people. I Have a lot of like, I get tired easy. Of course, of course. I mean especially where I'm at right Now, I can tell. Yeah, red band definitely has kidney problems.


He is Exhausted All the time so it is incredible. Anything else? What were your, let let me ask you this, let me ask you this for red band, 'cause he is being a little shy right now. Okay. I would love it if you two end up in hospital beds next to each other. We craziest episode of KILL TONY Ever. We gave each other our own shitty kidneys. Right. That'd be great if You guys transplanted to each other. We could Do dialysis together. Amazing. Okay, so tell us what have you been eating and drinking your life that you Everything. Yeah, but seriously what are your like real guilty pleasures that you think got you this way? Like me, sometimes right before bed I get a little craving.


You know what I have I, I've been a naughty boy. I go for the chocolate covered pretzels sometimes right before bed. Those are, and I think to myself, this is so wrong. I shouldn't be doing this, but I'm a perfect specimen. Now, if I was you, it would be different. I'd imagine, I would really know like, fuck, I should not be drinking lemonade like this right before bed. Like so what is it exactly? So I actually have a disease that's called FSGS. So it's scarring. It's FSGS. Yes. It's scarring of the g Erie of my K kidneys, which basically my kidneys let out the things that should stay in my blood and keep in the bad things in my body and it builds up in my body and that's what makes me sick and tired.


You're Gonna die. Yeah. I've seen this before. Bucket list And energize clay Dice. What do you think about her performance? I just think she has a lot of guts to walk out here. She literally does have a lot of guts. I'm looking at 'em right now With everything you're going through, You know, with, with all, all the sickness and all, You know, I get sick a lot and I did, I had some stuff taken out, You know, through the years. What's the thing you don't need Testicle?


The gallbladder. The Gallbladder. See she's like a, a dog. She's medical. You had the gallbladder taken out. Yeah. Okay. I came to cash. I got no problems with your gallbladder, You know what I mean? Yeah. But yeah, to, to have the guts to come out here and just, I I saw you were nervous. I get it. I was nervous coming out. I've never done KILL TONY. But you did a great job. Thank you. You should be Proud of yourself. Thank you. I appreciate that. Lemme Ask you this, Misty. Yes. You're on the hunt for a kidney. Yes. How much longer do you have? How long? Give us a timeline. How long will you be able to live if there was no kidney given to you?


Well The list right now is six and a half years long. Oh is right. So six and a half years. Yeah. And what are we talking about? What, how, what type of bubbles are you at? How filled up is the toilet after you Pee? Oh, it's bad. It's bad. Huh? It's bad. Oh My goodness. Can you imagine red band's thinking I'm a bubble bath right now. This pig over here is like I'll give you some kidney money. Come over pissing my Chest. But you look healthy.


I mean you said you were in good condition so I am, I am. I need both of my kidneys though, just in case. I have a lot of fun out there on these streets. And who knows, I might blow on one day. Do you have DFBS or whatever it is? What's it called again? FSGS. FSGS. No, I Don't even know what that is. It's called Focal Segmental Gliosis Sclerosis. Wow. Oh Probably have that. Yeah, I probably, yeah. So real quick before we get back to the show, I gotta know what exactly did the doctor say about your blood results in your kidney? So I Get like the full panel every couple months and stuff course. And they just said, oh it's a little high, but that's within like that's probably fine. It's just Normal.


Normal flex. You c your creatine. I, yeah, I have a little higher. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, in real time you're getting the diagnosis. You remember the episode where red band found out he had a couple months to live. This is what's great about podcasting. There's nothing prepared anything can happen. That's Right. S connect, huh? Yeah, it is. It's All right. Well Misty Estrogen I guess also I have a lot of that. So Six and a half years. So, so what you have a blood type or something?


What do we, what do we, what are you in the market? How can we help? So I am a positive. A positive. I just need somebody willing to donate a kidney and preferably in the Houston area. Houston Area. There is, I'm from Houston. Yep. And you can either call or go on the website. It'd be hilarious if she was from Rochester after all this. We're just like, if there's a good person out in Rochester willing to give a kidney, it's me, the evil guy from earlier. I didn't mean what I said. Please be a good person. What is that like? I would just pour for him and bring my own kidney. What was your question? D Houston's like your neighborhood.


Well, I mean Like if they're in Dallas or San Antonio, like you're not interested in the ca I don't get that. I Mean, I mean the girl has FNTS Isn't that what it, what's it called? F-F-S-G-S. What's that? FSGS. Oh that's the, I'm thinking FNTS Friday Night Watch session. It's a whole different thing. Yeah. Oh No, but they just need to go online to the Houston Methodist website. Hell yeah. Or call and my name's Misty Boudreaux and they can just sign up and start getting evaluated So you can all this.


So you're telling me that right now there is actually a way that if they request that they will only wanna give their kidney to one person? Yes. That they can actually give, I think we're gonna save this lady's life. This is, This is bad for the show. There's gonna be a bunch of people with like eyes falling out and shit coming like, eh, I, I didn't really ever care about standup. I need a fucking, I'm fucking dying here. Please God. I know I'm not funny at all, but please fuck my asshole. I don dunno. Do you have a like a reward for it? I'll, I'll ship it. 40 bucks. Oh, There you go.


Yeah. Red band just wants bubbly piss picks. Alright, well There you go. Misty Boudreaux in Houston. A positive. Yeah, I have the feeling 99% of our fan base doesn't even know what blood type they are, so It doesn't matter. So they do paired donations. So if somebody wants to donate in my name, they would find another donor. Oh, they would Trade with an A positive and They do a paired donation. Oh My God. Well I'll tell you this, whoever in Houston, whoever in Houston donates their kidney will put you on a guest list for a KILL TONY show.


How about that? And here you go. Here's a big joke book for Misty. You, There you go. She caught it like it was FSGS. Everybody. There you go. Misty Boudreaux. There you go. Her first time on a comedy stage and most likely her last, everybody, she's not gonna be with us much longer. My goodness.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. It can be challenging to find a mute a therapist that is the right fit, but Talkspace makes it easy from personalized treatment to meeting online from anywhere to the ability to text your therapist at any time. Talkspace is so accessible. Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider makes getting the help you need. Easy, accessible, and affordable red band. I Love Talkspace. Tony. There's, they're, they're providing some very important mental health services. Do You know Talkspace therapy and Psych Psychiatry are covered by many insurance plans and employers. In fact, most insured members have a zero copay. Wow. You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider who will fit your needs. Well typically within 48 hours you can always switch providers at no extra cost. Talkspace makes getting help convenient because you can make your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it out between sessions by sending text, video, or audio messages to your therapist. As a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code space eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code space eight zero to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show. That's Talkspace dot com slash tony promo code space eight zero.


Hey there. This podcast is sponsored by Shopify. Guys, there's never been a better time to start a business than right now. It's 2025. Let's do this. Now's the time I started KILL TONY. And look how that turned out for me. Best decision I ever made. I love being my own boss and more importantly, I love being red band's boss and being your own boss has never been easier with Shopify red band. Yeah, Tony, the best time to start your new business is right now. Shopify makes it simple to create your brand open for business and get your first sale. That's right. Get your store up and running easily with thousands of customizable templates. No coding or design skills required. All you need to do is drag and drop their powerful social media tools. Let you connect all your channels and create shoppable posts and help you sell everywhere. People scroll. Shopify makes it easy to manage your growing business. They help with the details like shipping, taxes and payments from one single dashboard allowing you to focus on the important stuff like growing your business. What happens if you don't act now? Will you regret it? What if someone beats you to the idea? Don't kick yourself when you hear this again in a year because you didn't do anything. Now with Shopify, your first sale is closer than you think. Established in 2025 has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Sign up for your $1 per month trial@shopify.com slash KILL TONY, all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ KILL TONY to start selling with Shopify today. That's shopify.com/ KILL. TONY,


your next bucket pool in an unheard of unprecedented maneuver is also on the inside. Just by pure luck, your next comedian goes by the name of Carl Kerz. Everyone 230 Cold Souls at a bar across the street wondering why the hell this show hasn't started yet. As both bucket pools are from the inside verse. Carl, we got movement. Okay, here he comes. I'm gonna prepo the next name. Oh, this is taking forever. Shout out to our, okay, the next one's inside too.


That's crazy. Is this like their seat number? Can you wrangle them so that it doesn't take as long? It's not? Oh, okay. All right Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise. Another insider. Make some noise for Carl Kerz. Everybody. Here we go. Carl Kerz. What's up guys? I have a kidney, but it also has Hep C. So I got picked on a lot in middle school and I got made fun of a lot.


I don't know if you could tell by looking at me. I tried to cover up most of my shame with tattoos. This big fucking crow tattooed on my head. You don't get a crow like this tattooed on your head unless you've been called a one too many times. Boy, getting this crow out my head. I'm like, who's a getting now Bryson? Not, not me. Anyways, I started doing drugs and inevitably I went to prison and I didn't want to go to prison. Poor. So I took a couple things up my ass with me took 30 methadone, two ounces of weed, half a can of bugler rolling tobacco, a can, can of bugler. And when I got there I was a popular kid.


All of a sudden I wasn't getting picked on anymore. I guess that's all my time. Was there more? Did you wanna do more? Go ahead. Yeah, I'm good. Oh that was it. Yeah. Alright. You were just naming stuff that you shoved up your ass. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I thought you were getting like a punchline or Something. There's more, but it, yeah. Okay. Well if you wanna do the rest, do the rest. It's Long. How long? I don't know. 15 seconds. Well go do the 15 seconds. Jesus. We spent 15 seconds telling you to do the fucking 15 seconds. Yeah. So the worst part about shoving all those drugs up my ass was all the times I went to court and didn't go to prison like fucking. Yeah. Yeah. It's very important that you do that part.


That's called the punchline, right? All of that was set up. You're just naming things. You shoved up your ass. I had a feeling there was something more there. Welcome, welcome. Nervous, fun stuff you did very good. Thank you. Good job Carl. You rolled right off of the ladies' kidney. Right into it. How long you been with standup? First time. Really? Wow. How old are you? 44. 44? Yeah. What have you been doing for with your life up until this point? 44. Oh, methamphetamines? Yeah. Dice. What do you think about this guy? He's been working the asshole thing out. Yeah, I mean that's a lot of stuff to get your asshole, Do You know what I mean?


Yeah. My, yeah, it's a lot. Yeah. It's Like you should pay a toll to go into that. Yeah, yeah. Well I just shove shit in there until there was no more room. That's yeah, That's a lot stuff. Yeah. You grind up the weed and pack it down and kind of make like I don't have to Know the Yeah, Yeah. Well I mean, you're definitely exaggerating, right? No, no, No, no, no, No. Seriously. 100%. You're being dead serious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Three ounces of Wheat. No, no. Two ounces of weed and a half a can of bugler rolling tobacco like the big can. Oh My God. Two ounces now you grind it up in, in a coffee grinder and you pack it in a pill bottle tight. And then you put it in a condom and, and about a half ounce is about the size of an egg.


And you make anal beads with condoms and boop boop, Boop boop. How many? Oh My God, Dude. So the day I got sentenced I shot up like 30 fucking 300 milligrams of morphine and I ate a ate of mushrooms and I shoved all that shit up my ass. My mom was knocking on the door and she's like, you're gonna miss your ing gets all that shit up your ass. Your mom was encouraging you to shove shit up your ass. She, She said, hurry up, get all that shit up here. Well, she wasn't gonna stop me. It's unbelievable. No one's gonna walk in and stop me. So Why would his mom know about what's Going on? That's a great, that's a great question. Why did your mom know? Did you tell her? I don't know. I don't even remember my sentencing. I was fucked up.


But you do remember your mom saying, oh, I remember that part that after that shit up your ass, you gotta go. Yeah, that was right after I ate the mushrooms. But by the time I got to the courthouse I was fucking fry balls. I mean, so The painkillers, I understand because you're about to shove so much shit up your ass, the mushrooms, that was just what? To make it all fun or so something. I I have some laughs I took all the drugs. A Few. Aren't you afraid that the mushroom giggling was gonna make the stuff fall outta your ass anyway? I actually never thought of that. Yeah. I'm gonna up your, I'm gonna shove stuff up your ass. Genius. So if you ever have any more questions, if anyone wants to write in to my magazine. Alright. Shoub shit up your ass monthly. Yes. That is our official sound effect. Alright.


Sorry dice. What we No, no. So you have, I'm only in prison. Oh, only like 18 months. And what was it for? Residential burglary. What? Residential burglary. Okay. So tell us about this robbery. Was this like home alone style? You broke through a window and then you're walking over a bed of nails just ah, like anything fun happen during the, here we go, gimme some good residential robbery music. Here we go. Nice and easy on the drums. So I used to just walk around in the middle of the day and I would knock on doors and if no one answered I'd rob 'em. And if they did answer, I'd be like, Hey, is Steve here? And so, so I'm wa I watched this house for like two weeks.


Right? And, and I fucking finally decided to rob it. And it was different than it'd normally been. There was a, a blanket up in the window that wasn't normally there. So I went around the back and I went to open up the back window and I got a 3 57 Magnum put in my face. Hell yeah. And, and I said, is Steve here? And yeah, he Said, He said, Steve, don't fucking live here, bro. And I was like, are you sure? 'cause he said if he wasn't home, just come through the back window. And he's like, I'm going to fucking kill you. So I left. So you just left? Yeah, I just walked Away. So that was a time where you got close. How about the one that you got in trouble for?


Wasn't too interesting. I, I didn't really get that much. What did You get to steal from the place? I, a bunch of fucking like the, like that turco, that turquoise bullshit fucking sterling silver jewelry. It like the best thing to add. Oh. It's like the worst robbery ever. And it's someone I got busted for, You know? Yeah. What, why always Steve? I don't know man. Steve was my friend's name growing up and I just, that was the first name that came to my mind. You Never even thought to maybe go Paul here? No. You just stuck with Steve got stuck with Steve. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The old, Yeah, That got me.


Yeah. I don't know. I'm sober now. So did they give you a, a name? Were you like known for your robberies or whatever? Were you like the Steve Bandit or something? No, that's Called, no, that's called me a piece of shit. Right. What's the greatest home robbery you ever got away with? What's, what's the biggest take? I got an AK 47. Wow. And look at That. Got an AK 47 and I got a a You ever get an FSGS? Nope. Not yet. AK 47. What else? Just fucking couple pistols and a bunch of jewelry. Fuck yeah. I fucking robbed a house on a skateboard. What?


God damn. I robbed a house on a skateboard. I remember at night. You know what I wanna, Did you ever think about just carjacking somebody at that point? Oh, we used to do that too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How Many car, how many cars do you think you've carjacked? I stole about three to six cars a night for like, I love the week ago. This is a show where I pull out of a bucket. One second a guy's going, I used to steal three to six cars a night. Yeah. The next bucket blows. I need a kid, I'm gonna fucking die if I don't get a kidney. Then there's this piece of shit. Yeah. Fucking one time I stole a couple's baby right outta the fucking cradle with an AK 47.


Nah, I don't Like babies. It's just he should steal his kidney. That would make sense. Yeah. No shit. We'll do a heist, Some kidney karma, kidney Heist. Yeah. I love it. Wow. So what do you do for work now? I own a construction company. Oh. Why do you laugh when you say that? That's just is vet your Steve 'cause Of all the shit I just fucking said, Hey, I'm a construction. I own a construction. Let me come in and measure your door frames. Let me help you out. No man, I, I've Gone, you have an extra key I could borrow so that I could come and do some work while you're on vacation. You can trust me. Look at the fucking crow on my head. I was baw when I was a kid. You have any idea how many times you have to be called a fucking have to put the old growth dude.


If, if being called a, it means you have to have a crow on your head. I'd have a whole fucking bird's neck stuff here. I'm 11 years sober now, so 11 years sober. I love it. How did you, how did you get sober? What was your secret? Oh fuck man. I, I, All right. There's our drunk blind bass player. Everybody just smiling, having a good old fucking time. He's been through two episodes today. This fucking guy's smiling ear to ear, just whiskey to the brim. That's fucking, I I did a lot of heroin.


Did a lot of meth. Ended up homeless, living in a fucking creek bed. Someone Wait, what's a creek bed? Exactly. In literally in living In Creek. Oh, Jesus Christ. Wait, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, well I've never heard of this. What design is a creek bed? Is that an Ikea? What kind of model is that? I've never heard of a creek bed. Is it like a watered Yeah, yeah. Like an actual fucking creek. Like a bed Royal. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jesus Christ Almighty. Dude. Someone sold my dog. How do we even end up somewhere so uncomfortable? Like it's like anywhere. I mean, find a dirt bed before a creek bed. At least stay dry. You're just like, I'm fucking freezing out. It's so hard. The so that is the worst. That truly is bottom. That's below bottom. You're literally seed level, Right?


Well, someone stole my shoes off my feet while I was sleeping. They stole my top ramen and my toilet paper. Oh My God. God. And you kept the top ramen and the toilet paper in the creek with you? No, I had a Duffle bag. I just stole a duffle bag. You had a duffle bag. Wow. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. I mean, wow. At least if they, you, it's such an interesting collection. My shoes, my top ramen and my toilet paper. They left you with almost nothing. I, I can't believe they took your to toilet paper. I had, I had a, a strike on my record. I had priors. I did a, like a, I basically fucking threw a brick through a window and, and looted a store.


And because of all my buyers What Store? O'Reilly's. Wow. Okay. Welcome to another episode of White Looters, Ladies and gentlemen. It's a very rare show. No one's heard of it or pitched it before. It's a show called White Looters where instead of your normal shoe stores or clothing stores, like the normal looting types, like dilute, it's called white looters. And we, I'm suspecting I got eight wrenches. Dude. Fuck yeah. You got 2 22 $1,800 generators. Oh, I got So many generators then I'm a fucking, I'm my own energy source now. I'm gonna start my own fucking construction company.


Dude. White looting. This is incredible. I've never heard of such a thing. But usually our senior looting correspondent is Jon Deas back here. Big source. Wow. So I, I fucking was getting about eight, eight years in prison. They were gonna gimme 'cause of all the priors and shit like that. Yeah. A parole officer came in my jail cell and said, you wanna try rehab again? And I said, yeah, why not? I literally fucking didn't think I was gonna, You know, I was going to prison. I was like, fuck it. Rehab has peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I'll go to rehab. Yeah. Because I was literally living in a fucking creek bed with no Top Ramen.


So. Right. So I went to rehab, I got sober. How Would you cook the Top Ramen if you were homeless? Bro, you just fucking, you Just wet it. You Just eat it, dude. Water. You could put Creek water in it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh God. That's gutter water. Oh My God. Creek water Ramen. Wow. That's, I mean, this hasn't even been thought of before. I fucking know dude. Holy shit. What's the worst? See we're finding that this is a common thing for you, like Yeah. Creek water. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So let me ask you this. What is the worst thing you've eaten and all your prison and all your rehab and all your homeless and all your drug induced time? You're 11 years sober now.


Sober by a miracle. By a miracle. You're here performing. What's the worst thing you ever ate? Oh fuck. Probably shit. Wait, how did you eat? Shit. You had to eat it so that you could shove more drugs up your ass. What happened here exactly? Smoke. Shit. Wait, did you? No. After you get all that weed outta your ass, it always smells like dodoo. Oh Wow. The worst. You realize million people are gonna see this Ain't gonna, ain't gonna remember this shit in two weeks. I don't really give a fuck. I talk about this shit in AA meetings. So AA isn't millions.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I have to see them again, You know what I mean? Interest don't to see any of you again. So I like your perspective. I think you're a fucking funny guy. Anything else crazy we should know about you? Even though this interview's gone on forever. When I got outta prison and I got sober, I got a gym membership and I ended up taking a shower with a judge that sent me to prison. He had a gym membership as the same, at the same gym as me. Oh wow. And so I walk into the fucking shower butt fucking naked and there's Judge Curl. Hey Judge Curl. You said hi to him? Yeah. Do you think he remembered you? He looked terrified, so yeah. Yeah, I bet he fucking did. Yeah. Yeah.


I just got out. I was fucking, I was probably about 20 pounds heavier muscle. Holy, You know? Holy shit. Holy shit. So before I let you go, what's next for your, He just said the judge's name to Million Understand. He is, he is out here just giving it all away. No care man. I love it. But yet He never mentioned if he got back together with Steve. When's the last time you saw Steve? Funny thing, when I got sober, they told me that I could make like my higher power for sobriety, whatever I wanted to.


So I just named it Steve. Wow. Because I'm like, Steve stopped me from getting my fucking head shot off. Right. So, wow. When's the last time you talked to Steve? This morning. Wow. You talked to him every day? Yeah. Yeah. Does he know that you were gonna sign up for the show? Probably. Well you told him you were signing up for the show. Yeah. So it wouldn't be a probably it would be, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That he knew that you signed up for the show. What's Steve's last name? No, you don't say that. No, no, no, no. So you just did standup here. What are your goals? What's your hope with all this? Is this a one time? Like what do you Bro, I don't have anything like this where I'm from. So where are you from again?


Red California. Ah, yes. I don't know if You know where it is. Meth country? Yes. Meth country. Yes. North of Modesto. It's south, right in between Sacramento and Oregon. Yes. So it's a half of the point. Oh. Oh yeah. So it's two and a half hours north of s Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Look it up on a map. People. That's frightening. It's the Rochester of California. It's, we got Fetti. I'm telling you man, Carl, you really have a, you really have a, a knack at this going right up straight into a kidney thing and the good everything at the end and throughout your delivery and everything for, You know, for your fucking life. It's incredible.


Yeah. Congratulations. Here's a big joke book. There goes, Carl, We're gonna do something fun before this next inside bucket pool, which is Dante. So Dante, if you want to come up and get behind the stage, you can do that now. It'll save us some time. Congrats to Dante. He's gonna be next. But before that I'm gonna, we're gonna do something special real quick. A very, very special treat. Ladies and gentlemen. A few weeks ago, I and my friends did the Roast of Jelly roll, the 40th surprise birthday roast of Jelly roll.


And it was just a surprise for Jelly Roll for his birthday. It wasn't recorded or anything like that. It's not going anywhere. And one person in particular in particular really roasted the fuck out of me. And she is one of my longest friends in comedy since I started almost 18 years ago. Ladies and gentlemen here, just to share the roast jokes from the roast of jelly roll that were on me, I present to you one of my favorite comedians, one of the best. She just fucking lit New Year's Eve on fire on CNN. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for the one and only Whitney Cummings.


Hi everyone. I love you. Tony. Can I just start by saying, I love you very much, you're my brother. But here's the thing. I did wanna start talking about the Trump rally thing. 'cause it's like I don't wanna keep bringing it up like that needs to go away. It's just that it was so crazy to me that like the Trump rally, like that was just so not set up for comedy at all. The fact that you were just like, went out there, like it wasn't set up for comedy at all. Like you walked up there at the Trump rally, half the audience was like, oh, an abortion victim is speaking. We get to hear from a baby who was terminated at nine months.


But I will say, to be clear, Tony Hinchcliffe is not racist. Okay? He just looks racist. Tony looks like the kind of guy who says the full N word when he's singing along to Broadway show tunes. Tony, you were at what was considered the most disastrous Trump rally and there was one where he got shot in the head. I two people died in Pennsylvania. Yours was the most upsetting, at least. At least when two people got shot in the head, at least we didn't have to hear Jennifer Lopez give a speech about it. Like that was, and then the next day, do you remember Donald Trump pretended not to know who you were.


This is a man who publicly admitted to being friends with Jeffrey Epstein. This is a man who wished Ghislaine Maxwell. Well, when she went to prison on tv, he pretended not to know you suck Trump's dick. And then he pretended not to know you. Now You know what it's like to be a Miss USA contestant. So, And this was not the first time something like this happened. A little while back, Tony got in trouble for saying the C word. That's right. Some cunt got mad that he said Shank. You know, Tony was actually, he came here like, You know, during the pandemic, You know, I love his like new look being in Texas, like being a more western guy.


I didn't know they sold cowboy boots at Build a Bear. Tony, I love you so much. What an honor to be on KILL TONY. What a trip. Thank you Whitney. Fucking Cummings. What a cool drop here roasting my Ass. Make some fucking noise for the great Whitney comings. Everybody. What a cool fucking cameo. Huh? We having fun Here tonight night.


Hey y'all, this podcast is sponsored by Prize Picks. Prize Picks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings prize picks has made daily fantasy sports accessible at all. You just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. Run your game all season long on prize picks. Red band Tony, I love prize picks this week on prize picks. I'm looking at the football board and selecting Travis Kel. Kelsey. Yeah, that's the same for more than 70 receiving yards. And Lamar Jackson for more than 250 passing yards. Hey, Red Band knows what he's talking about. Prize picks is the best way to get the action. Get in on the action in sports in more than 30 states, including California, Texas, Georgia, and Florida. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed prize Pick is the best way to win real money this football season. Which players are going off, which ones aren't? Download the app today and use Code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, Download the app today and use code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize picks. Run your game.


Still getting around to that fix on your car. You got this on eBay. You'll find millions of parts guaranteed to fit. Doesn't matter if it's a major engine repair or your first time swapping your windshield wipers. eBay has that part you need. Ready to click perfectly into place for changes. Big and small, loud or quiet. Find all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time, but you already know that eBay things people love eligible items only exclusion supply.


Alright, back to the bucket we go. I, like I said, three insides in a row. The odds of that are absolutely insane. It's never happened before. Again. There's literally hundreds of people, comedians in a bar across the street and somehow the inside is that lucky. Make some noise for Dante. Everybody. Dante from the inside. Hello Austin, how you doing? I'm here with my, my new fiance. She just got us tickets and we, we got to fly out here to come see the show. She's pretty new to my family.


She just got to meet all of us this Thanksgiving. For the first time I come from a big family, four brothers and a sister. She was very nervous meeting the family. So as we're all standing around doing the Turkey and passing everything, we call it a dressing. She said, what's the difference between dressing and stuffing? I said, well I'm not gonna be dressing my dick in your ass after this. Just kidding, she's gonna kill me for that. She did like me because she said I was a fun guy, like a mushroom. I met her in a bar. We were sitting there. She had told me that he's still laughing.


I just got it. She told me that we, we were sitting in a bar and she bought me a drink and she said, why are you sitting in here alone? And I said, well I just got, I just broke up with my ex. She said I was too kinky for her. And she said, well that's funny because I just broke up with my ex too. He said that I was too kinky. And so one thing led to another, I said, let's go back to your place and let's get kinky. So we go back to her house, we're hanging out. She says, let me go into the bath. Alright, just keep going now. 'cause we're already appreciate it. Almost there. Is this another street joke or is this like a real joke that you made up? It was a real joke. Okay, keep going. So she goes in the bathroom and she gets all dressed up.


She comes out Cat of nine tails, stilettos, nipple clamps looking hot as fuck. And I'm standing at the door ready to leave and she's like, what are you doing? I thought we were gonna get kinky. And I said, well I already fucked your poodle and shit in your purse. Ah, you're like a street jokes guy. You've heard these jokes before. I've, I've never done this. This is, that was, Well I know, but you signed up and you just did jokes that you've, like I've been told by funny friends before, what's the difference between dressing and stuffing? What Tom, I won't be dressing my Right. You didn't write these right? No, I didn't write. Right, Exactly. That's what people are doing here.


Well, the Thanksgiving one I wrote, I guess I didn't write anything. I just kinda memorized it and I gotcha. You know what it is? Yeah. Hit me with a dice. This is perhaps He's trying to look good. Yeah. In front of the fiance, right? Oh yeah. Well this isn't gonna look good in front of her. No, but you don't, Yeah, she's, she's gonna be upset With me. You know. Hey, I, we all agree. Even Michael can, she's The ring back. Maybe that's what the aim was. I don't know. I'm just, here It is true. Dice is correct. This is backfiring.


Even Michael Gonzalez, one of the nicest guys in the world, yelled. That's right. When Dice said, you don't do that. So do you think that she really loves you or do you think that you, this may have entirely backfired? No, she loves me. Okay. How long have you two been together? About five years now. Five years. How long have you been engaged? Four months. Four Months. And this, when's this wedding planned? When's it gonna take place? Do You know? We're probably gonna, we haven't, we haven't picked a date yet. No. My daughter's getting married and so we're kinda letting her do her thing first. Gotta pay for that and deal with that. And then, we'll, we will do our afterwards. Is this your, is this your, this is your second marriage? Yeah. Yep. Both. Yeah.


Is this her first marriage? The fiance Second also. This is the funny shit. This is the funny shit. Both of your second marriages. Yeah. Yeah. With baggage are the fucking kids the whole fucking thing. Get the fuck outta Did she sign up as well? Did your fiance sign up? No. No she didn't. No. You guys came here? Just the two of you? Just the two of us, yep. And where'd you come from again? We came from Orlando. Orlando, okay. Is that where you that's where you live? Yeah. What Do you do for, actually, we just saw you in Orlando, like Yeah, three months ago.


What do You do for work in Orlando? I build pools for a living. Okay. That seems like you'd be pretty busy out there. We are, yeah. We're busy. What part of the trip did you decide that you were gonna sign up for the show? Were you driving here? No, she walked by when we were in line standing out there in the Nicole and said, does anybody wanna sign up? I said that, wait, you decided then I wasn't going to until she walked by because Well, I mean, of course she's gonna walk by people that were around. You were there to sign up, right? Well, I, I, I had read on the website that you had to go across the street to poor choices and sign up, and we didn't, we didn't make it over there. We were kind of, we got here about 7 45. So what do you We were standing outside.


I'm Kind of confused. Did, was there a special signup thing that happened? Someone walking by? Yeah, the, You guys heard this as as well? Walked the street. All right. And someone yelled, does anyone wanna sign up? And so, just a bunch of dumb asses. Were like, well, yeah, they need comedians. No, We'll sign up. Just me. I was, I think I was, you were the only one. Maybe. I don't know. I don didn't. Who's a long line, actually. Well, No. Yeah. Well, that's a common thing. No, it's a common thing that we would have to do because they have to get the signups from the people that do want to sign up that are coming in from the ins, from the audience. So yeah, it makes perfect sense. But the part that doesn't make sense, this is the first time I do believe in the show's history in which I ever heard that someone decided Right then. Just because someone was taking like, You know what the show is, and then here you are doing fucking, You know, like jokes.


Hey, I figured, fuck it. We came here. I'm gonna do it. You know? How do you feel? How do you feel now? Now, that's cool. People with courage, these are the people that would go fucking bungee jumping and forget to connect the chord. Like, they're all just like, woo adventure. Yeah, go for em. Fuck it. I'll chase your dreams. But look at, look at 'em now. Look at 'em Now, You know. Hey, I'm with dice on this one. I think you may have just fucked up the rest of your life. Yeah. How old are you? Actually? Just turned 49. Wow. More kids. You think there's gonna be more kids? No. No more? No. How do You know that? 'cause I can't have kids. How Old is she?


33. How'd You guys meet? There Might be some more kids. How did you meet? Were you back there putting in a pool or something? No, we actually, we actually met at a bar she was bartending at at Twin Peaks in Orlando. And Oh, I, I saw her when she walked in and I Said, Hey, he's clapping extra hard. She fucking roots for Team Gold Digger over here. Look at this one. I said, I need to get your number. And I did a big win for fucking tits. Wow. She does have nice tits. Well, I, Where is She?


Is she right here? No, she's somewhere back at There. All right. Are they out? Are the tits out tonight? Keno. Give us some house lighting here. Let's see what's going on. Oh wow. Okay. All wow. All right. Okay. Wow. My pool just went above ground. Look at that. It's incredible. What do you think about frothy Pee? Fucking disgusting. Unbelievable. Turn the lights back off. Okay, Dante. I spent way, way, way too much time with you. Here's a little joke book.


There he goes. Suicidal Dante. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your next comedian. This was an actual comedian from across the street. Make some noise for him. He knew he was signing up for the show before he got here. Ladies and gentlemen, this is 60 seconds uninterrupted for Mike Jones. Mike Jones. When a man gets pregnant, does a baby come out of his asshole? Could you imagine being the delivery doctor? I mean, dude's gonna shit a baby. You're like, push.


Oh God, that was fucking disgusting. The dads are horrified. Sue you for hate speech. You piece of shit. You gotta feel bad for gays that want kids though. First you gotta come in his nick hole. Sounds hard, right Tony? But I have a solution. It's a double-ended fleshlight. Now gays can stare each other in the eyes, You know, fuck with a little decency. Or you could just pull the plug from the middle right as you both come. Then it's like a little gay fountain.


So basically you can be as gay as you want with it. Tony. Very cool. Thank you. I guess I'm the gay one after somehow. All that gay shit that you thought of and wrote and memorized, you fucking freak. Yes. Good one. Mike. This is the hardest I've been roasted. The whole episode was your gay fantasies. And you go, right Tony. It's like, how am I the fucking gay one? You're the gay one. You creep. You're hurting my feelings, man. How's it going bud? How are you? How long you been doing standup? This is my first time on What is going on tonight. This is just annoying at this point. It's a bunch of mentally ill people. Like, oh, you'll never believe this is my first time.


It is. I'm, they were not surprised. It wasn't any better than We've had three first times before you tonight. They were all better. That Hurts. I know. It's hard to believe. So, Mike, tell us what made you wanna start tonight? How old are you? What's That? How old are you? I'm 40. Yep. What made you wanna start tonight? So, yeah, so I made a a card game actually, And Oh God. Alright. Here's a little joke book. I'm gonna keep it moving along. Yeah, no, I don know. Yeah, I don't want want you to promote your stupid card game. Let's go. We're keeping it moving. It's okay. Put the mic back in the mic Stand.


There you go. Jesus. Fucking Christ. People used to come on this show to like try to make it so many now. Now it's fucking people. I got a new car game. I need a kidney. So many real comments. It's Not bear for you. He made the guy. Hold on, hold on. He made the guy before him look like an absolute fucking genius. Yeah, the guy would buy a ticket to see the guy before him. I mean, that was what, at 40 years old. Why in your right mind would you go, I'm gonna go out and talk about sucking cu out of another guy's dickhead.


Do you understand? I Agree. There's issues there. I Agree. Dante is bawling outta control in the middle of the room right now. He's sucking on his fiance's tits in celebration of how good Mike Jones just made him look. See, you never know what's bad till you just see something way fucking worse. Yeah, the j So true. It's so true. Well, hopefully this gets better. We got another bucket pool, 60 seconds uninterrupted going to Candace. August. Everybody. Candace, August.


Hello Austin. How you doing? All right, let's get right into it. I realize I'm a hypocrite when it comes to my health a hypocrite because when the Covid vaccine came out, I was like, absolutely not. There hasn't been enough research. I refuse to compromise my health. Then when Ozempic came out, I was like, gimme that shit right now. Give it to right now. You can put it right here, doc. Put it right. You said 40 pounds in two months. Both sides put it on. Both lost a bit of weight, but no, not one single ounce came off my thighs. They didn't go anywhere.


Thank you so much. They're real big as you can see. And they rubbed together when I walk. So because of the friction, they're very dark in the middle. Super black right here. Don't look away. Tony. Very black. Super black in the middle. When I say black, y'all, these thighs could have marched with Dr. King, just black as shit. I was outside minding my ee thighs. Tried to bum a Newport for let her go. Let her. I said, Oh My God, I wanna hear more about the black thighs. Let Her go.


I'm sorry. That was the time limit. Do you have more black thighs stuff? Keep Going. I do. Go. Go for it. Get absolutely. My last one is, this is my closer. It says, I was outside minding my ee thighs. Tried to bum a Newport from a nigga. This is A breath of fresh air hand. It's August has arrived to the KILL TONY Universe. I can't tell whether you're great or the rest of the show is sucked. That bad dice was just reminding us. We don't know what's bad until we just got word. Dante is Bad. Holy shit. Andrew Dice. Hi. I'm sorry I didn't look over. Hi. It's okay. It's hell Yeah. Look at that.


That Oh My God. Yeah. I didn't mean to interrupt you. Sorry Tony. Go right ahead. No, It's great. You killed. How long have you been doing standup? 11 years. 11 Years. 11 years. All of it in Atlanta? Or how long have you, Houston or Atlanta? Which one is it? Here, come on. Yes. One more. One more. Black city. Somebody said it. Really? It's New Orleans, DC Oh yeah, DC makes sense. So I, I started in DC and then I moved to New Jersey. So I did New Jersey, New York. And then I most recently just came from the Tampa comedy scene.


I love it. And now you live here Now? I lived just moved here like a month ago. That's fantastic. This is exactly where you belong. You are in the right place at the right time. I love it. And you were a bigger girl before. Really? How much weight did You lose? Yeah, I've lost like about 68 pounds. Wow. Hell yeah. Red band. Come on. What's going on over there? Red band sir? It's red band over here. Oh My goodness. I I expected it. I expected it is. Yeah. His inner thighs are also black from all the melted chocolate.


When, when he falls asleep at night, Easty falls asleep with milk duds on his lap. This fucking Guy. I love it. Candace. So how about for a job? How long have you been answering customer service calls? I actually do, do phone sales. God damn it. Can you tell by my voice? Absolutely. Yeah. I Love it. You do. You have a lovely, lovely voice. Thank you. Thank you so much. Is It really true that your inner thighs are blacker than the rest? Yeah. They're very darker in the middle from the friction. Yeah. They're darker. That happens for so much. Is that a thing? Oh yeah.


Red band with the assist. Thank you Sir. Absolutely. Our senior big thigh correspondent, Brian Redban. Absolutely incredible. Candace, I love your energy. Did you move here alone? You have a, you got a man. My hu I have a husband. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How long have you two been together? We just got married. Two three. Two three. So February 3rd, 2023. Okay. Yeah. That's amazing. Two three. Two Three. Easy to remember. I like it. What does he do? He also does, he works at a debt consolidation company. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Normally they're the ones doing the calling for debt consolidation. It's interesting that there's a someone with experience on the other end of the line.


That's so fun. And how about your phone call thing? What's that? I also work at a debt consolidation company. Okay. We, we work at two different, but we both work at debt settlement and consolidation. Consolidation companies. That's amazing. Yeah. What are the odds that you both did? You guys? Oh, You guys met at work. We Did not meet there. We did not meet there. We met on Plenty of Fish. Wow. Yeah. Years and years ago. Oh My goodness. I don't recommend it. Plenty of fish is the ghetto of dating sites. Don't do it. Yeah. Why is that? Don't explain that to us so that we understand. Why is plenty of fish? I don I Don't know. It just was, had the most horrible trash selection. He was like the only person on there who was, who is great. And I happen to have him. And that's it.


So there's no one left. There's no one left on there. That's Great. What was that first date like? What'd You guys do? What Did You guys We went out for like, just cocktails. We just had like a drink after work. Okay. He drank a really, like his, his order was impressive. It was like this really tough. So say Watermelon martini. No, come on, wait here. What are you groan in for? We're having fun here. You, You are assuming that my husband is black, sir. And he is not. Oh. Oh yeah. So he was a peanut Ada.


He is also not Latino. Guess again. Oh My goodness. He got an old fashioned, He's not white. Do you wanna keep guessing or shall I tell? Oh My God, he got a hot Socket. I would consolidate your debt. Consider your debt consolidate. You Want nothing no more? I'll put you out of your misery. My husband is Indian. Oh My God. How did I not know? With everyone working at a fucking call center.


Wow. You should have known. Oh My goodness. So what was the order? What exactly does an Indian order? Mud water. No, You can't get canceled by the Indians. They don't listen to the show. They don't care about it. We're friends with Asod. We're good. He, it was just a very, very top shelf Scotch he drinks. Yeah. And it just, I'm from New Orleans, so like a drink. Thank you. Oh, Okay. Hell Yeah. So there's a drinking culture there and just, he just impressed me. 'cause he had a very mature order. Yeah. You know, like not ordering sex on the beach, like some fucking teenager. Right.


Like, it was very, That is very mature. Especially for an Indian. Did he perhaps like, pour it all over his hands and stuff? And like, try to flip it around, mix it with bread and then like, Indians are wild out there. We don't even know what kind of Indian she's talking about. You know? Are we, are we Thank you. Are we talking teepee? Are we talking seven 11? I'm a singer. I would like a top shelf liquor.


You guys Just want to offend. Everyone is Welcome. They're not gonna join us. Join us. Not gonna stop until you offend every fucking body. Join us. We will roast them until they look like your inner thighs. Whoever they may be. White people aren't safe. They're the worst of 'em all. It's an excellent question, sir. I, in my set, I say, You know, if you need a little bit of clarification, he is not tax free Casino Indian. He is cab driving seven 11 Indians. So you hit that right on the nose. You hit that right on the nose. Amazing. Amazing. But she kicked ass tonight.


Yeah, it was great. Thank you. It Was unbelievable. It was un And and truthful about your, You know, the, the ozempic thing? Yeah. Yep. My husband, I Mean me. I like 'em thick and beefy. Well, All right. You know what I mean? Thicker than you. I'm talking two feet deep from belly to back with, with a triple chin on the back of a head. Ow. Oh My God. This might be the best day of my life. Oh My God. It Really is. And I gotta tell you, we needed you. Every bucket pole has stunk up the stage so much that you would think it was your husband's wife beater in the hamper Lot in common with Them.


Like butter chicken. Like, wait, what? Shut up. What does that even mean? What did you just say? I don't even know. Red band may have actually just been racist just then, what is butter chipping chicken? That is an Indian dish. Butter chicken. Oh, butter chicken. It is an Indian dish that, that, that's actually, that was a good one. Red band butter chicken. I thought you said butter trip tripping. I'm like, oh, Jesus. I don't even know what that means. Wow. That's amazing. I cannot, I don't think I've ever seen an Indian man with a black woman before. He must have like, whoa. How do you think he ended up with that kind of confidence?


Normally it takes this very specific kind of swagger to get a reel. Especially a fucking DC Tampa fucking, like, I know what's going on over there, but how does a because he is little Indian or normal Indian guys are normally pretty little, right? Are you taller than him? No, he's six one. Whoa. Jesus. Twice. Maybe Six foot even six one. Yeah. He's Tall. Oh My goodness gracious. Wow. That is incredible. I never even seen one like that. Look, if you think of being in the seven 11, you're never looking at a tall guy, which is the reason I steal.


I'm not afraid. Exactly. It's incredible. But where do you think he gets that confident? Even with height? I still think that it takes a certain type of guy. I've still never seen a tall Indian guy with a powerful black woman either. He's just, I don't know. He's just an amazing person. I, I just kind of a quiet confidence. Not very braggadocious, just kind and generous. Just a great, great person. I love him more than I've ever loved anything in my life. Unbelievable. Candace, August. I hope you sign up more. I hope we get to see more of you. Red band. I would love to have you on the secret show.


Candace August is booked for the secret show. There it is. Big joke book. What an appearance. What a debut. That is how it's supposed to go. Make some noise for Candace. August, everyone. Oh, thank you. What a moment.


Hey there, Ryan Reynolds here. It's a new year and You know what that means? No, not the diet resolutions. A way for us all to try and do a little bit better than we did last year. And my resolution, unlike Big Wireless, is to not be a raging and raise the price of wireless on you every chance I get. Give it a try. At Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. $45 Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Low or above 40 gigabytes on unlimited Mint Mobile dot com. For details,


Be honest, when's the last time you had a homemade meal? We get it between meetings, workout classes, and the kids after school sports. Who's got time to cook? That's where HelloFresh comes in. No matter how busy you get, HelloFresh has everything you need to get an easy home-cooked meal on the table with flavor packed recipes like Parmesan, herb crusted salmon. You'll be filling your kitchen with the cozy aromas of a homemade meal in no time. So go ahead, try HelloFresh. It's homemade made easy. Learn more at HelloFresh dot com.


Your next bucket poll. Yeah. Amazing. And Avoid the sexiness. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket poll goes by the name of tj. Everyone. Tj, here comes tj. Oh wow. You know who this looks like. Alright, let's start from scratch here. Let's, I'm gonna give you, I don't normally make a joke at the top of somebody's set. I couldn't help myself. It was just right there. Ladies and gentlemen. A fresh start. Make some noise for tj. Everyone. Austin, thank You guys so much. You guys are, y'all are real friendly.


Like, I had someone just the other day come up to me, he's like, excuse me. Has someone ever told you you look like Kobe Bryant? Or like, nah, I, I, I usually get ine from Street Fighter yoga play. Yeah. But I'm not technically even black. Nah. Like, I'm more like Kamala Harris. Yeah. Like we pretend to be black, so fuck that bitch. Because today's Freedom Day, Justin Trudeau just resigned. And I'm fucking celebrating 51st State. Come here we come. But yeah, I just got back from Japan and people wanted to take pictures with me.


Honestly, I didn't know why because I wasn't even wearing this jersey. It's a children's large. Yeah. I got it for my 40th birthday four years ago. But yeah, honestly, I just want to thank Steven Retention for the last 18 months. 'cause I'm manifesting this fucking moment right now. Thank you for being even like, yeah. All right, tj, There you go. There's no co That was your part and now you are in it. You're in the interview part, tj. All, all Right. Wow. First of all, let me tell you, you are the biggest 7-year-old I've ever seen in my entire life.


You look like a giant child. How tall are you? Exactly, tj, I'm Six three. You're six feet? Six three. Six three. Okay. Yeah. You're nervous. You got a little, little slur there. Yeah. Wow. Dice. What do you think about this guy? He might be the Indian husband. That's what I'm, that's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. What ethnicity are you tj? I'm actually Sri Lankan. Oh Yeah. What are they known for? Tourism tour. Yeah. It's a beautiful country. It's way better than Well, Are you the head of tourism there? It's, it's great. I actually, Oh My God. I Do anyone have a glass of Water?


Okay. He's about to pass out. Does anyone have a glass of water? These, these hipsters are handing you their half filled drinks. No, don't do that. No, no, no. Don't do that. We will. We have, we have to have a water back here. We're gonna grab you a water. It's okay. My mouth is really dry. I know. It's okay. We're gonna get you a water. Look at the lovely Heidi. Everyone. It's going on. Look, Kobe Bryant ain't strong enough to open a bottle of water. This might be the Kobe. Kobe looked better than you after the helicopter crash, by the way. So tj, how long have you been doing standup? Just over a Year. I quit my corporate job. I've been doing this full time. I've been touring.


I went to Bangkok, open mics. I did a show in Tokyo just to open mics and dream. How Hard are you bombing in Tokyo? I can't even imagine. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Thanks. Went to Bangkok for this. I did. Living the dream. Wow. Wow. So proper Mentalities. Okay. Trying to be better every, each and every day. Okay. But do you practice every day? I'm trying. Well, I'm here. Well, yeah, you're here right now. I do this every Monday. I've never seen you before, right? Yeah, But made like, I just started a year ago. Okay. Yeah. Alright. But you're out at open mics practicing every night. Yeah.


Yeah. Every night. Yeah. In Austin. I just got here three nights ago. I literally just got to Austin. Okay. From where? From Canada. What part of Canada? Toronto. Okay. That's why you look like that. Yeah. How many times did you get vaccinated? Tell the truth. I don I did not. I'm repub, I'm a Republican from Canada. Like I, I don, I did not get vaccinated. This's the first time I've ever seen a Republican in a Lakers jersey. I don Dunno if I believe Any of this. What do, what do you think makes you a Republican? Just outta curiosity. I don't normally like to get political, but you look too skinny to be a Republican. But tell me more. That's coming from me. It's just more right wing. Like if you think about what's gone on in the world, like I feel like, All right, forget it.


I wish I wouldn't have asked that question and Well, yeah. What do you do for work? I was a banker and now I'm in sales. Okay. What are you selling? Reputation management. What does that mean exactly? We protect people's reputation online. Oh Yeah. Okay. That sounds interesting. Yeah, I think I got a lot of phone calls from You guys a couple months ago. Amazing. Okay. Yeah. So what do you do for fun? I play tennis. Do comedy, hiking. Yeah. What else? Yeah, Tell Us. There's no other dream you have Daniel, you play An instrument something.


Are you killing my dreams right now? No, I'm asking. No. He wants to know. No, 'cause I'm 44. I finally figured out this is what I like doing and I'm finally fucking, What do you think made it take 44 years? 43 Years. I didn't grow the balls. So with Steven Retention, like I actually finally grew the balls. Wouldn't you agree that your balls are the same size that they've been for over 20 years? That's maybe. Did your Sri Lankan parents have anything to do with you not wanting to chase your dreams? Possibly? I don't know. No. They were pretty supportive. They're supportive of me being here right now, so they're fucking awesome. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Well this is all good. Impersonations.


Great question. Wait, you're still going with this Kobe thing is ever is all, It's almost like he didn't hear he had an accident. You look more like the guy from Indiana Jones than the Mina Hummina, that guy. Yeah. Super topical reference from Brian Redban. 19. So is Kobe 88 classic. Yeah. Kobe and Indiana Jones are just as old as one another. Amazing. Two your shot. One more time. Let's see what a basketball shot from you looks like. 'cause it was so unbelievable what I think I saw a moment ago. I tried to pretend like I didn't see it, but I wanna see it again. I I technically don't play. I play tennis.


It's okay. Okay. Just put the microphone down for a second. Let's see what it would look like. You shooting a basketball into a hoop? No, wait, Wait, wait, wait. Step back. A little step back. Yeah. All right. Alright. Now go. No, that's, that's not how he did it. He had that foot in front. It's a, it's the right foot. I wanna see Kobe Bryant. Ladies and gentlemen, here he is. Wow. Wow. There's a certain smell that just went over the entire room from that. That is a Sri Laan salsa. If I've ever smelled one that is absolutely incredible. Drink less water. You're sweating too much.


No. Okay. Tj. But this was fun. Here's a, I like your style. And since, even though I would normally give you a small joke book, it looks good with your jersey. Here's a medium KT joke book. Tj. So bass. So Kobe what? Go Kobe. Yeah. Kobe would've caught it. Yeah. Could get some music Till like Music for what? Dance out. You're gonna dance out. Give them some music to dance out. You know what, I've never had anybody ask for that before. And I'm just in the giving mood. Give them some, can we get some Sri Lankan? Can we get some Sri Lankan dance music? Oh Jesus.


Wow. Okay. There he goes. Everyone. TJ dancing his way back to obscurity. He didn't even dance. He forgot the book. He didn't take the water. He forgot his joke book too. There actually is, and I mean this in the most non-racist way humanly possible, but there really is a scent up here on stage right now. It is quite incredible.


You smell that. You know, You know, You know what I saw? Hold On a second guys. Hold on. I saw like if he had like a little wig on, like he could remember when I said the part about doing impersonations? Yeah. Like picture this. I'm just gonna, you tell me what it's from. Red Band. Don't know. Yeah, just listen. I am Cain. What show? I you're right. Red band will know that this is from the seventies or eighties. Kung fu, right? Yeah. David Carradine. I am Kane. Oh yeah. I should have known that. That line. Just even references that references The whole picture.


Think those two together. He's got an act. I don't. Nice. I mean, I thought he stunk. I, I just gotta be honest, you told me like be nice. I don't know. Yeah. Todd. I'm trying Man. Yeah, it's really something. Alright, You guys having fun out there. Make some noise for your next bucket Pool. This is JP Lambe, JP Lamb, jp, everyone.


I wanted to learn more about my ancestry. So I did that 23. And me turns out that's just the number of Asians in Austin, Texas, 23. And Me. They're all at ut. I am not really into politics. My friend asked me what my political views are and I'm just, I don't know. He goes, well it's simple. Do you like Trump or do you like Obama? And I'm like, I don't think it's that black and white. I went to Mexico City, I learned about Mole. This lady was teaching it. She goes, there's Green Mole, there's Red Mole, there's Brown Mole. I'm like, I got a question.


She's like, yeah, is guac a mole? Thank you. JP P Lambe. Am I saying that correctly? Lamb La. Okay. Hell yeah. Now what is Lamb? What kind of last name is that for an Asian boy? It's a little interesting. It's actually French, but my dad's Italian. Amazing. Yeah, I was, I was bought, I was bought by Italians. I was adopted. You were bought by a what? Italians? I was like adopted.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. That makes sense. Italians are good people. Yep. Out there Saving Asian babies. You were bought from France? South Korea. South Korea. Just Wanted to make I still don't unders. Oh, I see. Do they, does your Italian family pronounce it? Lamb? I think originally it was Lambe, so Right. Ironically, you were correct. No. Yeah. No, I know. Yeah, that makes sense. I read names every week on this show. I just found it interesting. I've never seen an Asian with an Italian name. Yeah, it's, it's fun. What's JP short for? Ja.


Is that a slur? Did I just accidentally slur again? It's an accident. Oops. Oops. I slurred again. It's a J. You can't only do it if it's an Asian guy and it's jp. You're having fun, right? No, I mean that wasn't right. That wasn't Oh, Okay. Perfect, perfect, perfect. Absolutely amazing. Hell yeah. Asians love playing the victim for some reason. Little fun fact. It's very weird. They don't have to do that, but they do that one Good question. Jon Deas wants to know. He doesn't ask many questions, but I did just hear him ask, were you on sweat games? I out. I got out. I did.


I did it. I did. Okay. All right. So welcome. Welcome. Have you been on this show before? Yeah. Yeah. It was. Yeah, it was a train wreck. What happened then? I was, I was going through a lawsuit, so I couldn't really have the interview proper and I didn't even get to like, say hi to Brian, but I, There you go. There used to be a famous YouTuber, him and his girl. And then she fucked him and took everything. Well, no, she didn't fuck me. She fucked other, yeah, right. Oh, but she screwed you over business wise. Yeah, so she kinda locked me outta my YouTube channel and now she's just slandering me online and there's a lot of drama. Oh Boy.


But it's like, You know, I think it's like a cautionary tale. Don't do business with your fiance. Right. How Long were you with this girl? 10 years. Oh, Jesus. Wow. Good Lord. Yeah. What, what type of slandering is she doing? What is she saying bad about you? She said that I'm verbally abusive, which could be true, but she also said Rare for an Asian, but for someone raised by Italians. Makes perfect sense. Do you get mad like an Italian? Did your parents teach you that? When you, when you get mad, do you, are you Asian or are you Italian? You get A little, I'm actually pretty Italian. I was raised very Italian.


My dad's like a capish Manja like, but that's all he knows. So it's just like, all right dad. You know, like Zadel. I'm like, I'm not gonna say Zadel sticks at an Applebee's. You know what I mean? Good. Now I got you being racist back to me. So we're good about the Ja thing earlier. Just to let You know, You know, Italians, we're just all moot on El to one another. God so racist. I feel like a real victim right now. Well, thank you Red band. Okay, so, all right, well then maybe we shouldn't talk about your slandering suing ex-girlfriend then. Huh? I like to, it's fine, but, Well, what do you wanna say? I mean, what's interesting about all that?


Well, I mean, I guess she outed me as like a homosexual, so that's been kind of cool. I can relate to you on that, You know? Right, Sure. But does she have any actual, have you ever done anything homosexual? Like Yeah, I texted her. I'm gay. Oh, that'll do it. That's gayer than anything I've ever done. Yeah. So it looks like we can't really relate to each other at all. Yeah. Well, Did you text her that 'cause you're gay? No, she wouldn't gimme my apple, my phone back. And I said, well, if I keep asking that that's not working, so why don't I try and do a different approach. Oh, that's actually kind of smart. Yeah, and she, so you're just like, you're just, you're at that point, you're just like, please, You know, I don't have anybody else to go to.


Like, I'm gay. I'm, please help me. And then she sent me what I needed. I was just like, dude, it worked. Holy shit. And then shit. And she said, it makes so much sense now. See what I'm saying? That's actually a smart approach. If all else fails with a crazy chick, just go gay. That's amazing. It doesn't hurt. That is Some fucking Jedi level. It took an Asian, raised by Italians to figure that out, just to crack the code. And of course in their own inner anger and rationalization with themselves, they're like, oh, that makes sense. Of course you're gay. You right. Did you have to prove anything? Did you Photoshop any dicks in your mouth or anything like that?


No, I didn't have to prove anything. She bought it. She bought it. Amazing. And so did the internet. They're like, we knew she's Just a white, she's just a white girl. Just a white girl. Isn't that amazing? A white girl giving an Asian an apple phone for a change. Isn't that amazing? Just absolutely incredible little role reversal there. Amazing. So 10 years with her though. Did you have fun in bed? No. Okay. How about now? Have you been, have you been, now that you're finally, how long have you been single? For Like two years now. How About two years? Have you gotten some, some action? Yeah, that's what caused all the problems. I, I got like, she broke up with me.


I'm like, she's like, move on already. So I went on the dating app and I ended up meeting someone and she ended up tracking it and then like caused all this chaos. Oh boy. And like, I didn't think she was a jealous person. We were together 10 years, but she hadn't been on a tight leash for 10 years. Like we were to work together, live together. Right. Kind of slept together sometimes. Right. But when I finally moved on, she went like literally ape shit. She literally stormed like, like I cheated on her. She stormed into my apartment, ransacked all the camera gear. I was in my underwear. And I'm just like, you wouldn't walk when you walk into someone in the bathroom, you are like, oh, sorry, you're in the bathroom. You know, just walk in. I'm like, oh, I just need to grab some stuff.


You know what I mean? So I just, He's trying. He is got the dice daughter, kid on. Yeah, He does. He's got the gloves, You know what I mean? Andrew Rice. Clay over here. But you like girls. See? Do you watch The Godfather Christmas time? Yeah. Well, I mean, like you Remember the other two side? He brings the chick upstairs during the wedding. You like that scene? Yeah, Absolutely. I mean, that's one of the best Things. I mean, does it excite you when he is got that chick with her big pig tits nailed against the wall? Take that.


Absolutely. Do you like that? I like that. I like that. I like that. All right. What are you, my father? Do you do? I Fucking like that. What do I gotta prove To Brando? Let, let me see. You do Marlon Brando like the Asian. I Can't do, No, that's not it. That stinks. That's terrible. That's Just me like that. No. Oh, that's, you didn't even do this. Jesus. You didn't even do this part. I Don't do impersonations. I don see, Isn't that a little better when you do that? It's a little better. All right. He just look, he just looks like a homeless Asian woman to me. I don't understand the whole bundling. It is crazy.


I'm, I'm cold. You are? How cold can you be? I'm probably, what's the weatherman said? It's a little cold outside. He Lives in his car. It's not a blizzard. It, You look like an accountant for everyone had a barrel fire. Oh shit. Yep. Get it. Okay. Sorry dad. Alright. This is it. This is the, he is the Italian that adopted him. Wow. So jp, I mean you're, she's no longer bothering you, right? Everything's moved on No constant right now. Really? Yeah. But as we speak, Well, don't fucking don't bring your fucking trouble to us, dude.


Yeah. Fucking we like you. Whoever you are. Best of luck with everything. No, you're good. She wants to get on the show and tell her story. Oh boy. She wants to get on this show. Yeah. Oh My goodness. Yikes. She needs a minute first, but You gotta move on my friend. Wow. Does she do standup sometimes? I Wrote her a minute. What? I wrote her a minute. When was that? We did, when we were dating, we did co we did a comedy class together and she had to do the graduation night and, And that's a minute You guys had to do? No, she had five. Wow. They're pretty good Jokes. How many of the minutes did you write? This is so Asian doing the homework for the white person.


You wrote all five of the minutes. No, I've gotta give her some credit. I think she might have got like a couple, couple of jokes in there. All right. Alright. J's pretty funny. So Does she do standup comedy sometimes? No, not at all. She actually was terrified to do it. Did You guys start at the same time you took that comedy class before or what? No, my friend at Carmen Valone does a comedy class in Orlando. I don, you just dropped a name now. I don't like you. Oh, sorry man. People keep being shout outs out here. I know. I'm sorry. It doesn't matter. Anyway, but he has a comedy class and we just took the class. Yeah. Doesn't Matter. The answer was no. Oh, that that, well that's over. No, it's Okay. It seems like your whole identity is this girl and it seems like sure whole identity might be you.


Do you Think? I know red band's looking at me like he agrees and I don't know, red band follows like YouTube Chosen Shit. I don't know what's going on. Anyway. You think of me or your wife when I'm gonna stop both of you from talking for a second. Do you think there's a chance that You guys might still be deeply in love with one another? My ex? Yeah. The one that we've been talking about for 10 minutes straight. I didn't know who you're talking about. No, I know you and red band aren't deeply, I mean, 10 years together. Spent every day together. We Do look strangely like his girlfriend though. Now that I think Tony, we Janice her glasses.


Janice, is that you? I know she's been getting migraines lately. She might be a little swollen. She might have a inflamed head. Wow, that actually is a pretty good impression. Do it again. Oh right. Is Janice here? Can we get Janice, can we do a side by side? I'm sorry. You get excited too, too. I'm not trying to r up a dice here with my Asian accent. Alright, Well It's not even that Asian. I don't even believe you try Here, say hero if you're gonna do it. Go all the way with the shit. Hello? No, see, that's not, you never going nowhere with that.


Alright. Alright. It's not what the people are looking for. If you're gonna go Asian, you gotta go Asian. You could do a more Asian accent than that. Let's hear it. They can't say the letter out, Right? Yeah, that's a good way to know. He's trying to help you. Remember, you've taken a comedy class before. This is like a comedy class, except It's, it's exactly what I'm teaching him here. He's teaching you how to do an Asian accent. Okay? So come on, fucking give it to us. Summon the the people. And you Have Italian, You know, you come out to a crowd, you go, Hey, how you wait, how you doing? Everybody? My name? What's your name again? JP Shit name. Ah, that's, that's not an Asian name.


Okay. Tight like tiger. Jp. I know a jp. He's doing 20 to life. You understand? Ying, ying. Ying. All right. All. Hey what? Hi Ro. Hi Ro, I'm Ying. Hi Ro, I'm Ying. And then, hi Ro. I'm Ying and you are a fuck face. You know? Wow. Hey look, if I dish it, I could take it. Okay, good. That's right. Good job. Smart man. Yeah, That's right. No, No. You got the wrong. I look your glasses not not far, man. Oh man, I say smart man. Alright, Look Out jp. Shout out.


Shout. You Did very Well. You're making it very weird. I could see why your ex fucking sued you and took your shit. I don't, I don't do, I don't. Gets creepy after a while. I don't even do those kind of jokes. I know. I'm sorry. I even No, It's great. No, that was fantastic. I loved it. Remember when I would Stuff? Well, yeah. I I still do it. I'm very immature. You know, I don, I I would never Jp how did it feel doing an Asian accent? Do you feel like your ancestors that gave you away? Alright. Okay. Where, where's the music? Jp, you already have a joke book. No You don't. No. You didn't get one last time. I got like the, the little one.


The tic-tac thing. Yeah. Jp, I would love to have you on the secret show. Whoa. Fuck. Look at this. What an amazing twist. Here you go. Jp. There's a big one. Congratulations. There he goes. JP Lambay. Alright. Your final comedian of the night out of the bucket goes by the name. She's been on the show numerous times, especially back in the day when we first got to Austin. Since then, she worked her way up as a door person here at the mothership and gets regularly booked on shows all the time. One of Adam, the talent coordinator's favorite top young, rising comedians. One of our favorite top young rising comedians. Makes some noise for it. This is a brand New Minute from Christina Mariani.


Everybody. I love Asian men. I do. All my ex-boyfriends have been Asian, so technically I'm still a virgin. I learned that racism is passed down generationally, so it's internalized, which makes sense. I was walking home, it was late at night and this black guy walks towards me and instinctively I grab my purse even though logically I know he's not for sale.


He did steal my wallet though. Thank You guys. Exactly a minute. Unbelievable material from Christina Mariani. That is fantastic. That is a I know unbelievably great joke. How you doing? Are you, I'm sorry. Still as awkward as ever. Still just like the day you started over there. Never, never ends. How's it going, Christina, how are you? Good. I'm great. Thank you Tony. Fantastic. Remind everybody. It's been a while since we've been on the show, right? Yeah. It's But you used to be on when we were at Vulcan.


Yeah, when I was at Vulcan. Yeah. I got on a few times. Yeah. And things have been going good. How long have you been doing standup overall? Three years. Three years? Yeah. Okay. So you started back then. Yeah. You still don't know how a mic stand works. I like that. It's fantastic. No, you're doing great. The cords wrapped around there. You're stuck there. You got it. You got It. I got it. I love it. How do you feel right now? You just perform, you just crushed in front of the great ANDREW DICE CLAY. Feel great. It really was amazing. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. Not everybody was like that tonight. Yeah. Thank you. That was great. That was great. Thank you so much. Let the record show Tonight's episode three out of the top four performers were women.


It's unbelievable. Christina Mariani, Candace, August, Whitney Cummings and Cam Patterson representing, representing the men. No, I'm saying that's the one out of the four. That was, that would be a weird joke for me to make. Cam's a woman, everybody. No, I'm saying out of my, what I have ranked the top four sets, three of them were women, which is a mathematical anomaly. It is unbelievable. But you, Whitney, Candace, very, very funny. How's life been going? What's it like out there for Christina Mariani? You're in Austin, you've been here for years, you're having great sets. You're on a lot of big shows.


You're a shy nervous. I'm not that ner. I mean, right now I am, but I, I feel like I've gotten cooler. Okay. Can you tell us about some of that? What are some of the things that you used to do that were uncool and now you have control over them? Well, I don't, I mean, you, you tell me, right? I don't Know. I don't know. I I mean yeah, you seem like you're blending in. Well, you're not. Thank you. Sweating like a Sri Lankan right now. I can tell you that we had that happen There. Yeah. But It was something else. No, I, I'm starting to headline. Yeah, so I'm working on my headlining sets. Had a New Year's show. I'm headlining Black Rabbit on the 19th. Nice. So yeah.


And then, and then Vegas on the 21st. So I'm excited. Yeah. I love it. Thank you. Where can people get tickets for your shows? Just on, on my Instagram. Can I? Yes. Okay. C-R-I-I-M-A-R-I-I. Wow. Is that your password or your screen name? No, it's, that's incredible. It's creamery but it sounds weird when I say it. I didn't mean to Okay. For it to sound like that, but alright. I see you kind of combined your first name in your last Yeah. Yeah. And I didn't realize it sounded so gross. Yeah, It's wild.


What else do you do, Christina? What would be, we'd be surprised to know about you about your life here in this interview? Portion of KILL TONY. I signed up for the half marathon in January, so I'm gonna You two. Cool. Yeah. Wow. You, you signed up for a half marathon as well? Yeah. Wow. Why, why just a half like her. I understand, but you're a, you're a black man. You should be running the, the double marathon or something like that. You're just gonna go beat everybody's ass in a half marathon real quick. He runs ultra marathons. Wait, he runs ultra marathons. Michael Gonzalez is outing you. Big Mike as we call him Fitness Junkie.


So you run ultra marathons sometimes. Sorry, Christina, he's a more interesting interview. No. So have you ever run a marathon before? No. I Just What made you sign up for a half a marathon to start? I've been running for my anxiety and it's been helping and so I just, You know, I wanna, I wanna get to a marathon eventually, but I'm gonna start with half. Okay. What, how long do you run during the day? Like three to six miles every day. Wow. That's more than red band has ever walked in his life. It's grand. Total. Amazing. What else do you do to help your obvious anxiety?


I mean, running helps a lot and doing like standup helps too 'cause I'm doing something scary. But You know, and I, I'm in therapy too, so. Oh, Okay. This is great. Are you the Asian guy's? Ex-girlfriend. This is incredible. Okay. How long have you been in therapy for? Just a few months. How's that going? Did they already get you on a bunch of pills? No. No. Did they try a little bit? No, Not a little bit. No, not even, they didn't go. I, You know, I'm not saying that you should, but what I would do if it was somebody that wanted pills is this, because that's how they make vast sums of money. No, I have A different doctor for that. Oh, Okay.


You're like a homeopathic type of a No, I, I was kidding. I dunno What You're just kidding about seeing a therapist. No, no. I am seeing a therapist. I'm kidding about getting drugs from a different doctor. Right. Okay. But did your therapist suggest drugs at any point? No. No. Nothing at All? No. It's just talk therapy. Yeah. Therapists don't do that. Oh. The guy that lives with nine women also knows a lot about therapists. Who would've guessed this? Everybody. Therapist. Yeah. Well yeah, but that usually a fucking therapist will see a nervous bundle like this and send them straight to the psychiatrist. Who writes A tion? No, I'm not always like this. What do you, what do you normally like?


No, I mean like, it just depends on the situation. When you do something like more nerve wracking, do you, are you the same all the time? No. Yeah, yeah. No. What would make you more nervous? I wanna make you more nervous. Who wants to hear her sing a song? Everybody. I'm kidding. I'm joking. Christina. Okay. God, that was a fun set. You're famously nervous and show red band. I would love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. All. I'll see you. Fantastic. You ever get one of these before? You want one? No. It's a you don't. There you go. Christina Mariani everybody. And that was tonight's episode. How loud can this place get for the one and only ANDREW DICE CLAY?


Everybody a historical episode for us to have the presence of the dice. Man, the art is in from Ryan J Belt and it is unbelievable. He drew that during the episode. Our artist that draws every episode of the Dice. Man, that is incredible. Very Powerful. Ryan j belt.com to check that out. Yeah. All done up here? Yeah. I don dunno if they can Dice. That's Great. Is there anything you wanna plug or promote? Is the one of the funniest men on Instagram? I can tell you that you may have seen his man on this street. I'm not here to plug. Right?


I love it. I love that. I don't need to plug God I love you. You are just the coolest Guy. ANDREW DICE CLAY dot com. Instagram ANDREW DICE CLAY dot com. TikTok? Yeah. Yeah. Andrew Dice Clay. And maybe they'll get a picture one day. Who knows? Yeah, Maybe you could get A picture now. This has been an incredible experience for me. It really, dice is great. Star stage. It's Tony twice at Madison Square, Square Red Band. Incredible For real. Twice at the HEB Center. But to get to have you here at the table, I always knew it would be amazing and I'm It was good. No, no. It was unbelievable. Did You guys have fucking fun tonight?


One more time for ANDREW DICE CLAY. The best damn band in the land. Thank you. Thank you to our sponsors. Red band. Check out the movie Ford Fairlane. One of my favorite movies growing up. It used to be on my answering machine. My hair. My hair. I love You guys. Thank you. Thank you. We love You guys. Thank you so much. God bless you. Have a great night everybody.


Everybody.


These are violent criminals, so they're not gonna go down easy. A, B, C, Tuesdays. Let's get this done. The rookie is back. We have two new rookies starting today. Audi being a cop is stressful 24 7 every year on the job is different. And training day we have a serial killer at large never ends. We ambulance the rookie all new Tuesdays on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


This is a message from sponsor Intuit TurboTax. Now taxes is 100% free when you file in the TurboTax app. If you're a first time filer or didn't file with TurboTax last year, that's right. Just do your own taxes in the TurboTax app by February 18th. Had a few jobs last year. It's free. Have a lot of forms. Yep. Still free. Have a bunch of new invisible crypto coins. Heads up. It's still free. Convinced you saw Bigfoot. Even if your friends don't believe you, that has absolutely nothing to do with taxes, but you better believe it's still absolutely free. Just download and do your own taxes in the TurboTax app by February 18th. All tax forms all 100% free. Now this is taxes. See if you qualify in the TurboTax. App excludes TurboTax Live. Must start and file in-app by February 18th.