
This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, are you popping? The big question? Sure. It's a huge moment, but what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants, so it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red Band, Tony, I love Blue Nile. At blue nile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring than you can imagine at a price you'll never find out. A traditional jeweler, You're so right, red band. You know that since 1999, blue Nile has been the original online jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry, their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they'll meet or beat a competitor's price. On a comparable diamond, your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases, even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns, so you can make sure the ring you pick is the one, and because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your first purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra, the AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on info check responses for accuracy. This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, are you popping the big question? Sure, it's a huge moment, but what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement.


Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut collar, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants, so it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red Band, Tony, I love Blue Nile. At blue nile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring then you can imagine at a price you'll never find at a traditional jeweler. You're so right Red band. You know that Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns so you can make sure the ring you pick is the one, and because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your first purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com.com.


That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com. Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY, and every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony Tony Hinchcliffe. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Tickets are on sale for all my upcoming standup dates.


Detroit, Atlantic City, Niagara Falls, Mount Pleasant, Michigan West Valley City, AKA Salt Lake City, Utah, Reno, Nevada, Anaheim, California, and Las Vegas, Nevada. Tickets for sale now, or my standup comedy featuring some of your favorite characters from the show, especially me. All tickets are at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com Right now.


Hey, this is Red Band coming to you live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony. Let's go. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Yay. Austin, Texas, who's with us? Make some fucking noise. Huh?


Make some noise for Red band everybody, Huh? Yes. Very exciting. Very exciting stuff. How about another hand for the best stand band in the land? Everybody that is indeed the Wavo Ranchero side of the room. Ladies and gentlemen, that is Grooveline Horns, Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo on the horns, big Mike Michael Gonzalez on the drums, the great Matt, the Mutilators Mulling on the electric guitar.


Jon Deas on The Keys, the leader of the band, the Great and powerful D Madness on bass, guitar. Everybody, the whole crew is here. Very, very exciting stuff in motion. A very fun episode ahead. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by Prize Picks. Prize Picks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members in billions of dollars in awarded winnings prize picks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all you just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 1000 times your cash. Run your game all season long on prize picks. The big game is almost here, and it's now or never. Don't miss out on the last football game of the season. With prize picks the best place to win cash while watching the big game Prize picks is also giving away a free pick for the big game, or one of the starting quarterbacks will only need to throw one yard to win. If you are correct on at least one more stat projection, you can win real cash. Check out the promos tab to tell any of our Super Sweat Millie winners big game lineups. If you tell a lineup that goes three for three, you can win a split of $1 million in promo funds. Sign up today and get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus it's guaranteed. Red Band. Tony, I love prize picks. There are so many great opportunities to get in on this week on prize picks. I'm looking at the football board and selecting Jared Goff for more than 230 passing yards and Saquon Barkley for more than one touchdown. Saquon Barkley Saquon, Indeed. Very, very good red band. Download the app today and use Code Tony to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, download the app today and use Code Tony to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize picks, run your Game.


This podcast is sponsored by Blue Chew. My friends have better sex with Blue Chew. Blue Chew is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. Blue Chew is putting it's money where its mouth is and offering you a month free. The process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers, and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. Blue Chew tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever an opportunity arises. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy Red Band. Oh man, Tony, I love Blue che. I think they're providing the best ed treatment out there. Does it work buddy? Find out for yourself. With a month free, you could be missing out some of the best sex of your life. Ooh, disgusting. Congrats Red band. Make life easier by getting harder, and discover your options@bluetooth.com and we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of Bluetooth free. Visit bluetooth.com for more details and important safety information, and we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.


Who's ready to start tonight's episode, huh? Look, you guys, you guys know me. When I book this show, sometimes it's three guests deep. Sometimes it's two guests, sometimes it's one guest. Sometimes it's a guest who has done the show, a record setting amount of times, and every once in a while you get to be here for the very first guest appearance of a comedian. This is one of those moments you will never forget for. It is indeed this comedian's first time ever joining us, a guest that I have wanted since the show's inception 12 and a half years ago.


I present to you one of the greatest comedians in the world. His first time in the KILL TONY Universe. This Is FLUFFY GABRIEL Egl. Oh Yeah, baby. What? Fucking go. Yes, indeed. The one and the only.


The great and the powerful GABRIEL IGLESIAS. Oh yeah, baby. That is an amazing intro. I'm so glad you have actual Mexicans playing that We are fresh off of watching pro wrestling together. That Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Look at the Mexicans are even videotaping it. You know, we're, you know, this whole thing's being videotaped, right? Fernando? I love it, man. You got little Mexicans on one side and the black people and want white guys. That's right. You gotta keep 'em separated. You gotta keep 'em separated. I don't know if that's for Fernando or Raul that was videotaping. I get 'em all confused. I just know that Carlos is on the sax.


To be honest, I've never memorized which one was the other one, and it's gotten, it's gotten, I've gotten by so far without anybody. No. Austin, how are you? Yeah, Tony, thank you for having me, man. We are so pumped to have You. Hell yeah. Can you please tell everybody what you're drinking again? It's gay Vegas. It's a sugar-free Red Bull and vodka. Wow. Or upstairs. I go, Hey, what is that? He goes, it's a gay Vegas. I go, what? I like how you described it though. I, I, I might order one. Who knows? Well, we're gonna Buy, we're gonna have some fun tonight and is is your first time, so let me tell you, 212 human beings signed up tonight.


2 1 2 is the magic number. They are loaded in a bar across the street. If I pull one of their names out, they get 60 seconds on the stage. You know, their time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear And that rudely interrupts them. I conduct an interview with them. We find out more about them. They get to talk to my esteemed panelists, Gabriel IGLESIAS, get some information and some feedback and some intel on what they could be talking about. It's a live interview. Everything is improvised. Anything can happen. Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show, huh? All right, while we go wrangle our first bucket pool. Let's get it started with one of our esteemed golden ticket winners.


This, his boy is from Los Angeles, California and he is in town. One of the most recent golden ticket winners on the show. Ladies and gentlemen, to start the show. This is a brand new minute from Golden Ticket winner Jack Shaw. Oh Shit. Time for the Jewish portion of the show, guys. Lock the door gas the room. Let's have a good time. Okay. Oh man. I love being Jewish in Texas, guys. I'm exotic here, dude. I am. I've been making shit up, dude. I've been telling people we still eat babies.


I'm having a good time, man. Oh, you guys didn't like that? Okay, that's fine. It's okay, man. I was an angry kid growing up. I got in some fights growing up, like one time at camp, this kid hit me in the head with a ping pong paddle, so I kicked him in the balls and like, I know that's a cheap shot, but I was such a bad counselor. Okay, I'm trying to learn how to fight. I started taking a Moy Thai class, which was pretty cool, and I don't know why. That's funny. You fuckers dude. Jesus Christ. It was pretty cool. The first day I got there, I found out that everyone gets a nickname, and this is true.


My nickname was Jew Bitch. The Latino guys had a field day with that one dude, no pun intended, man, but I found out, Because That's a field, I found out that the only way to get a new nickname was to fight for it. So I stuck with the nickname. Alright, thank you guys so much. Jack Shaw. Fuck. Yeah. You've been doing Moy Tie, is that what you call it? Moy Tie? Isn't that what it is? Maybe I'm in the wrong glass, dude. You with cows? Moy Thai. Oh, it's Moy Thai.


Oh, Mo Thai Moy Moy Mo Moy. Moy Moy. There you go. Moy. He's Jewish. Man. It is an excellent, huh? It's moy Thai dude having a Moy Hai. What are we having for dinner tonight? Moie Hai. Okay. Alright. Jack is a wild boy. High energy. Do you take anything? Are you on Ritalin or something? Dude, I'm on Prozac. Really? Yeah. So you're, I Hug everyone, dude. I, This is, you kind of calm down then. I, I, I guess, no, Prozac didn't really like calm me down. It actually kind of gave me the confidence to do comedy. Really? Wow. Like I was, I was super nervous and afraid of everything, and then I got on that.


It was super helpful. So amazing. Yeah. That's a not funny, but it's a good thing. Yeah. No, it's fine. How long have you been on Prozac Ballpark? About, about, since I started four years. Okay. Yeah. So you started Prozac and immediately you started standup comedy. Yeah. Look at that. That's like a Pfizer ad Right now. Yeah. That's happening. How much did they pay you for that? Anything I could get, dude, I'll take any money. Wow, okay. All Anthony Fauci Berg over here. Yeah. Incredible. What were you super afraid of? What were some of the things that you were most afraid of in the world? You seem like you're still afraid of a lot of stuff. The outside, in general. Dude, I didn't like going out there.


I was, I was, I was depressed, man. I, I just, I just didn't like myself and, you know, it was, it, it made me feel okay to look in the mirror. Jesus Christ, bro. Seriously. What the tell? How about, hey, how's your day, man? What makes you become, become a comic hug me, bro. Yeah, look at that. Oh yeah. Oh God, dude. I'm not, I Bought that dude. I, I take Prozac too, man. But Yeah, Don't ask me no questions about That. Yeah. You went from muy tie to Moy Mexican over here. Jack, how's life been?


You've been here in Austin during all the fires. You're based out of la Yep. Yep. I, I've been out here, dude, life's been good. I got, I got a dog back home and Is it A little scared Jewish dog? It's A little, yeah, he is. Trying to think of a pun. Couldn't think of one. Okay. He's a, he's a husky and a dachshund mix, so he is like a, he's like an angry fucking Guy. Yeah. You're trying to figure out how they lined him up, huh? Yeah, I didn't do it. I didn't make it happen. That poor little dod, You better fuck this husky dude. Yeah. Get in there.


No, I do. He's staying with my parents Right now and my dad keeps threatening. My dad hates him a lot and he keeps threatening to put lighter fluid on him and send him to the Palisades. Wow. I'm not, it's just a All right, go Ahead. Ask him more questions. Yeah, ask him more questions. He was doing, you were doing good, bro. You should have quit. We, you were headed Incredible. Your dad is wild. What does your dad do for work? He Was a comedy writer for his career. Oh my God. What did he work on? He, he worked on a lot of game shows. He worked on the Hollywood Squares for a while. Wow. He worked on some sitcoms. He worked on The Nanny, if you remember that Show. Oh my God. Of course, Fran Wow. Some Fran Drescher fans out there. Absolutely incredible.


Wow. So he's retired now. He's retired by force. He can't find any work. Wow. Yeah, it's super cool. I'm so happy. That is so jealous of you. Did he ever do standup comedy? He did, dude, and he's, he's really proud. He is really proud, man. He's proud. Yeah. Would We recognize him if we saw him on anything? No, absolutely not. Wow. Why do you think his standup career never 'cause he had you? Oh, a hundred percent. Yeah. No, I ruined his life. Do You have siblings? Yeah, I have a, I have a brother. He's 10 years older than me. He is from my dad's first failed marriage. Oh. And He, so My son, his second with my mom.


Okay. Wow. Damn. Sorry. What happened? Why, why did, why, why do you think he went to, is he still with your mom? Yeah. Okay, so that stuck. They do not love each other. No. That, that's not totally true. But I hear them whisper fighting in the other room all the time. I bet. Such a fucking bitch here. Such a, such a Don't shut up. I don't wanna hear Jack call you a fucking bitch. Dude, I don't. Incredible. And they're both very Jewish as well. Oh, Extremely Jewish. Extremely. What's, what do you think before I let you go? Yeah. What do you think is the most Jewish thing about your parents? What, what is it that really stands out to you to where you're like, Jesus, you two?


Well, really the most Jewish thing about them is how much my dad hates Jewish people. Right. It really is. Yeah. He, it's like, it's a very Jewish thing to hate ju Judaism. Yeah. I think I'm Jewish now that you mentioned. This is how I find out that I was Jewish all along Jack. Way to get it started. You are job, man. Thank you guys. There he goes. Time to get to this bucket. Ladies and gentlemen. This guy's been on this show before. It's been a long time since we've seen him. Oh, I know what that noise means. The lovely Heidi is here. Everyone make some noise for Heidi Live and the flesh.


I always love seeing the Taurus faces when they actually get to see Heidi and the Yep. Wow. Yep. Don't see those. Cheers. Hell yeah. Fuck yeah. Everyone cheers. Mexican side of the band. Salo ro Tequila. It is, Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for your first bucket Pool of the night. It is the return of Tim Hanlin. Everyone. It's been a while. Here's Tim Hanlin. All right. What's going on y'all? I, I just learned something for the first time. I probably should have known this. Maybe you guys know this. Did you know that Muslims are sober?


They don't drink at all. None of them. That freaked me out. Like even like Muslim terrorists are stone sober. They're just drinking shots of milk, talking about tattoo America. Like Jesus. That's scarier than thinking if they were smashed. I don't know, man. Maybe they could use a glass of wine, you know, call calm the nerves a little bit. You know, I gotta talk for 60 seconds. I had two whiskeys back there, but if I had to do what they had to do, if I had to strap on a suicide vest, I start drinking the night before, I'd be hammered. I'd show up drunk. They'd be like, damn, it's eight o'clock in the morning. I'd be like, well, it's nine 11 somewhere.


Alright, thanks guys. All right. Tim Hanlon, it's nice to get to meet Jack Shaw's comedy retired father. Okay. I've been Around. You do look like a guy that used to write comedy for game shows. Was that that guy here? I know his mom. Here you are, Tim, welcome back. It's been a while since we've seen you. Yes, indeed. Muslims don't drink. That's okay. Hey, I'm not Muslim. Hell yeah. Thank God for that up. Thank God. Oh, damn. Jesus Christ. But I am Mexican. Orle a Heidi.


Fuck yeah. Tim, how long you been doing standup? I started in 2010. 20 10, 12 Years, something like that. Yeah. I don't think you know what year it is. That would be, I haven't Known what year it is in a, in a minute, bro. 15 years. Yeah, I kind of, I don't own a clock. I don't, yeah. I just float around. Yeah. You own a clock that I don't Own A clock. Right. How about calendar? That clock doesn't realize. Probably Since 2010. Okay. Alright. What do you, what do you, what is your living situation like, Tim? You, It's better than most people would assume. Man, I got a, I got a nice house. I, I do have two roommates. I got a couple, oh, a comic and his girl. Okay. But I got a nice house down in South Austin.


Yeah. Nice. Yeah. You love it. It's great. Yeah, it's awesome. Oh yeah. You have a lot of Don't lock my doors. You have a lot of clothes in your closet. Do you have a lot of choices or is like that it, here's The thing. Yeah. I, I, yeah, I used to have more. I give all, every time I move, I just give clothes away. So there's some fly looking bums in LA Right now. I left LA and gave all my clothes away and this is what I kept. Yeah. This is my, I You don't like Johnny Cash, Bro. Okay. I see Johnny Cash crazy. I look all right. Yeah. All right. No, You, you look all right, bro. I'd say more, but I'm wearing Jordans. Yeah, you're wearing shorts, bro. I Have no, I have no say Enough. Yeah. Yeah. It's incredible. I Don't have a Hawaiian shirt on tonight.


I'm sorry bro. It works. Tell us what's been happenings up. They do match wise observation from Jon Deas. It is indeed Brown. Yeah. Oh my God. You are wearing camo pants. What an embarrassing moment for you. Oh my God. Right. We're just lighting up Tim Hamlin. John's like, oh, fuck, shit. But he has a, a keyboard to cover up his bad choice. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking Guys, Man. It's incredible. I can't believe you guys both went with, sorry, this luck tonight. So Tim, tell us about your process or your career lately.


What's been going on in comedy? Started 15 years ago. Yeah. Came out Guns Blaze. It's a good premise that Muslims don't drink. I feel like there was a little bit more there. You could have fucking had I was waiting for. Yeah. There's more. You know, I was rushing Typical Muslim jokes. I'm waiting for a big boom at the end. Never came. Really? I don't even know Muslims. I don't know if that's true or not. Is that true? I'm like, No, they drink some guy That looked like him told me that. So I don't know. They drink, I'm friends with Asama. He doesn't drink on what's the name of their wacky holiday? Ramadan. I'm probably gonna get killed for calling it a wacky holiday. There's a, there's a thing on my life, what do they call that?


Aji Jihad. Yeah. But yeah, no, they drank, we went on a fucking bar crawl to celebrate Ari Shafer's special release a couple weeks ago, and I promise you Asman got fucked up. We all thought it would be a good idea. The six of us, there was a ton of us fucking comedians, Ari DeRosa, fucking all of us, and we all thought it would be a good idea. Ari wanted to do a shot and a drink at a bunch of bars on the east side, A true crawl, which I've never really done before. And we fucking did it. And by bar seven, we thought it would be a good idea to all slam into the, the photo booth at once. One of those school. Oh, I know. Photo Booth. Oh God. And all we got was a bunch of pictures of Hassan's head.


So there's, there is proof was right front Muslim strength. Alright. Tim, what made you want to go in that direction? Out the gate? Like, you know, that's a, that's a like a tough area to, to go into that Joke for Right now. Yeah. Well, you know, You only get a minute, dude. Yeah, Exactly. I I, I do longer sets and stuff, so most of my stuff is a little bit more developed and I figured that's got like a short, And it's a newer joke, Eh, two months old. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But it's short. It's not like a story. I gotta come up here. Of course. Did I Make the, did I make the set those, the Topic is, is is a, it's a tough topic to go into. Yeah. I mean, I, I stopped being scared of jokes a long time ago. I was like, Well, I, I'm not scared of jokes, but I'm scared of Muslims saying, you know, I ain't here.


No offense. The views of Tim are not those of GABRIEL gl. Yes, I got you covered. Or Tony, here's hell opportunity everybody. Hell yeah. Yeah, dude. Yeah. I don't know. I thought, I thought it was a fun, fun. I mean, it's Pretty gangster. You win for it. I, I give you credit on that. I woo. Yeah. Really? Yeah. That's, that's, that Might be, You probably went after the heart. I mean what, think of another topic that would've been harder for him to Go than Muslims. Abortion. Blow shit up abortions In Texas, you're probably right. Plaque abortions. Jesus sweat ban. The hardest thing I had talk ever talking about, especially like in gun control. That's the worst thing. Don't, don't say shit about guns say quiet.


Yeah. That's the one thing. That's why I won't, I won't say shit about guns though. Huh? I learned that lesson. How Do you mean? I love that he respects guns more than Muslims. Hey. Like dude, man, Tim, I'm not Tim. We gotta talk after, bro. I'm Not much of You might need full camo after this show. I'm shifty bro. I'm shity Tim, you've been on this show multiple times. No, I was on only in the, in the la at the, at the belly room. Yeah. Or the main room Only once. Yep. That's the only time ever. Really. And I sign up everywhere. Yeah. I used to sign up every fucking night for like years and I finally got on and since you came outta here, I haven't really signed up too much, but thanks so much.


Fucking for the opportunity man. Wow. Amazing. This is fantastic. Yeah, There you go. Absolutely. Tim Hanlon his somehow only a second appearance ever. I could swear you've been on more than that. Here's a medium sized joke book. It'll match your, it'll match your getup. Thank you brother. Make some noise for Tim Hanlin. Everybody. There he goes. Little Elon Musk sendoff there after a Jesus Christ. Holy shit. Alright, there he goes. Good day.


This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter Guys. I'm a boss and hiring is important and me, according to research, a major challenge that many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. And it's a tough hurdle to overcome because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applications. Well, if you're an employer who can relate, I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And Right now you can try ZipRecruiter FOR FREE at ziprecruiter.com/ KILL TONY or Red Band Tony ZipRecruiter, one of our oldest sponsors. We love ZipRecruiter. They're the best hiring site out there. Did you know ZipRecruiter is the hiring site? Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast the ZipRecruiter's Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. That Is nuts. Red band and I love nuts. ZipRecruiter's Powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/ KILL TONY Right now to try it FOR FREE. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger. A picture, perfect sunset or cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/koni. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


this podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, are you popping? The big question? Sure it's a huge moment, but what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red band Tony, I love Blue Nile. At blue nile.com you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring than you can imagine at a price you'll never find at a traditional jeweler. You're so right Red band. You know that since 1999, blue Nile has been the original online jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases they'll meet or beat a competitor's price On a comparable diamond, your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns. So you can make sure the ring you pick is the one. And because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your first purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.


Alright, your next bucket poll, Ladies and gentlemen. Looks like a brand new name. Make some noise for Juu Vest. Perhaps it's some rough handwriting. Juu Vest or Vast Juu. There he is. Wow. Look at this Jason Vest. Jason, vast everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Stay away from Muslim topics. Got it. Here we go. I'm 40. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. We will reset it one more time. The clock. Here he is. Make some noise for Jason Vest everybody.


I'm 46 years old and I'm six years over to you for getting my prostate checked. I hate doctors and I'm terrified to get the procedure done 'cause I haven't had a man put a finger up my butt since I was a cub Scout. For those of you that cringe, do not cringe. I was a loose boy. I was a loose boy. I was a slutty kid and I fucked my way to the, the top of the Eagle Scouts. I jerked off a scout leader with a Nintendo Power glove in the back of a 1986 Ford escorts. And that's how I became the youngest Eagle Scout in history.


Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. I'm a veteran, I'm a veteran and I go to the VA medical system for my healthcare and it's shitty. I get four Viagra tablets monthly. Four. I spent 20 years in the military in one year in Iraq and that only equates to four Hardons a month. That's why I voted Republican. 'cause Donald Trump said he was gonna get us 10. Thank you. Alright, Jason Vest. Okay. Alright, let's go. This is your first time on the show, correct? Second time. Oh, There you go.


I got it everybody. Everything's backwards here tonight, dude. The visual I got from the power glove in the back of an escort, I'm like, oh my God. You felt that shit, didn't you? I Fought that dude though. The escort, the one that had the power seat belts, the automatic ones. Oh this? Yeah. Oh God. You know how, How long ago was your last appearance on the show? Almost A year ago, Tony. I was on in February last Year. Did I tell you on that episode that you look like the guy from Ghostbusters two that makes Vigo the barbarian come to life out of the eat these Beagle? It's an amazing impression. You can these people. I've single Ghostbusters too. A lot. Yeah, You have that though.


You have those energies. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, that's exactly what he would say if he was here Right now. That's how he would say it. Absolutely incredible. How long you been doing standup Jason? Four and a half years. Tony. Where at? I started in Detroit and then I moved to Chicago and then I moved here a year ago. Wow. Detroit and Chicago. I cannot picture you fitting into either one of those cities at all. I haven't performed for so many white people in my life. I'm not used to it. I'm uncomfortable. Tony Ham. Incredible. Incredible. Yeah. I mean, you're used to performing in the back of Ford escorts With The power gloves. Did what have you done? Incredible. What do do you do for a living?


How do you make money? Jason? I'm retired from the military. Right. And I live on my VA disability and my pension and I make content and I'm on the Loveline radio show on Kroc. Nice. What, what branch of the military were you in Navy? No, I retired. I was a National Guard recruiter. Oh, okay. National Guard recruiter. Did you recruit anybody? Like you seem like you would be the worst recruiter with A power glove. Power glove. You got him in there. I hold the state record for the Michigan National Guard for the most enlistments in one month. Oh. Never Been Beat, my God.


Because power glove matter. Incredible. I lied to kids a lot. Yeah, I bet. Sorry, Your body count must be incredible. Insane. Insane. I've actually seen his content online. Really? Yeah. Jason, you're you're very funny. I, I thank you so Much, much. Thank you. Your, Your reviews of, he does these, these insane reviews of massage parlors. Oh, is that true? It's part of the culture, brother. Hey man. Wow. I've never seen a standing ovation from red. Okay. Jesus Christ. Hey, I'm the one that mentioned it. Why don't you give me fist bump, man? Oh shit. Gimme the Power glove hand. Gimme the power glove hand. Yeah. You guys have DNA all over you Now?


No. He, he actually puts out some really funny content that I've seen online every now, and that's why as soon as you walk in, I'm like, I recognize you from somewhere and then I heard your voice. I'm like, that's right. That's right. Okay. You can't call Yourself. It's just, it's hysterical, man. I, I, I enjoy it. I've showed your videos to, to many people. Fuck yeah. Thank you so much. Fuck yeah. Thank you. Incredible. How long have you lived in Austin now? About A year. Tony, do you love It? Yeah. Fuck Yeah. I love it. What do you do for fun in Austin, Texas? I write a lot of content and, and that's pretty much it. Like, I write a lot of content, I hang out at home and I review celebrity feet. Like I got a foot fetish and I review celebrity feet for Kroc. That's what I do on the Loveline Radio show. I suck the shit out some toes, man.


Oh shit. That's the chance of a lifetime, everybody. Oh. Oh my God, bro. You need to get a goddamn pedic, bro. Is incredible Bottoms. Your feet are crusty as fuck, dude. Jesus. They, this look lovely to me. Let me tell you something, you're talking Right now, but I, I promise you my feet are softer than most people's touch. God damn. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. Wow. Look At that. Now. I need help putting on the suck. You know what's up, dude? While all of that was happening, this guy's so gay that he made another man faint in the front row, by the way, for this.


It was, it was the sock. It came off, man. May have. I said they're sock. I didn't say what they smell like front row couldn't handle It. It's our first casualty here today. We're gonna see how many audience members can die here. So you review feet? I do. I review. You know, you know who's got fucked up feet? Who? Oprah. Oh, she Got bunions. Oh, her big toe looked like a Turkey le from a goddamn renaissance. Fair. Nasty. Oh My goodness. That is incredible. Can I ask for the honest review though? Well, it, it was, I know the guy passed out, but that's besides the points.


7.5. Thank you. Wow. 7.5 0.5. That's right. That's, I get a lot of petties. Hell yeah. I'm diabetic. I gotta take care of my feet. I love that. I love that. Absolutely incredible. What else would we be surprised to know about you? Jason? You seem like a wild, eclectic character. Like there's so many things. I bet you, I bet you like collect things. You have like a bunch of stuff on your walls at home. Well, Tony, I'm glad you asked. I could just see the fucking, I got A sock collection. All right. It is what it is. Really? Yeah. Where do you get these socks from? Holy fans? Yeah. Oh my God. Holy shit.


Wow. Gotcha, bro. Oh my God. Yep. Absolutely incredible. I'm a freak. Wow. Four more people just fainted in the audience. For those of you keeping track, Jason, I gotta ask you, because we're finding out so much, so fast. Indeed. You are a freak. What do you think, If we had to go down perhaps the top three freakiest things you've ever done in your entire life? People love this interview portion of this show. You know, one of them?


Yeah. When, when people hear this show, they love when people tell the truth in the interviews and find out real shit. I feel like a, you just put the sock in your mouth and shook your head. I feel like you're willing to fucking really go for it here. Now I present to you the top three freakiest things Jason Vest has ever done in his life. Number three, I got my butt hole fingered in a Waffle House bathroom by a big woman I met on Plenty of Fish. Wow. So much to put together there. Waffle House, plenty of fish, thud, whole finger, absolutely incredible.


Inserted, double thirded, triple skirted, smothered, covered a Waffle House bathroom. Wow. Pic you in Mississippi. Pic you in Mississippi? Oh my God. Remind me to never go to pic, you Mississippi. All right, here we go. Number two, freakiest things Jason Vest has ever done. I paid a South Korean woman to shit on my chest at the Oriental Health and massage in Jackson, Michigan. And later I, well, I'm not done yet. Jesus. I'm not done yet. Leave some time for the crowd to go wild. Jason, leave some space.


Get these laughs. You deserve it. Okay, now wait, Wait. And later I found out it was a 47-year-old Filipino man. How did I know that this segment was going to work? This is incredible. This guy like had this ready. If you would've thought we'd prepared this, like, okay, I'm gonna ask you the three freakiest things you've ever, this segment is unbelievable. I gotta hear number one. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold those horses. I know he is already knocked 20 or socks off. Number two. Number Two. Hold on. I think the sock in the mouth is like somewhere like 93. I have, yeah.


Honestly, after you're shitting on the chest, I only have four questions about number two. So you thought it was a Korean woman And later ended up being a 47-year-old Filipino man. I ran into him at Walmart. So was that, wait, hold on. You didn't find out that night that it was a Korean woman? No, he ran into me at Walmart and he's like, bro, you don't remember me. And I'm like, no, What, what? This is too abscesses. How, how did you know the age? Like were you guys buying the same medication or something at CVS or what?


How did you know the age what you said? 47. I could Just tell by how we looked. You had the little wrinkles around the eyes. He was older than me. I was 25 at the time, so Oh my God. Wow. And you were in, he Looked like an older Manny Packo. My goodness. Okay, so, but what type of shit was it? And this is what you were into at the time. Had you had that done before? Once before. Once before it once at 25. Oh, it's definitely not nothing is your first rodeo. I feel like there's nothing that you haven't done. There's no doubt about it. You probably have AIDS And he probably paid for it. Yeah, it's a cake. I gotta hear what number one is.


I gotta hear what number one. Real quick, Real quick. I know, I, I wanna know number one too. Would you have a question? Yeah. Oh, well, Matt Mulling only talks once every six and a half episodes. This should be exciting. Matt mulling. I just, Did you not see the dude's junk when he was dumping on your chest? Fucking unbelievably. Great question. I have no idea how I missed that. Unbelievably great question. Yeah. Are you, were you just imagining it? Not there. Let's just say this. I'm seven years sober now. Ah, okay. Do you remember, do you remember how the shit came out? Was it solid loggy, wet, runny?


I thought it was South Korean soft serve at the time. Wow. But it turns out it was what? Filipino pudding. Okay. Red band. There's your fart sand effect for the episode. And now, Oh, Ladies and gentlemen, the number one freakiest thing that Jason Best has ever done. I unintentionally gave a Mexican gentleman a foot job to completion on a Greyhound bus en route to Biloxi, Mississippi.


I'm not gonna lie, I thought that was the beginning of my story. And I'm like, no, that's another Mexican. He got Wow. How, Hey, so your review of my feet was real. That's all I want to know. That's just, that's all I care about. It was like 7.5. Thank you, bro. Thank you. Let's just, We'll take your wins when you can get 'em people. One second here. You said that you gave a I love you have more. Oh. Oh, it's incredible. The wheels are turning Right now. How? What makes it an unintentional foot job? And when you say foot job, that means you jerked 'em off with your feet and it was unintentional how?


This is very suspicious coming from you. No, no, no. You seem like a guy that would have a very intentional foot job if you wanted to give one For Loco the before 2010 formula back when that shit would fuck you up. The OGs. No, he knows. So how, what were the, what was the angle of attack on this situation? You're sitting next to the guy. He's a he is a rope. No, he crossed The, like crossed the little way thing and I just reached my foot across and that motherfucker looked at me dead in my eyes and saying, Bon Jovi's bed of roses and broken English before he, he cummed on my face. How did he come on your face?


It was like, it blast to me. I don't even know where to begin. It's like Mad lips. I don't even know where to begin. But I'm telling you this, you're getting a big joke book, that's for sure. Yeah. Thank you. I don't know what body part, you're gonna shove this up, but I have a pretty decent idea. I always throw it there he goes. The rare, the rare catch from a Jason vest. Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. Welcome to KILL TONY GABRIEL Igl. This is all real. I I fucking, I mean, what can I even say? I, I know that everything he was saying was real.


It's not like stuff that, you know, he, he's not up here just trying to get, get any like cloud or nothing. You know what I'm saying? Like definitely Not clicks. No. Yeah. That watch his stuff is funny, but I he never talked about stuff like that. Yeah. 'cause I vouched for him at first and then I'm like, oh God, he is getting shit on. No, literally. Yeah. It's incredible. Incredible the characters we find here on this show. Wow. And it could happen again Right now. A one word name is your next bucket Poll. Make some noise for Trev. Everybody. 60 seconds uninterrupted for Trev. Oh, what's up Austin?


Oh. Oh no, I'm already cut off. All right, man. I lost my virginity to a deaf girl and it causes really weird fetish for me. I don't like deaf chicks, but I'm a sucker for that accent. It's okay. They can't hear us. I have this really scientific job. I run these experiments recently. I experimented with cocaine. I just, I took a really small amount of it and turned it into a habit and you know, I also had this gig as a porn star for a while.


I did this courtroom themed porno adult films. My stage name was pro bono attorney at Raw. I was just going around introducing bitches to the penal system, you know, pounding that gavel. Alright, cool. Okay. Trm? Hell yeah. Started strong kind of. You lost me there at the end. You said you were doing porn? Yeah. Yeah, just regular Porno. Where where were you doing that at? Well, I mean that was a lie. It was a joke. Okay. Okay. Would is the cocaine thing true? He probably has. Are there any cops here He can lie about?


What's that? I said he probably has a job where he can't be honest about the cocaine thing. He doesn't look like he has a job he could lose. He looks like he would get hired if they find out. Alright. He is willing to work overtime. This guy might get a raise if he does cocaine. What do you do for a living? I work in a high tech security. Oh wow, okay. Cocaine. He Blow while you're protecting something. Yeah. Look at that. That's incredible. So, okay. How long you been on standup? I started in 2018, but I've only, you know, I didn't get serious until like 2021. What made you get serious then? I had kids. I couldn't act anymore. I didn't have at the time for that and I wanted to. You Had kids, they passed away?


No. How many kids do you have? Two. Where are they at now? San Antonio. San Antonio with the baby mama? Yep. Okay. And you guys are separated? Yep. How long did that last? 11 years. You were with her for 11 years. How old are the kids? 11 and 15. 11 And 15. Okay. So you were there for a while. Oh yeah. Alright. Is she the deaf one? She wishes. Oh, sorry bro. Why did it end? What made the relationship end? Oh man, that's complicated.


Okay, your Honor. You're a dude. We're guys, what's up? Yeah, come On. You make it complicated if you're talking to fuck her. Yeah, I don't know. We just, you know, know it. We got older, we got together, you know, early twenties and then got older and realized, you know, fuck each other. Fuck each other. Okie dokie. Where are you originally from? I was born in Oklahoma. Grew up in Colorado. Okay. All right. And what do you do for fun? For fun comedy. What else? Other than comedy, Pretty much the only other thing I ever do is just so I like to ride my one wheel. I go out, you know, One wheel. Okay. And now we figured it out. Alright. We just found who could be the gayest person that's been on the show so far here today?


Somehow you just destroyed Jason Vest as the gay comedian. I go out on my one wheel. Is that a cool name for a fucking unicycle? You know, I go out on my one wheeler. You have a unicycle? No, it's like an electric skateboard. You know, a one wheel. Come on. No, I, I, I don't do weird shit like that. It looks like skateboard Has a wheel and it has a bunch of Lights around it. I get it now. I get it now. So it's a fancy unicycle. Yeah. Instead of pedaling, you have a remote control or something? No, just foot. You just lean forward. Foot Control. Yeah. Wow. That seems like there's something one That they show those pit bulls on riding on the beach, right? Yeah. Okay.


I know which one he's talking about. Alright, how do you get into I do not get on those. You can get on a normal skateboard. It'll end up with, it'll end up with one wheel on my friend, bro. You make one wheel or on a normal skateboard. How do you end up getting into one wheeling Trev? You had a friend that was doing it. So I skateboarded, you know, as a teen and early twenties and then got, you know, dad Bo couldn't skateboard anymore. Okay. What's your favorite thing to do with your kids? You got an 11-year-old and a 15-year-old. What are they into, what do you, how do you, how do you maintain being a cool dad? You live here in Austin and they're in San Antonio? Antonio. San Antonio. I live in San Antonio. Okay, so you see them a lot?


Oh yeah. Like a lot. A lot. Yeah. Like every day. All, yeah, every week. Yeah. Okay. How do you, how do you entertain them? What makes you a cool dad? We do video games a lot. I mean's their main thing. Yeah. Okay. All right. What do you think is the most interesting thing about you? Maybe it's just 'cause you're going up after Jason Vest, who is one of the freakiest motherfuckers we've ever had in the show history? Yeah, I haven't, I haven't been shared, but I gotta tell you, this interview is unbelievably boring compared to, well, I like comedy for hobbies and I raised my kids. We play video games. That's come on motherfucker. You're right. He had his chest shit on by Not a woman, a Filipino man.


47. He found out at a Walmart finger up his butt at a waffle house. Yeah. Yeah. Stick a two Mississippi accidental foot job. Greyhound bus. Yeah. You got anything like this up your sleeve? Oh man. I mean, I hooked up on a Greyhound one time. Okay. Yeah. That's Just a woman. Yeah, Just a regular boring Ring ring. Jesus. Live your life buddy. My God. Let me ask you this, you've been separated from the baby mama for how long? Five years. Six years. Five years. Oh, you've been out dating a little bit? Oh yeah. Okay. How do you do that? Do you just meet people?


Are you on any of the apps or anything like that? I did apps for a while and then just kind of nothing was happening there now. Now You just roll out on the one one wheeler, look at women in the eyes and just be like, so, so what? Whatever. I can catch along the way. Yeah. Wanna Hop On Like whether your favorite hookup that you've had recently, how did that happen? Oh man. Take us through the evening. I'm gonna try to make you interesting here. Tra the evening. This is A lot of Heavy lifting. I have another sock. That's how that last thing started. Jason was pretty normal until I freaking showed up with my freaking size 11 and a half.


Oh man. I was buying you some time, bro. Yeah, Exactly. The most recent was Laredo. I did comedy down there and, and actually killed. Did you know, pretty good job. Pretty good. Five minute set. Hell yeah. And when I got off stage, the host was like, somebody suck his dick tonight. Wow. So, and I was there for work with a hotel, so you know, it worked out. Oh my goodness. Wow. And Jason Vest was on the show and looks like my work's just getting started. No, it was a, it was, I'll suck your dick if you shit on my chest. Even Tradesies. It was a Korean woman. I, I swear That's what he thought too. Wait till you get to Walmart, bro.


You're running at him. Then Jason, I liked your set. Here's a big joke book. Fun times. Congratulations. Thank you, Tony, man. Or I mean Trev. I just called him Jason. There goes Trev everybody.


Jason, this podcast is sponsored by Shopify. Guys, there has never been a better time to start your own business. There's so much power to starting a new company in the new year. Shopify is how you're going to make it happen. And let red band tell you how Tony, the best time to start your new business is Right now Shopify makes it simple to create your brand open for business and get your first sale. Get your store up and running with easily, with thousands of customizable templates, no coding or design skills required. All you need to do is drag and drop. Yes, that's right. They're powerful social media tools. Let you connect all your channels and create shoppable posts and help you sell everywhere. People scroll. Shopify makes it easy to manage your growing business. They help with the details like shipping, taxes, and payments from one single dashboard, allowing you to focus on the important stuff like growing your business. What happens if you don't act now? Will you regret it? What if someone beats you to the idea? Don't kick yourself when you hear this again in a year because you didn't do anything. Now with Shopify, your first sale is closer than you think. Established in 2025 has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY, all one word, lowercase to start selling with Shopify today. Shopify dot com slash KILL. TONY,


this podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, are you popping? The big question? Sure, it's a huge moment, but what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut collar, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red Band, Tony, I love Blue Nile. At blue nile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring than you can imagine at a price you'll never find at a traditional jeweler. You're so right Red band. You know that since 1999, blue Nile has been the original online jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they'll meet or beat a competitor's price on a comparable diamond. Your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases, even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns so you can make sure the ring you pick is the one. And because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your first purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.


Alright, we're gonna sage this room with a class act. One of our regulars, one of the best to ever be a regular on this show. Very, very hard job writing and performing a new minute every week on this show. Ladies and gentlemen, here he is to do it again. This is a brand new minute from the one and only the great and powerful Cam Patterson. I don't even want to touch this microphone, nigga. We, we should, we should just stop the show at Jason. There's no, it's not gonna get no better than that nigga dog.


I was, I was, it made me angry at how he started with what's number three? I had a finger in my asshole. We should, he has to die. I think people like that should be murdered and put on a list somewhere. Dog. He scares me up my whole heart. There's no top in that nigga. Oh, I know. I got, I got a lot of shit about crack heads. All my dudes are mainly about crack heads. And it's funny to me 'cause I was thinking about it the other day when I, I was real high and I was just like, man, it's fucked up. 'cause most of y'all deal with crack heads and y'all see 'em like on the street. Y'all just walk by 'em. Like they not real people. But I had crack heads in my family, so crack heads had my phone number. You understand?


That's a different type of relationship with a crackhead. Like, y'all be like, I don't know, you leave me alone, nigga. I'm like, what's up? I know you got cash app bitch. I need $5. I wanna buy crack today. It is insane. That's it. There it go. Well get up outta here. Got it. Did it again, buddy. You did it again. Another minute. Oh shit. To see that in person, man, that's freaking awesome. I've seen your clips before. You're very funny. But to just watch you come out and just, that's off the cuff. That was awesome. Thank you So much. I really appreciate it. Thank you. The Funniest thing I've seen all night. Thank God I really thank you so much. The funniest thing I've seen all To be able to take that energy, make the callbacks to everything, acknowledge the room your way, and then segue right into material.


So you were around a lot of crack heads, huh? Yeah, A lot. Like a lot. You know, it's funny, my, my uncle, he just passed away. He was a crackhead. He passed away. Is that the one that I met in Atlanta? Yes. Oh yeah. Yes. You met, you know this. We had a lot of fun. I actually loved that guy. I was, that was actually a, a taping I did that night. Yeah. And in the green room, cam decided to bring about, I don't know, about 43, 44 family members. Odds are, And somehow the one that I bonded with the most out of this unbelievably high amount of people was your crack head uncle. Yeah. He was so fun.


He Loves you, Man. I, he loved me. He loved, It was funny. You remember No longer with us. What? But I said, I said love. I said love. You Said I didn't, you said he loves you. He Do love you. He is still here Somewhere. He's still there. Yeah. He is still riding. He's, he's looking up at us Right now. Oh, he Look what? No, he looking down like this life is good. The good, the good crack is in hell buddy. The good crack is in hell. I don't know. Maybe not. We have the good crack in heaven. Who knows? I, I think, I think heaven's more of like a heroin place. It's just more relaxed. I picture crack D Madness is reacting to this. He's a real musician who's probably done heroin and crack today.


Probably when he just went backstage. Real musician can gamble with anybody. What would be a crack head? Heaven, crack Head. Oh, Like an unlocked liquor store at night? Yeah. Yeah. Just a bunch of unlocked cars and shit like that. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Just a bunch of unlocked everything, right? Yeah. Really Just go in anywhere. It's like a video game. Like Sim City or something like that. CTA. He was the funniest nigga like ever dog. I remember I was, when I first started on standup, he came back on staying up with my, with my dad and shit. And I told him, I said, you wanna come downtown with me? And like, you know what I'm saying? Like, just watch some shows. He said, where your shows at again? I said, they down Tyson.


I can't do that. Nigga. If I go with you downtown, you gonna be doing your little funny shit. And I'm you gonna look back more. Okay. I'm smoking crack somewhere, so I really can't go with you. But he, I loved him. He was great. That one as funny as I thought it was gonna be, but that's fine. I get it. And that's okay. Sometimes it don't hit that well. Yeah. Well you did the cross size to us. I mean, y can You faced us when you did the cross? Okay, There you go. See? You gotta do it to them. That's the trick. Yeah. Play it forward. You can't make, can't make the funny faces to us. I wanted y'all to see me be retarded for a nigga. Man. That was fun. It is good man. This guy look aggravated. What's wrong with you dickhead? I'm tired of this nigga, man.


This lumberjack Texas fellow. I cannot relate to any of this crackhead material. I know any, I know. No crackheads in my life. None. I can't do a white accent. I realize that. Wait, wait. Yeah. You really can crack. Can't. I ain't not be knowing. What, what the hell was that? I dunno. Who? No Crackheads nigga. That's my fuck with that. Cam Patterson. Cam Patterson playing a white guy. Oh my God. Absolutely incredible. We've never learned this about you before. That you cannot do a white impression. Uhuh. Wow. I can, I only do one impression.


Yeah. What is it? It's a, it's a, it's a, you know, you ever seen chowder? Chowder? Yeah. Like On his house. Clam. Yeah. Corn. Nah, it's, it's a old cartoon show. And it was his dude under there, his name schnitzel. But he don't talk all he all he said Ride rda. Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride. That's all I, he was black. That's all he said though. Wow. And all Look at up. It's all he said. Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride ride ride ride Rider. I believe you. And He was black though. He was black. No, I believe that for sure. Wow. What was that on Cartoon Network. Okay. Hell yo. All right. She a five foot with, I liked it a lot.


It was just a black cartoon. No, it was a white. It was, it was for everybody. They just had one black character. I mean it was all like fictional niggas. They was like, you feel me? Like that's in the description by the way. You Hit the guide. That's exactly what it says on the guide. Even I knew that. Absolutely incredible. Wow. Well Cam so much fun. You fucking did it again. Another monster performance. Another new minute from Cam Patterson. Ladies and gentlemen, business is booming. We're flying through it here tonight. Your next bucket pool. Ladies and gentlemen.


Ooh, the great Heidi gracing us with her amazing presence yet again. Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket pool goes by the name of Eddie. Larissa. Make some noise for Eddie. Larissa, everybody. Thank you. I got my Uber on the way here and it was a lady driver. So you know, I buckled up. Not, not just because she was a woman. I'm not a sexist. She was also Asian. Not that Asian people can't drive.


They can. And that's the problem. Relax, relax. I'm kidding. It wasn't an Asian woman. It might have been an Asian man. I couldn't tell. And no. Did I hate Ubers though? I fucking hate Ubers. My worst Uber driver ever made me walk two blocks in the rain to get to the car loudly. Fought the entire ride with someone named Shut the fuck up bitch. Where I ran multiple red lights, almost hit a person. And this dude had tattoos up to his neck and three teardrops under his eyeball. Five stars. 'cause that guy knows where I live.


25% tip. Thank you for the service. I actually found out when I, when I wanted to leave one star, I started getting dropped off down the street at my bitchy neighbor's house. 'cause she's kind of got it coming. Alright, that's my time. Thank you. I'm Eddie. Larissa. Eddie. Larissa. A lot of Uber material there. Here we go. Welcome. Is this your first time on the show? Third time. Okay. Alright. Welcome back Eddie. How long you been doing standup? Almost two years Now. Two years. All of it here in Austin? Yeah. I started in, in West Palm, Florida, but I wasn't there very long. I moved here like six months in. Is That where you're originally from? West Palm, Florida? No, I'm originally from Virginia.


I lived in Florida for six years before I moved here. Okay. What do you do for work? Bartend. Alright. And you still do that? Yeah, I bartend. I produce a lot of shows in town. I, you know, anything I can, but bartending is my main money Right now. How often do you perform? As much as I can. I mean, Ballpark it, Few times. Five, five spots a week. Okay. And what do you do for fun? For fun, I mean, out here, mostly standup. I like writing. I used to write fiction a lot. Back in my early twenties. I had a little like self-publishing company in DC. I wrote a bunch of short stories, couple self-published novels. That was like my main, I've written since I was a little kid.


Like I've always loved writing. How about when you're not writing or doing standup? Is there anything you like to do that's a little bit more fun? I like to snowboard. I haven't been in a long time. I used to live in Colorado. I used to go snowboarding a lot. You ever, you ever snow one wheel? Never snow one wheeled. All right. Eddie, you have any pets? Yeah, I have one dog. Okay. What's his name? White Claw. Why did you name your dog? White Claw Gay dog. Huh? OneNote Red Band over here. It's a gay This a gay That gay. Gay. Gay. Gay. Gay. Fart noise. Fart noise. Gay. Alright. Why is it called White Claw? 'cause he's all black.


One White Claw. And I was drinking white claws heavily at the time when I got him. Oh wow. A coincidence. Yeah. Right. When you're doing a a full now, what's the longest amount of time you've spent on stage? On stage? 15, 16 minutes. It's the longest set I've done. 15 Minutes set's the longest set. Okay. When you're doing a full 15 minute set, what is your opening? Usually like My Open. Like when you cut to like, when you're coming out, you know you're gonna do a full set, you know? 'cause usually, like Right now, I feel like you came out and you're only given a minute, so you jump right into it versus giving the people a, a split second to try to understand where you're coming from. Jason didn't have to explain himself when he came out. Yeah. You knew some shit was gonna go down when he came out because everything about him told you that.


Yep. You on the other hand look very, very normal. Like you said, you're a bartender. Like I totally believe it. I see it. But you only had a minute to to perform. So what is your normal opening? Opening? That's a great Question. Come stage. I would love to know, like let's say you work 15 minutes set. What is Sure. What is, how do you, how do you know the first like 30 seconds look like to you? I mean, you want me to do it? I have like A, when there's no quick 30 Yeah. Put on. Yeah. Yeah, let's do it. His opening bet. Let's pretend like I just brought you up, Ladies and gentlemen. This is him doing a 15 minute set, but not really. Make some noise for Eddie. Larissa, excuse for Eddie, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Happy to be here. I, it's a new year. Trump just got inaugurated on Monday.


You know, some people are happy about it, some aren't. I didn't vote for Trump, even though I look like this. I love with you. But I also didn't vote for Kamala. I didn't vote. And some people feel a certain type of way about that. I stand by my decision and I'll tell you why I didn't vote because I am a felon and this Is perfect. Where are my felons at? Not only did that answer our question, how you open a set, but that also brings me to the most interesting part of the interview. That was fantastic. What, how are you a felon? Assaulting police officers.


Oh, okay. I'm guessing this was in Florida. 'cause that shit don't fly out here. No, This was, this was in Virginia. This was Oh, okay. Towards the end of my time it was, I was in college for six months. I assaulted police officers and I wasn't in college anymore after that. What Provoked that dude? Because you know, you look like you could get away with something already. So why, why would you not go with the flow? It was a long, I was eating acid heavily at the time. I Oh, I thought you were just, I thought he Said as Yeah, Me too. Oh, He's just like Jason. Here we go. Was it at a waffle House? Yeah. All right. Actually, sorry.


I did go to a waffle house immediately upon getting out of jail. Hell yeah. That's where everyone goes. It was great. No, I was in college and I was, I ate acid one time for like two months straight. And I, I lost my mind. I was, I drank a bunch of Everclear jungle juice and there was a cop in my dorm when I got back. And I didn't like that. I guess I don't really remember exactly how it happened, but What did the report say? Oh, it was a 15 page police report. We were together for hours. Wow. I, I busted. I thought when they finally got me to the police car, like I remember telling the cop that when he had me on in ankle cuffs and my hands back, that that's how I had his wife on the ground.


And just being as disrespectful as possible when he got me in the car, I thought that if I went to jail, then I, or if I went to the hospital, I wouldn't have to go to jail. So I got this scar 'cause I busted my head open on the plexiglass between the front and the back of the police car. And then went to the hospital, caught a felony at the hospital and had to go to jail. Wow. Yeah. That was just pages like one through three. I don't know how many of these Absolutely incredible. You need to talk more about stuff like this, dude. That's, that's be funnier than your whatever you did at I have Earlier. That whole, 'cause I looked like this and you should follow it up with, and I didn't vote for Kamala either. 'cause I looked like this.


'cause you know, at first glance, bro, I wasn't sure. Yeah, It could have. I understand that It, Austin, you could've gone either way without, without joke. You're, you're, you're really funny. You just needed an opportunity to get comfortable in front of the audience. That's what I noticed. Like, okay. Something tells me there's more, there's more than just that minute. So I'm glad we gave you that chance to do that. Yes, for sure. Eddie Larissa, Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna keep flying through. You already have a joke book. Right? There he goes. Eddie, Larissa, thank you. It's third or fourth time on the show.


With new mc value. At McDonald's, you always get more than you expect every day. So even if gas prices go up, you can buy a double cheeseburger and add a McChicken for $1 or before game time, you can get $5 meal deals for the group. And if breakfast is about to end, get deals in the app to save before the bell. The choice is yours. And the choice with mc value is always more. Prices And participation may vary. Valid for item of equal or lesser value must opt into rewards for app deals.


Live from Radio City Music Hall. It's the SNL 50 Homecoming Concert. Featuring performances by Arcade Fire. The B 50 twos, Backstreet Boys, bad Bunny, Bonnie Rai, Brittany Howard, Brandy Carlisle, Chris Martin, Dave Gro, David Burn, Devo, Eddie Veter, Jack White, Jellyroll, lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Mumford and Sons Post Malones The Roots and more celebrating 50 years of SNL Music. February 14th at 8:00 PM Eastern. Catch it live on Peacock.


Your next comedian goes by the name of Michael Scott. 60 seconds uninterrupted for Michael Scott. Everybody makes a noise for Michael Scott. You guys look like you fuck with rap music, right? Yeah. Yes. Cool crowd. Okay. You guys remember a rapper mystical? Yeah. Shake your ass. Watch yourselves. Show me what you're working with that guy. Mystical. Mystical was my favorite rapper when I was a kid. It wasn't for the bars 'cause he wasn't great.


It was more the fact that I found out he was a combat engineer during the Gulf War. Mystical was a fucking minesweeper. I liked to play this game where I imagined mystical out there leading his troops during the Gulf War while preparing for his future rap career. And you guys, Hey guys, hang back real quick. I gotta make sure it's clear. Is the minesweeper do danger? Watch yourself. Get on the flow. All right. All right. That's all I got. Let's go. Michael Scott.


Doing good. Doing good. Some super topical mystical material at the height Of His career. Right? Some references from I think 22 years ago, or He got accused of rape recently. So I it's back in the news. It was okay. I guess so again. Yeah. But you're not talking about that, you're talking about the lyrics to the songs. That's What, yeah, I guess that's what got me thinking is Michael, how long have you been doing standup? Eight years. Eight years. Where at? California Bakersfield? I started, I'm from Fresno. I started in Bakersfield. Nice. And you live here now? Yes. For a year. A year.


December 30th. Yeah. Okay. Where, where in Fresno did you get to perform when you, you said you started in Fresno, right? I started, I lived in Fresno. I started comedy in Bakersfield. Okay. 6, 6 1. Whereabouts? In in Bakersfield? The Well Comedy Club. Okay. They're gonna, they're gonna love that shit. They're gonna love that song. Daniel Betsy. Is that the one where it's like a little cube that you stand on? Not a stage. It's like a box. I once performed in Bakersfield on a box. Oh, I did Wasn't, You don't forget gigs like that. Do you Remember where by chance? No. I remember it was like, you know, you drove a few hours, it was like a couple hundred bucks. This was 15 fucking years ago or whatever. And I got there and, and you had to like, it was like high enough to where you literally, there wasn't like a staircase or anything.


You had to like body yourself up and like throw a leg over and like, Hey, what's up everybody? And just like, be confident and cool after that. I, You'd never forget having to, you wouldn't have had a fucking chance at this place. You would've been like, oh, I guess I'm standing next to a box for this performance. It was so fucking weird. It was like, God, four and a half feet up in the air. I'm like crawling up this fucking, alright. So from, so grew up in Fresno, first time performing was in Bakersfield? Yes. And then you went to to Los Angeles? Yeah. My, my parents lived there. Okay. In la? Yeah. Yeah. What brought you out to Texas?


I was dating a girl. She got a transfer for a job. We moved out here, we broke up. And then, yeah. Now how Long were you able to make it last? Jesus, this bitch from Dallas is losing her mind slowly throughout the show, becoming more and more annoying. Why did you gasp like that lady? Yeah, it's okay. You can answer. You wanna make noises during the show? These are the repercussions. Why'd you, why are you making noises about them breaking up? Oh, I just met everybody moving. Everybody moving to Dallas. I don't live in Dallas. Nobody's moving to Dallas. Literally. Nobody wants to move where you live. Nobody. Even the people that have to for work don't want to move there.


I like Dallas, but nobody's moving there. So control yourself or else you're gonna get embarrassed again. Like it just happened. Yeah. All right. Let's go back to you. Yes. So how long were you able to make that relationship work in Austin? Eight months. Eight months? Okay. Where do you think it went wrong? Is this a white girl? Yeah. God. Damnit. I knew it. How did you know? You wanna know how I know? You know how Cam couldn't do an impression of a white person? I don't think Michael can do an impression of a black person. I'm a white guy that was raised in an all black neighborhood.


I have a good ear and eye for these things. Michael Scott, We did this the last time I was on tape. Oh, we Did? This makes sense. I I'd imagine so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like if you close your eyes, he is a white guy. Everybody close your eyes. Michael say some nice things. Thank you for calling customer support. And he hasn't Said the N word once. No. No. If You remember from my last set, I don't say the N word. I say duwell. It sounds Okay. No one remembers your last set. Pretend like that never happened. How long ago was that?


What Sam Talent episode? 6, 6, 8. I remember. Okay, So that's about July A year ago of July. End of July. Okay, fine. Yeah, Like a couple months ago. Okay. Wow. Oh, DI lost D Madness. Holy shit. All right. Huh? Oh, Jon Deas giving you permission to say the N word. He wants to hear you say it, My nigga. What's up? Wow. Shit. I guess I'm allowed to say it now too. Oh, I I, I didn't, my god kidding. Alright. Oh my God. I know.


Michael, what do you think is the blackest thing about you? You All right? We did this, we go this last time. Okay. Yeah. Hmm. Oh, a woman out there just yelled to dance. Can you do dance like a black guy? No. Let's see this. Gimme some music here. Come on. Play some mystical guys. I have A bad knee. I, I swear to God I Can't. I swear to God I have a bad knee. I can't dance Right now. I swear to God. My, I tore my achilles tendon. Come on. Hey, hey. Oh, there's the lighting Change. They want me to say danger. Oh shit. White guy. Go white guy. Go white guy. Hey, what do you want?


Welcome to white dance party Dance. It's the Carlton Purple. Oh, alright. Right. It doesn't, oh my God. My grandma's Gonna kill me. You let you dance for those white people. That's What she's doing. I bet that's exactly what she sounds like too. What in the world would put you in that conundrum to where the white people are asking you to dance for them? My dear Sweet Michael Scott, your name is whiter than anything about you. By the way. My mom was gonna name me Jar, actually. Like Wow. Not Jared, not Derek, but Jar. Well, so I'm Michael Scott the second my dad is Michael Scott.


Wow. Yeah. Jerick Jerick should Be named Donald. 'cause you dodged a bullet there. My middle name is Don L And he danced like Donald Trump. I'm like, you Kind of danced like Donald Trump. We know who he voted for. He, he's like, I could totally dance like a black guy. Oh, Michael, I love it. So did this white girl break your heart here? Yeah. Yeah. She did explain to us kind of how it happened. That's Right. That, that that's what triggered this whole thing. Yeah. It's the white girl. Yeah. Oh man. You guys are, we're back. You guys are really trying to kill me. No, man. Me just trying made me dance on my bag leg.


All right, let's do this. Wow. Yeah. You guys actually know her. You dated a comic. Michael, can you answer the questions? I, you, we, we. Okay, go ahead. We know a lot of People. You dated a comic. I'm work. Yeah. Wow. Oh, she's a comedian. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It doesn't matter. Can you tell us how she broke your heart? If You'll stop talking. Yeah. Lindsay Tyre. This is an Unbelievable interview, Michael. It's ridiculous. We talked about this last time. We talked about this like fucking ant Stick to the questions here. You're on my show? Yes. Okay. How did she break your heart? She started dating another comic. Started talking to another comic while we were dating.


Told me they were friends. And then Did they Do a little writing together? No. Oh God. Are we gonna start doing comic puns? She segued her vagina onto his microphone. She, She opened her mic. She opened How recent was recently? Was this, sorry. If we're shooting on you Right now, what? How recently was this? The eight month? February. So almost here. Valentines Day? Or you're Over at eighth? I remember it was the eighth. Damn. And it was on the way to KILL TONY. We, we broke up in the car about to get out the car to go to poor choices for the, for the money.


Wow. And did you continue to stay in poor choices that evening? Oh Yeah. Yeah. Did you Leave? I honestly, yeah, I did sign up that night and I still stayed and I stuck around and night And she signed up and stayed. So you guys are kind of like at the bar, just like looking at each other, like Yeah. And You still run into her, huh? Yeah. Ugh. No. We're actually really cool now. Like, it's funny. It is like we're we're cool as shit. Now Is she still with that other comedian guy? Yeah. Yeah. And they seem happy together? Yeah. And dude, I, we hang out all the time. We're Is he a Black guy? No. Wow. Could not be the opposite. It could not be more Opposite. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. Once you go black, you never go back.


But if you go Michael Scott, You can go anywhere. You'll try a lot. I just want somebody that can dance. How'd you hurt your knee? MMA. Oh wow. Look at that. What? Well, he, he could fight dude. Careful before. Yeah. This is incredible. Yeah. Before I did comedy, I was a fighter for, yeah. For a while. For a good while. Oh my goodness. Wow. Did was He's goo. I I see him spinning quick. Yeah. What kind of a fighting were you doing? Jujitsu was my specialty. Purple belt.


Yeah. But yeah, I love kickboxing. I love to kick. Yeah, just, I keep breaking. I'm, I keep, I'm fragile. I keep breaking. Aw, Wow. Yeah. What was your record? Two and two. Two and two. Two And two. Two And two. I started off great and I kept, I had a habit of taking fights on short notice. Every promoter knew they could just call me Old John. Straight off the couch. Broken bones Jones over here. That's fucking solid. Yeah. Yeah. It's just they, so I never went pro I was an amateur. Amateurs don't get paid. But if you're willing to take on anybody, like they, you get paid a little bit under the table.


So I would get like timely. So you made a little bit of side cast then? Yeah, so I would make 400 a fight. Promoters knew they could call me, but I took my, I started off two and oh. And then I took my last two fights, six days notice and then eight days notice. And I got my eyes just Cannot, For the life of me picture this, like did, would you do your walkout with like the gloves and your glasses still on? You hand them to your coach right As you get in the octagon. Really? Yes. I, you walked out with your, you would be four and Oh, Right now, if your opponent didn't see you walk out with glasses. If, If I could get hit in the eyes and my contacts wouldn't fall out, I would, yes, I would be on the Field.


You fought with contacts in. I did that one time and then I got hit and it, I felt it. Of course I felt it under here. And then, yeah. So what I would do, I never would fight with him. I'd just hand it to my coach and then I have him lead me to the cage. Your Eyes don't seem that bad with His glasses on, by the way though. Like, huh? Your eyes don't seem That bad with This. I still think D Madness would beat the shit out of you Right Now. Was did your, were your medical bills ever more than what you got Paid? Always. The thing is, is amateurs don't, amateurs don't get paid with anything. Anytime you're starting off, you're always like, yeah.


Yep. Like when he had to get on that box. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And I basically paid the same amount for gas. That what I, to get me there and back. And We just wanted the time You'd be paying for your medicals just to be licensed in California is like, back then it was like, I think it was like 400 bucks or so, or Yeah. It's like you're paying out of pocket to get your ass kicked and then if you have broken bones, you're paying for that too. That's just how it was. So I never got, I never went pro. It was just I, yeah, It sucks. What are your future goals, Michael? Other than I work at Hotel Ella, I don't know if you guys ever heard of it. It's hotel here in Austin.


It's a little boutique hotel. I work Is that, I'm a Valet. 35. Yeah, right off at 35. Is That connected to that new sushi joint? No. Oh, Okay. No, there's a new all you can eat sushi joint that's fucking Oh, ACHI sushi. Unbelievable. Yeah. So that's not that hotel? No. Oh, okay. How am I? No. Oh Yeah dude, you're about to be in love. I've gone like three times in the past two weeks. It's, it's brand new left out Of a food convo. This is funny, Man. Yeah. They have a full size transformer out front too. Shit. For you to like stare out when you're digesting afterwards. Amazing. Which transformer Bumblebee Or something? It is. It's Bumblebee. Oh, you've been there? Oh, a man known for his heavy protein intake. Big Mike, Michael Gonzalez has been there.


Bumblebee's A Volkswagen. All right. Well Michael, congratulations. You already have a joke book. Yes. A big one. There he goes. Michael Scott. Everybody we're flying through it. Damn. That was a long interview. Yeah. We're getting to know a lot about these people tonight. Makes some sense. And you didn't Know you had a fighter here. That's Crazy. He did not look like a fighter. He's got, yeah, I feel bad for some of the jokes. Like, Woo, He's gonna catch me in the Back. That is one of those FLUFFY, that is one of those wild situations where you never know who you're talking shit to. Notice I got a knot a lot nicer after he said he is a amateur fighter purple belt. Normally if you see a black guy with a purple belt, he's a pimp.


Alright, that's a joke I was gonna do earlier. But the time passed. But I got it out. That's good. Alright, your next bucket pool goes by the name of Yale ez, Yale Es, perhaps Yale. Thank you. I've been getting into a lot of arguments recently. Most recently with my girlfriend. She snatches food off of my plate all the time. And her excuse is always, well, come on, there's no yours or mine. It's all ours. I'm like, well, if that's how you feel, why do you get so upset when I try to put a thumb in our butt hole?


I also got into it with a friend of mine. I thought she was telling me a joke. She told me that her cat had feline aids. I didn't think it was real. So my first thing that I said was like, I didn't even know your cat was a slut. And she goes, that's not how they get it. That's not how they get it. And I was like, what? Did you get it from sharing needles? What are you talking about? And she was upset, but she shouldn't have named her cat Meow Johnson. So The irony, wow. All the timing on that. The timing on that. An amazing minute. Thank you. It's like me.


Was the punchline at the end of that? Yeah. That's fucking perfect. Magical. That is so Perfect. Dude. This is your first time in the show, right? Yes. Yes it is. Welcome. Yale, how do you say that last name? Reams. Reams. Welcome. Welcome. How long you been doing standup? About four years now. Where At? I actually just moved down from Columbus a couple weeks Ago. Beautiful. Congratulations. Do the funny bone up there or No, they don't let me in there. It's The thumb joke. I know the owner. He don't like jokes like that. Anyway. Yeah. I, I thought that was funny man. That was hysterical. Thank you. Thank you very much. Why didn't they let you into the funny bone? They let me in for like the competitions. They do like the new comics competitions and they, Stuff like that.


They, he kind of books that they, They pass you. He's a control freak freak. They book one person every 12 months to host. Right. So it's just, Yeah, you're waiting around For nothing. It's, it's too many people, not enough spots. Exactly. A lot of these big cities, a lot of cool big cities like Columbus just simply don't have a real scene. So How long have you been here? Moved down here in December. The fuck was so funny about that. There's some cool big cities that don't have a real comedy scene. Columbus admittedly where we have lived, like if You wanna make money, open up a comedy club in Columbus. It's true because there's only one. Really? Yeah. I mean my hometown club there was, they had the new one called The Attic and that one was like struggling for a while, but they're finally turning it around.


Yeah. Okay. How long have you been here? December? I moved down in December. Nice. You love it already? Yeah, It's fun. It's, I love the fact that I can do a shitload of sets, even if they're shitty open mics. Hell yeah. I love that. I can do a bunch of sets in a night. Well, I'm sure people are recognizing how funny you are very quickly. How much material do you think you have? That's as good as that minute. I could probably do 15 to 20. Nice. Have you done that length of a set before? Yeah. Okay. Awesome. What do you do for work? Nothing. Right now I'm on the job hunt. Okay. What did you do in Columbus? I used to work for an engineering firm. I used to do construction.


I sound well paying stuff. Yeah. That's not like I, I, there's a reason I don't work for 'em anymore. They realize their mistake after a year and they were like, oh, this was a bad idea. You clearly have some stuff you need to get off your chest. Yeah. Hey, Were you able to save some money from those jobs? How are you surviving? I have a rich girlfriend. Oh, Okay. Look at this. God bless America. What does she do for work? Engineer. She's a real engineer. A real Engineer? Yeah. Oh my goodness gracious. Does she have glasses like yours? No, I think they're, I mean she has glasses.


Yeah. Yeah. You can't even see, you can't even tell you've never looked at her. They're not as cool as these ones though. Never looked at her eyes before. How long have you been with her? About four years now. And she moved here with you? Yes. So if everything goes on pace, if everyone's girlfriend leaves them after eight months here, so you have about six months left with her. What are you gonna do for work then? Motherfucker Fucking DoorDash. I dunno. No, I'm kidding. I love it. And you love her? Yeah. Sex life is active. Sure. Yeah. Sounds like it. Hold on, you missed it. There was a soft Sure. That happened right there. No, I got fat as shit. I gained about 50 pounds, so.


Okay. Did she into it? Is she like, oh, you're like a bear Now? She's into it. I just end up saying I'm sorry a lot and Okay. Because what happened when you got fat? You kind of like, you like to be on bottom more. I Don't want to fuck anymore. It's really Explain to us what that's like. We've never really had this conversation with a guy. Okay. Who's a gold digger that went from skinny to bigger. We've never really gotten to have this before. Yes. When women are gold diggers, they have to stay in shape. Yeah, I know. I went from gold digger to Golden Corral. There you go. I, no, I just, I gained, we both got too lazy and happy and we both got Fat.


Oh, she got fat too. Yeah. Oh, you're in great shape then. Yeah, we're fine. We're Fine. As long as the woman who you're using for money also gained weight, then you're even Stevens the only person who loses here is your mattress. So what do you think contributed to you and your girl both getting big? I, I don't know. I think love just looks a lot like giving up. I don't know. I don't When did you notice that you were having problems in the bedroom? Was it immediate? Was it a slow burn? Is there anything that you're doing to overcompensate? Are you having trouble getting erect?


It's because I will tell you we are sponsored by BlueShield. We can make you hard as a rock. Try your first month of blue chew free visit a blue chew.com for more details and important safety information. I love Blue Chip. We know, we know you do red band, red band does it just to have something to snack on sometimes.


Yeah.


This episode is also brought to you by Shopify and Talkspace. I forgot to say that earlier. I was actually supposed to say that.


Is there anything that you're doing to help the situation? Are you eating as much pussy as you are? Fast food. I eat way more pussy than I do. Fuck. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. Tell us about that. Tell us about your process there. Is there anything that you do? Is there anything that you've learned? Is there, is your, is there an evolution to your pussy eating or do you eat pussy the same way you did the first time you ate it? No. 'cause every pussy's different. Okay. Well yeah. I thought you were only with one woman here. You might need to literally start looking for a job. I thought you meant the first time ever. Sorry. Okay. Yes. So tell us about your evolution of pussy eating as you've gotten fatter.


I like Sometimes, Why don't you look at me when you said that motherfucker. Hey, can I order a drink since we're talking about frigging eating pussy here. Another tequila for my Dear. Yeah, please. Thank you. I feel you run all these questions, by the way. Hey, you asked me to be on the show. I didn't know. Can I get some of that medication too? You want some, What Is this? A nicotine pouch? No nicotine from our friends over at nicked NYKD. I don't have a problem with cigarettes, man. What's that other, the pill? Where's the pill? Oh, blue Chew. Yeah. Oh. We don't actually have any on us. We were reading off of the, Nevermind. I love the party though. Can I have a, a tequila and erection please.


Hey, I got plans after this. I Got your back, bro. Don't worry. I, I love it. So again, tell us how you eat pussy. Let's hear about it. Let's Get the spotlight on him and take us through it. The truth. The truth is I bet he's awesome man. I just don't eat it laying down on the bed anymore. I, I sit down off the side of the bed 'cause it's easier. Wow. You are just taking the shortcut in every single way. Okay, now the light is on you show us how you eat pussy. You want Look directly out into the audience. Oh wow. What? Hey guys, what is, what is pussy eating music sound like?


Yeah. Can we get some pussy eating? Can we get a little diddly there? Oh, he is already exhausted. Ladies and gentlemen. We're going through the process here. Okay. Her thighs are over your shoulders Right now. You're doing the hard lean. It must not smell bad for you to stay in the mix like that. Alright. This is it right here. This is it. Right here. There you go. Oh god. Hell yeah. Oh my goodness.


He's doing the dolphin. The dolphin move. Wow. He ate her pussy and her ash. He ate her ash up KILL TONY ashtray. That was incredible. What's the longest you think you've ever eaten your girlfriend's pussy? It's just torture. Oh God. Oh, look out my Latino, my latino horn players have heard pussy eating enough times. They're jamming over there.


They can only hear the word pussy eating 10 times before they just start soloing out over there playing some romantic ass shit. Oh, he is getting, he is. It's getting louder and more powerful. Fuck yeah. Carlos Sosa. Fernando Castillo and Raul Vallejo. Alright. Alright. Yale, tell us something else crazy about your life or that we would be interested to know about you.


Any fun facts about Yale Reams? You have a great name, very original fucking name. We had a Michael Scott before years like a billion Michael Scotts. There's only gotta be one. I mean, I was Yale reams. I was named after a guy that died, who was named after a pro football hall of Famer, NFL, hall of Famer Reems Yale. Oh, That makes sense. Since re is. No, I got that one from dad though. Right. Okay. Any other fun facts about you before we should let you go? I was in the Army for a few years. Oh, what'd you do in the Army? I was 35. Mike. It's a intelligence collector interrogator. Okay. Awesome.


Awesome. He wasn't a recruiter. No. Yeah. You've been doing, I gotta tell you, when you came out, man, you, you, you feel very comfortable, very polished. Thank you. There was no hesitation as soon as you started performing, man, you were funny out the gate. Thank you. So thank you. That means a lot. I appreciate that. I I noticed that immediately. Thank you very much. I had somebody start over earlier 'cause I felt like that was something there, but I right out the gate, you felt very comfortable. So 15, 20 minutes, man, I feel like you got more, but you know, that's, thank you. That's just me. I love, as Long as you're, as long as your set is longer than your pussy eating, I think you're gonna be okay. Yeah. Focus on that dude. Everything else will fall into place. I Loved the minute. Congratulations red band. You know, because you're from Columbus, Ohio and you're a funny guy.


I would love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. Hell yeah. And you're getting a big KILL TONY joke book. Yale reams, Ladies and gentlemen, has arrived to KILL TONY. How exciting. A real gig he just got out of this. Oh my goodness. Thank you. How lovely This is Going well, Jess. Make some noise for your next bucket poll. Ladies and gentlemen, 60 seconds uninterrupted for Sandy. Everyone. It's Sandy. Let's see what happens here with Sandy.


Hey, what's cracking KILL TONY? How we doing tonight? We doing good? Yeah. I feel like as a comedian, I have a lot in common with strippers. You know, you ever seen a stripper bomb on stage? God damn dude. Not even a dollar. Not you girl. Goddamn dude. I remember one time I told this stripper, I was like, Hey girl, you know, I can save you from this lifestyle, right? And then she showed me her bank account and I was like, Hey actually, hey, can you save me? Nah man, I had bad taste of women. I remember one time I was at the beach and I fell in love with this blonde girl. You know, I, I went up to her and she had dreadlocks. She was a surfer chick. I was like, Hey girl, how'd you get your dreadlocks like that? She was like, I've been homeless three years. And I was like, what the fuck?


Scared me, man. I could tell she was on drugs, you know? 'cause we're doing cute shit. I was hanging around with her. We held hands, we took a long walk on the beach. We played ipy. You guys ever played Ipy with the tweaker? Hey, they're fucking good, yo, they're good at that shit, man. I kept like saying I spy an orange umbrella. And she would find it all quick and then she would be like, I spy someone's catalytic converter. I'm like, what? Yeah, man, I like midgets. You know? They have a nice ass. The only thing bigger than a bitch's ass are their forehead. You feel me? Hell yeah. Sandy, welcome. Welcome. Thank you. A minute from Sandy, is this your first time on the show? Yes sir.


Hell yeah. What pot for farm were you raised at? Look at you. Pink Floyd shirt. That fucking head. Eh, I love drugs. I don't know. And I love how comfortable you are. You are super Comfortable. Oh fuck. Here. What the fuck? How about that? See hell Yeah. I, I have never snuck up on anybody. Thank you, man. It, Hey, hey black. Hey, I should wear black more often. You Look good, brother. Nice to meet you. Good to see you, man. Yeah, You're very comfortable. You came out here and just felt chill, you know? Yeah, no, I've seen you. I grew up. My family loves you. I've seen you at the Citizens Banker in Toyota in Ontario. Thank you, man. I'm from the ie so it's, it's cool to see.


I know you started at the Ontario improv, so it, so it's Cool. This is about you, bro. Yeah, no, You're funny man. Thank you man. I appreciate you FLUFFY. Do you guys have ever wondered what people from the Inland Empire Empire look like? It is These two. Yeah. I'm ask that, that is your hair, right? Robin? That is your hair, right? I think so. Hold on. And I, the only reason I ask this is 'cause it's impressive and I haven't had it in a long, It's Incredible. There's a lot there. Yeah. What do you do for work, Sandy? I gotta know, I'm a, I'm a service technician at Apartment Complex. So I do, I fix air conditioners, I do plumbing, you know, it's cool. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I love it.


So you're just walking in there stone just fucking High as hell Every day. Fucking with electrical sockets. You know how many times I've been shocked, you know? 'cause I was like, fucking, this is fucking, because I got too, can't Even imagine magic. Do you live at the apartment complex that you manage? I do. 30% off rent. They only give you 30% off. Hey, California, it's fucked up Out there. That's a lot. 30% is a lot in California. Oh, damn. It is dude. It is good man. Shit. But it's a, it's a full-time shop. Full-time. Been there six years. So sometimes you get awakened in the middle of the night and this and That. Yep. And I gotta go stop, you know, fix things. And what are some of the crazier calls that you've ever gotten? Have you ever, One time I was at B Buffalo Wild Wings and they called me like, there's two apartments on fire, can you come help?


And I'm like, no. What? They're like, Hey, let's just see if we can get the kid to put out the fire. There's a fire. Who do we call? Call fucking us, Andy. Holy shit. That's, that's how they, that's how they manage fires in Southern California. I don't know if you guys have been, I don't know if you guys have been watching the news at all. We got a fire in the Pacific Palisades. There's, there's 20,000 cubic miles on fire. Who do we call Sandy? Sorry, sorry. Millions of people. He's at a Buffalo Wild Wings Right now.


Gavin Newsom's first call. Did we try Sandy Did that. Oh my God. Can I see your gap? New some impression Again. That's Wait, wait. Hold on. I, I don't, I don't think I have one. I don't, I don't think I, because Your lips changed. Look at your lips. We need to call Sandy. We have this under control. There's nothing that can go wrong with Sandy. I mean, look at 'em. I thought it looked good. Shit. It's my motherfucking birthday today too. Oh shit.


I'm gonna light a blunt just for you. So how long have you been doing this? Three years. Last three years. January 20th. And where'd You start doing standup? The ie. So I do, you know, I do. Oh, improv. I'm always at the improv. Yeah, right there. Yeah, I started in the ie. I'm always in Riverside, just everywhere. You know, LA try to hit Hollywood as much as possible. And so I grew up, man. That's Cool. And then so you, you're living out here now or you just This No, I just came to visit. My friends live out here, so it's, it's cool. And they let me sleep on the couch for like 10 days. That's freaking awesome, man. Thank you. Thank you. FLUFFY. Damn. Never thought FLUFFY would be passing me a goddamn line. Dude, this is cool. What birthday is this for you?


So who's, It's, do you wanna take a while? Guess because people would get it wrong all day. I'm gonna assume you are. I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say he's 23, 22, 29. Wow. Wow. Yeah. No, people have been saying I look 43. I was pissed off. What The fuck? Yeah, people are like, he's the Mexican Danny DeVito. Hey, I am the penguin. Hey look, I'm, Hey look. I'm the penguin dude. Here you go. Red. Bad Hell yeah. So what, tell us more about you, Sandy. You've been asked to put out fires. You're an apartment manager.


How long you been doing standup? Let's talk about That. Three years. Three Years. That's right. That's Right. Yeah. I'm my first job. I got my finger cut off at work, so Wait. Oh my God. Holy shit. Oh crap. Oh, oh no. Oh, we have a, a lot of painters in the front row tonight. Won't do that again. Yeah. Never finger a fat chick. You know, that is the last time I do that job. Oh my God. Oh, I Got paid $10 too. Shit. Oh my God. She ate you out. That is incredible. How did you lose that finger? Finger? A fat girl. No, I'm just kidding. Fireworks.


U-P-S-U-P-S. Dude, I was 18 years old. First job ever. Fucking two weeks into it. Lost my finger and I was fucking, But how Pretty Embarrassing. What Did you, your finger exactly in and What, why is it missing? Yeah, Just a cart squished it off and I had to pull, I pulled off a glove and it just ripped it off even more as I was like, ah. Oh my God. They tried to say they could save it. They couldn't. Oh, maybe not. My God. What can Brown do for you? Yeah. So did UPS pay you well for that? Fuck no. Guess how much? Why? Why do I have to guess everything? I don't know else what's going on here. What is this circus? He got Free shit for a week. I don't know. Hey, they gave me, they gave me 30% off.


$44,000. $4,000 Apparently. Did you, did you, did you just settle immediately? No, I tried to fight and they're like, no, this is as much as you get. Even the lawyers are like, no, this is as much as you're gonna get. Oh my God, dude. Incredible. You had a lawyer, was it a lawyer off a bus in the empire? Four. So, so Cho cho, cho cho. I like that you taught my joke using bigger numbers. I went two. You went and you went. I didn't know what two was. I didn't even know you did the same.


Oh, I didn't. I didn't. I speak no. Espanol crazy because the governor of California. All right. I don't speak Spanish either, brother, so I'm good. Really tro, that's all I know. Oh my God. Or sa bro. I don't even know what that means. Oh my. A little, not a lot. Little means he is got narcotics on him. No. Are we really surprised? Shichi Gorda. Oh my God. Ro Sandy. What do you do for fun? You seem like a guy that has some hobbies. For sure. He Seems fun. He seems very fun. Yeah, Shit. Just comedy, dude. That's all I do.


Working comedy, you know, just getting that time in as much as possible. That's why I've fallen in love. What Are you doing Right now that you're not like during the day before you got here tonight to do standup? What do you do? Just to entertain yourself? Drink. I don't know what, it's my birthday, so everyone's been buying me drinks. I mean, shit. Thank you girl. Wow. Listen to the dumb bitch from Dallas. Everybody who just realized that it's his birthday because she's so deep in her own bullshit world that she found that out seven minutes after everybody else did. Oh my God. Fucking happy birthday. Please don't move to Dallas. Jesus Christ. At least She's hot. At least she's hot. I'll take that shit. Go Girl.


Get it girl. You're At least she's hot. You're High. Yeah, You're High. We a match made in heaven. Someone's about to get the lightest fingering of her life. I Use it for the clit. I just vibrate on the clit like, woo. He put 200 pu and let it vibrate on the Clint. They love it. It works. You've heard a finger bang. That's like finger poof. Wow. It's my trigger finger too. I'm lefthanded. So I was like, oh, this, You're lefthanded. Oh fuck. That is so Sad. Oh my God. I thought that was the only like, positive. Like at least it was a left hand. You know what I mean? Like, oh that's, that's probably how you got that in there, huh?


Yeah. That's all happens. What are the times where you notice it affects you the most? Other than like, obviously shooting a gun. Is it hard to write? It's hard to do my job, you know, just mixing things at work, trying to get a screwed Oh yeah. Fucking, it's hard to, right. It's hard to write. Yeah, of course. It's hard to write my, but I've always had sloppy writing. It's a left-handed thing. What else is it hard to do? Jack off, you know, don't have the fucking regular, You are truly left-handed. We're left-handed all the way, man. Wow. Absolutely. All my, all my, my, all my cousins are left-handed too, which is kind of crazy. You never really hear that. My sister's left-handed. Whole family's left-handed. Absolutely amazing. Which explains why I look like this. Probably. God damn.


Someone said I look like a witch earlier. I'm like, what that, does that Make sense? Someone told you that you look like a witch. Yeah. Then what did you go? You went, if I had a finger like that, I would be using it all the time. Oh dude. Be like, oh, Tony Hinchcliffe. You mean the Halfing index fingered guy. It would be my identity. All right, well Yeah, that's been fun, man. I fucking, hell yeah. Best birthday of my life, man. I bet it is. Happy birthday. Happy birthday my friend. Congratulations. What are you doing? Thursday? Thursday? Have a show in Palm Springs. Oh, Well I'll be Kelly. We're in Palm Springs. It's a new spot's called the Rock Gallery. It's a cool spot. Lucy k will be headlining there next month, so it's, and I'll be headlining there in think the next week after him.


So trying to just get it as much as possible, man. Okay. When do you head to Palm Springs? I'll be leaving tomorrow to get there by Thursday. Are You driving? Are you walking? No, I'm Janome. I'm hitchhiking taking Whole And carriage. I have to leave tomorrow. The show's Thursday night with the wind the way that it is. I must hit the sandy roads, Not Thursday. If I need to stay out here, I mean I'll stay out here. Shit. Fucking I'll ditch other show. I mean, I Mean it's a paid gig in Palm Springs, right? Yeah. You've been booked on it for a while A little bit, Right? So you're fine. Yeah. How about next Thursday? If You got dates, you should honor That. Next time you're in Austin, let us know.


Right? I will. Yeah. There you go. And happy birthday. Here's a big joke book. Here's some. Thank you Mr. Fuck. Here's some's. Et Let's eat, gimme et. Left hand Et. Yeah. Wait, gimme that stuff back real quick. I wanna throw, I want you to catch it with your left hand, right? Hand's up on, gimme the book back too. Let's see what happens here. Alright, here, let's have some fun. Welcome to the Moron Olympics everybody. Oh, okay. Use your chest on that one. I'm gonna put it out there. Hey, very good. Here's some more. Hey, keep catching. Here we go. Ah. Oh, okay. There you go.


Alright. There you go Sandy. Everybody. Alright, we're getting there. Let's, let's get one, one or two more up here. Make some noise. 62nd uninterrupted for Rob Edwards. Everybody Rob Edwards. You guys having fucking fun tonight. Oh shit. Make some noise for Rob Edwards. Ladies. Greetings motherfuckers. How y'all doing? You good? That's what's up. Hey. Going home for the holidays mostly. 'cause every time I go back they ask me the same shit. It's Rob, when you gonna bring us some grand babies? Which I never know what to say to that.


'cause I don't know how to put a timetable on an accident, you feel me? Because I'm not gonna do it on purpose. So they're basically asking me, Rob, when you gonna get into a car crash? Like it's not on the vision board at the moment. I don't know what to say to these people. You feel me? Like what's the math on that? How would I explain it? The math. Like what's the math on that probability? What is the probability that I knock a chick up in a red state and can't sneaker into a blue state? What is, it's not very good. I'll figure it out. We'll find a way. No, every time I talk about the Ro Roe v Wade shit, they're like, Rob, you live in California. You ain't gotta worry about that. And I'm like, nah. See that's how you build bad habits.


I'm not really with that shit. I might live in California, but I fuck. Like I live in Mississippi. You know what I'm saying? I take it very seriously. I have a Confederate flag in my bedroom just to remind myself of the situation I could be in. I gotta pull out, you know what I'm saying? And when I'm about to come and say the South shall rise again and then I pull out and nobody gets pregnant. Rob Edwards. I fucking love it. This is your first time on the show, right? Yeah, yeah. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Absolutely incredible set and amazing that you're here to do it less than 24 hours after you won the A FC Championship yesterday.


I mean, one second. You're going to the Super Bowl. The next KILL TONY. I'm Here. I don't know what you're Talking about. What Is it? I'm in Raven's gear. I lost. Oh, okay. All right. Well I mean, okay. It's really applicable for any NFL team. I dunno. So I hope they pick me up. Shit, love it. I Money you must have played, I mean sports even as recently as today at Pierce Basketball. You know, I try to stay in shape, you know I gotta try bacon. You sort I got, I can jump a little bit. Yeah, You can. What's your vertical leap? Back when I was, He know number Now. I mean, when I, back when I was doing was like 38, 39. Back when I was in shape in the move.


38, 39 inches in the air. Red band. Can't even do that in stairs. He's got, I could roll down some stairs. Tony Down. Absolutely. So Rob, what do you do for how long you been on standup? It'd be, it was seven years in October. So like seven. I Love it. Where all of it in Baltimore? Do you live here now? Well I do it, I'm from the Bay Area, so California. Okay. I've been doing it out there in San Francisco. Okay, that's where you live now? Yeah. It's crazy up there, right? Yeah. A lot of you think the home is, it is a lot worse than it is now here. Shit. I know. It's crazy. It is. It's quite frightening. And it's not even really just homelessness as much as it is like drug addicts and mental illness, right?


Yeah. Smoke Crack right in front of you. So it's, it's cool. But We saw a lot of crazy shit, man, Crew. Yeah. I'm a plumber. That's my day job. And somebody like OD'ed under my van while I was working. So I was there. Oh wow. Wow. Under the Van. I thought they were like stealing my catalytic converter. So I went over there to like stomp him out and turned out he was like dying. So I was like Right turns up. God already did that. Yeah, He beat me to it. Oh my. He beat me to it. You do not steal the catalytic converter of the Lord's. Will You beat me to it? For sure. Amazing. So you're a plumber in San Francisco? Yeah. How long you been doing that for? I've been plumbing for like 10 years. What Made you get into plumbing? I needed money. Hell yeah. Seem like a guy that's good at laying pipe.


A lot of blood in that poop up there. Huh? Red band. Our senior retard correspondent. I was like, what? I didn't even hear what he said. He said a lot of blood in the poop up there. Implying that San Francisco has an overwhelming amount of gay men and sickly men. He is not wrong. He is not wrong. He's not wrong at all. Yeah. Hell yeah. What is the worst plumbing situation you've ever had to go through That what is literally the shittiest situation? 10 years of plumbing. I gotta know. Big tall guy like you. It's gotta be crazy out there. It Is. I mean it's a lot of old, so it's a lot of old Asian money in there.


So I'm like the first nigga to go in a lot of these houses And So, I don't know. They just, I don't know. They try not to be like, they try not to be racist but like they accidentally be racist a lot of times. Oh what is they? They know how, they don't know how to talk to black people like the older Asian people. So it's like The door and Oh, Oh, you're so tall. Yeah, you can do it. I'm not gonna Do it. Oh, you mean what I did when I introduced him to the States tonight, I caught myself. I'm like, all right, make some mess. Rob Edward. Holy fucking shit. Oh, oh my God. He, he's so big in bracket. Big man.


More purple than you expected, huh? Yeah. Y'all ain't about to get me fired. Boy, You, you went the tolerance to prime. I, Yeah, that's, Yeah. Yes, yes. The old typical Asian accent there from Mario. Most of your crazy calls happen after hours. 'cause usually that's when plumbers make the most money is because anytime I've had issues like, you know, it's always calling after hours and usually it's for something where you have no control over it. So Yeah. I mean what Kind of things have you been called into? Yeah, on call type shit. What's, what's your question? You're asking As far as like what's, not the, not the worst situation as far as like somebody being an asshole to you, but more so like the situation, like was a shower backed up, toilet backed up the scene, the plumbing, was there something that was just sold?


Pipes will break bro. It's like that type of shit. So you just got to, you know, you go in there, shit's flooded or you know, I mean the worst is obviously like drain pipe so shit and stuff gets everywhere and then you gotta go in there and fix it. It's Just incredible watching you two talk And at no, A veteran plumber talking to a veteran toilet clogger. I, So we have a connection right here. Use the handle and stuff it down. Has he could probably show you some great ladies 10 Years. Stop flushing tampons ladies, please. Yeah. Oh they do's. That's the main one you run into. You don't, well you said 10 years of doing that, right? Yeah. Can you still get grossed out? Yeah. I mean you never get, you never get used to seeing shit. At least I don't.


So, Because I've talked to some plumbers that are like, I could eat lunch while fixing the freaking pipes. Nah, that's how, that's the level that I've seen some people get To. I'm not, That is the most Mexican thing I've ever heard. I could say it in Spanish and make it more Mexican, but on this, Oh shit, they're about to play a song or something. You keep that up fucking route. But now You're doing stand up man. Which I think is awesome. You have great timing. You came out very confident. Oh, thank you. I was wondering, I, I got long set up so I was like, I was wondering how my shit's going to go here, but it went pretty well. So What's so long? Has she been on stage? I mean I'm, what do you mean?


Like my time? 40? Yeah, you set 45. Oh My god. Actually he's been the first comic that's had a set longer than 15. Yeah, exactly. I, I love it. I would almost say, you know, my only note for you is I would put the mic closer to your mouth and kind of like use that base and that power a little bit more and fucking like for sure drive it home. A red band doesn't understand how timing or beat work. So he thinks I'm making an actual joke over here. No, this is an actual standup note for sure. Like when you're doing your jokes that you clearly know how to do and write, it's so important that everybody's able to hear you. For sure. And so it's a blatant note. I wish I could give red a note and make him funny, but it's impossible.


But I just did for you. He performs once a week at his own show. He performs once a week on his own show and puts himself up right where he wants to go. So, but you, I can make better. So, so from California, you just came out here just, just for TONY. I was in Dallas all week with my cousin and then just Dallas. Oh, but where's he from? Where was he at? Where do I live? Alright, Rob, what kind of girls are you into? Big booted. What Big I'll, I'll take care of the first part.


There's one part I'm positive of. Flat asses do not fly in the world of Rob. And you Talking about like color, race? Yeah, Sure. Exactly. Anything. That's what he meant. Honestly, the only color I care about is pink. So Absolutely unbelievable. So is there anything you wouldn't fuck, let's talk about that. Race wise, I don't think as long as you attractive and you know, Not too. Okay. How about mentally or, yeah, I don't, or shape wise. There was someone that talked about loving midgets earlier. You Would, I can't do crazy chicks anymore, but yeah. Yeah. What makes a girl crazy to you? What's a, what's a situation where you've had with a crazy woman? Tried to cut me.


So a Latina, She was Puerto Rican. She was Puerto Rican. Can't make it up. We love the Puerto Ricans. Ricans. We already know how you feel about Puerto Ricans. I mean, it is incredible. The one that tried to stab you, that's literally like their thing. Yeah, it is amazing. Don't argue in the kitchen. Don't argue in the kitchen. That's the Moment. Oh, was in the kitchen. Yeah. Stayed There. Was she make, was she cooking? Were you cooking? No, she just, I was trying to leave and she was the kitchen's next to the door. So, Well, they'll find anything if it's in the living room, a TV antenna. They will get you with whatever they possibly can find.


Perhaps a Safe proof the house, I guess. Yeah, Absolutely. So ese is only like, okay, no crazy girls, but he didn't say no to like, you know, like dwarfs or anything else. Yeah, No, it seems like everything else is off. Everything Else. Mostly normal sized women I guess is what has been the main thing, I guess. Yeah. All Right. There you go Joe. He's lying. Say he's lying. I'm lying. Rob. Seven years of standup comedy. Literally. I do believe my favorite set of the night outta the bucket. So thank you so much. Here's a big joke book. Nothing for Rob, huh? Are in town Thursday. I'm not, no. Whoa. Look at this dread band trying to give spots away.


He Just trying do it. Offer you work, but you know. Hey, How about, how about Wednesday? Wednesday? I could, I could try to stay Wednesday here. What do you, what's going on? What do you doing? What do you got this week? I got, I got shows later and then I got like court for some shit on. Not nothing. I did nothing. I did, Wait, you gotta go to court? Yeah. Thank you. That is all right. Hilarious. It's not, it's not, it's not racist. 'cause we already did this to a white person. Ask him. Wait, what? That weed is powerful. What did you do to where you have to go to court? I don't even know if I can talk. It's just mostly jobs. Just somebody suing the company for Oh, okay.


Some Shit. Oh, your witness? Yeah. Oh okay. I was there when the job was happening. So you're Good. Perfect. It was boring. I'm sorry. You're Good. No, that was great. Great said, great interview. Thank you Rob Edwards. Ladies and gentlemen, congrats man. And with that We're funny Rob, We're gonna put a ribbon on it Right now. Ladies and gentlemen, we have come to the time to where there's only one way to end an episode like this. We have a regular on this show, Ladies and gentlemen. And we are very close to finding out whether he will get his citizenship to the United States of America.


Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the Estonian assassin. Ari Mad. Hello? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I went to North Carolina Asheville this weekend. It got hit by a horrible hurricane. It looked like a post apocalyptic movie. But then I went to the hotel room and I looked at Asheville before.


I gotta tell you, the hurricane didn't do that much. Even the hurricane was like, oh shit, somebody already did this LA's on fire la Oh my God. So sad. Where are the pedophiles gonna live now? Oh My God. Where are we gonna fuck the kids now? Eat my ass LA They asked me for a dollar at Whole Foods yesterday for the relief. Fond La eat my, who's that dollar gonna go to Mel Gibson?


Fuck you. I don't feel bad for people who lost a house because I wish I had a house to lose. You know what I'm saying? I wish I got a new start. I mean I wish I had a start. That's probably the best part about being poor as shit. Huh? And renting. I don't give a fuck if I go home after this gig and my apartment's on fire. The only thing I do is I put my hands out for warmth. I look at the landlord like, huh, I guess the lease is up now. Motherfucker.


Our curse has been lifted. Thank you. Wow. Hey man. Hey GABRIEL. What can you say? This is a superstar right here. I love that you're getting all this. I'm still poor material out of the way before your fucking arena act. I'm still poor GABRIEL. I don't, this is insane. I don't have a plane GABRIEL. This is the whitest foreigner I've ever met. He Is. This is my, my love goes out to you. Ah yes.


I'm sorry. I'm autistic. I'm autistic. I didn't know what this is. I'm sorry. I'm autistic. I don't know what this is. Oh my God. So much for my show at the kids school. I'm gonna get a call soon. That is wild. He can, I am pretty sure he can do it. You guys were on that side of World War ii I do Believe.


Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. So it's like how black people can say the N word. I think he can give the Nazi salute because your people Yes to That. Okay. I'm trying to fix the situation part out. Tony, what would you do GABRIEL? Oh My God. Look What Put this on your next Poster. We're just gonna, we're just gonna blur it or something. I guess no one will ever know. No, it's hilarious. It is kinda wild, right? He, you, you can autistic people can get away with stuff that blatantly, non-autistic people can't. I've been Doing it for years. They can get away with it till they acknowledge it. As long as they don't acknowledge it, I think they can pull off anything. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I've noticed Elon, as much as he jokes around online Never says he is autistic.


Yeah. So then you can always make the case where, well, you know he is a little, eh, Asperger's. Yeah, Well, whatever. Whatever it is. I mean, doctor He Estonia though. Dr. Redband making his diagnosis, sir. It's Called the Spectrum now guys. Anyway, Ari, how's life been going? Good. Yeah, Good. I actually, Asheville was super, it was actually a beautiful spot. I loved it. Wait, what? That was all one word. Asheville. Asheville. Asheville. Asheville. North Carolina. Yes, North Carolina. It was actually beautiful. Lots of hills, lots of pretty women, you know. Ooh, those country girls. You know with calluses. Oh Wait, what was that?


Oh, you could feel it. A Rough hand. Jobb in Asheville. Oh My goodness. A rough one. I love it. Wow. I needed some relief too. Oh yeah. They have those working lady hands there, huh? Yeah. The Exfoliators. Yeah. Yeah. That looks thick necks. They do A thick neck bitch. Yeah. Wow. Love a bitch that can like carry me out of A fire. It's funny to think, it's funny to think that next week there's gonna be some blatantly that girl in Asheville's gonna be watching. No, I love her. This performance. She's just gonna be like, God damnit fall shit.


My hands and my neck Are insecurities to Me. Share out, God my Beat me off like this. You're gonna Come boy. I was like this I am. Oh. Oh. It's a shame. Nobody's gonna see this because they stopped watching after all the Nazi salutes. Now we only have the cool people. It's true.


That is true. Actual comedy fans. I love it. Ari. My god so funny. Oh, Ashley. Phil. North Carolina. Oh Yeah. She was awesome. What else? You got a real Texas shirt making sure you don't get Yes, Texas. Texas. I love it. Making sure you don't get deported in this week. Yeah, I gotta practice my accent. Dude. Ice is out to get me. I am from Texas. Texas. Texas. Texas. That's what Ice say. Just like everyone else from Texas. I don't know That he could get deported. Like maybe to like Dallas. But Yeah, that's the First. They're not really gonna kick him Out. I'd rather you just send me to Estonia. Anything but Dallas.


It's like Asheville without the Calles. Did you start off doing standup in Estonia? 'cause I know there was a comedy and you went there. I was at the show. I was on the second balcony so far. You were there at my show in Estonia. Yeah. Awesome. I remember it was awesome. You did a lot of jokes and then you left by the way, you left boxes and boxes. 'cause my former manager, Louis, see ya. He's great. Shout out Luis. I love you. He brought you out. And I remember you had a lot of merch that you just left. I've never seen a performer. Just you left boxes. I left Merch box. Dude, don't do that box. You actually do leave merch. I still have two bottles of FLUFFY Cha Lula.


That's or tap Tapit. And I fucking love it. And I swear to God I even had the look on the thing. 'cause I swear it tastes better than actual Tapit. No, but where do we need the merch? You left that here. You left it here at the mothership. You left Summit in Estonia Right now. So many. This is the look of a man that is finding out he is left $9.5 million worth of match all over the world. Somebody screen grabbed that look he had on his face before watch. First person get Fired. I Left it. I left it here. Did you left so many boxes of T-shirts that there's children in Estonia running around with FLUFFY t-shirt. Dude, that's, we gave hundreds of t-shirts.


You the whole countries. FLUFFY, Fluffy, Fluffy. You know who else is running around his merch guy up on that balcony Right now. Like, oh Fuck, I've been living my fucking dreams Meal. I didn't want to carry that shit back to the bank. You're so rich, dude. You don't even need it, dude. You don't even need it, bro. You could be performing on a box in Bakersfield. You Have it. So good. Dude. What do you need that type of tea for? Dude, look dude, it's more expensive to fucking, I found out it's more expensive to ship it to the next gig. He's gonna learned That. You're about to hear you're, you're about to hear the most Mexican accounting of your life.


Dude, I would ship it to the next city, but I'd lose my finger. No. UPS is fucked up. FLUFFY, please. FLUFFY, please. FLUFFY. I'll make it up to you. It's only $11.8 million, dude. It's all over the world. I can get it back, bro. I'll make some calls. Oh God, it is so funny to think. Literally one of the top selling comedians in the world like this is like a guy that like Forbes and shit, right? These, this is, this is like it.


And he's finding out he has merch all over the world. You understand? I'm gonna play this video in someone's review at the end of the year, right? There's, there's somebody gonna get called into an office and I'm gonna be like, just be hit play. It's like really Motherfucker Estonia. Yeah. If you go to a GABRIEL Glacier show, don't buy the merch. Just wait the next day near the arena back entrance. We give that shit away. Like we're in Africa, dude. Absolutely unbelievable. Make some fucking noise fer. Ari Matti. Ladies and gentlemen,


thank you to Shopify and Talkspace.


The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in and it is unbelievable. Let's see what Chris Rogers did. It was Cam Patterson. Ladies and gentlemen, I have to ask for a favor. How loud can this play skit for his first time on panel Gabriel IGLESIAS? Ladies and gentlemen, motherfuck Fluffy. Check out the legend of Fluffy now on Netflix, one of his many, many specials. Shopify Talkspace, thank you all Red band.


Check Out the sunset strip Atx.com. I Love you guys. One more time for the best N Band in the Land. Matt Muleing, Jon Deas D Madness, Carlos Sosa Vallejo, Fernando Castillo and Big Mike Michael Gonzalez. Thank you. We love you. Watch the Legend of FLUFFY if you haven't already, and all of his great specials. We love you. Goodnight everybody. The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now. Okay. Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.