(1s):
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY, and every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony Hinchcliffe. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.

(49s):
Hey, this is Red coming to you live from the HEB Center here, Austin, Texas, brand new episode of Count Tony. Get up for Tony Claire, who's 30 for The best fucking night of their lives. What the fuck is up HB Center?

(1m 31s):
Welcome, Welcome. Make some noise to the great Brian Redban, everybody. Hey, What a fucking Monday Night Delight. This is. What's up everyone? Welcome. How about a hand for the best damn band in the land? Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos. So Sin nachos, Bel Grande, the great Michael Gonzalez, AKA big Mike on the drums joining us tonight, the great and powerful Marcus King on guitar.

(2m 12s):
Unbelievable. Matt mulling Also on the electric, Jon Deas on The Keys. And that is indeed the one and only D Madness on the bass guitar, everyone. Holy moley, how exciting is this? How many of you traveled to be here in Austin, Texas? You know, everybody says it. Everybody says it, but I really mean it. We have the best damn fans in the world, true fans of real comedy, the backbone of free speech here in the greatest country on planet Earth.

(2m 57s):
Isn't it amazing that we could get together to hear some filthy fucking chaos on a Monday night sold out arena, second annual sold out arena the night before New Year's Eve? I'm fucking pumped. You guys know how it works. Before we get it started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.

(3m 19s):
This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, are you popping the big question? Sure, it's a huge moment, but what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red Band Tony, I love Blue Nile. At blue nile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring than you can imagine at a price you'll never find out. A traditional jeweler, You're so right, red band. You know that since 1999, blue Nile has been the original online jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry, their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they'll meet or beat a competitor's price. On a comparable diamond, your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases, even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and return, so you can make sure the ring you pick is the one. And because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your first purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.

(4m 45s):
At Sierra Discover great deals on top brand workout gear like high quality bikes, which might lead to another discovery. Oh oh, getting back in the saddle isn't always comfortable. Good news is Sierra has massage guns, ah and shave wipes too. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving

(5m 8s):
Live from Radio City Music Hall. It's the SNL 50 Homecoming Concert featuring performances by Arcade Fire, the B 50 twos, Backstreet Boys, bad Bunny, Bonnie Ray, Brittany, Howard, Brandy Carlisle, Chris Martin, Dave Gro, David Burn, Devo, Eddie Vetter, Jack White, Jellyroll, lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Mumford and Sons Post Malone, the Roots and more. Celebrating 50 years of SNL Music. February 14th at 8:00 PM Eastern. Catch it Live on Peacock.

(5m 38s):
Tonight's episode is brought to you by the yellow rose and the Red Rose. We love them, are longest standing sponsors here in Austin, Texas. They're somewhere in one of the suites. Shout out to Jonathan and all of our great friends over there, and they are having a a special deal at the Yellow Rose tonight. If you show them your ticket stub from tonight, no cover charge at the yellow Rose. How cool is that? So laughter, fat tits in your face. You get it all. What's better than that? I get that every time I sit next to Red band.

(6m 17s):
Are you guys ready to St Start tonight's fucking show or what? Huh? Well, tonight we have three guests, Ladies and gentlemen. I'm gonna bring them out one by one. Does that sound like fun or what your first guest has this year taken the show over by Goddamn Storm instantly becoming one of our favorite guests in the entire show's history Makes some goddamn noise. You know him from a lot of your favorite movies, his podcast and the Unbelievable Appearances On KILL TONY.

(6m 57s):
Make some noise for the great Harland Williams. Oh my God. An instant Legend On there. He's, do you wanna say something? Go ahead and say something. Tony, thanks for having me here. And I just want to say I have seven brothers and sisters, my brother Chris, who I hate, he's here tonight.

(7m 38s):
In the top. He told me he was suicidal. Jump you prick. Have fun tonight. And Wang Chung tonight. Hey, Let's go. Harland Williams. Your second guest is not only a hall of famer on this show. Not only, I mean he's just taken over the entire industry this year of comedy, but he is still, as of this day, the current reigning president of the United States of America. This is Joe Biden.

(8m 22s):
Wow. Oh my Goodness. Whoa. Wobbly Spider. Unbelievable. Joe Biden is here. Oh, Whoa, Those those knees are holding strong. Someone's been chilling on beaches. I'm on N-A-D-C-B-D and HPV Joe Biden has arrived.

(9m 4s):
Good to see you, America. I got a catheter in my cock. Tony, make this quick. Good to see you, Carlos. One more guest. Austin Legend, a man who I can't even believe was able to fit it in his schedule. Probably the one of the busiest human beings on planet earth. One of our favorite comedians. The legend who got this whole Austin, Texas shit started. It is Joe Rogan. Yes.

(9m 47s):
Oh yes. This is KILL TONY. This shit is about to go down three legends of the panel of this show. We're all here dozen it much better than this. On a fucking Monday night. We have a bucket filled with hundreds of names. The comedians are all around us somewhere.

(10m 28s):
I don't know if there's a section. There they are back there. I'm gonna prepo a name. You guys know how this works. If I pull their name outta the bucket, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know their time is up. When you hear the sound of a kitten, that means they have to wrap it up then or so they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear and I think we have a West Hollywood bear. There he is. It's True. Nickens Tonight, everybody. That's the real true Nickens. How about a hand for true everyone? And while we wrangle that first comedian, we will get it started with a brand new minute.

(11m 10s):
I think we should get it started with a bang, huh? What do you guys think? Some people think you should make a show like this where it builds the whole time and gets bigger and bigger. I like the, I'll ask again. Should we start it with some fucked up crazy shit? Well then I'm gonna bring up one of the greatest regulars in the entire history of the show here with a brand new Minute. Truly one of the top rising comedians in the world. This is a brand New Minute from the one and only Cam Patterson.

(12m 1s):
Well I gotta follow the star span banner nigga. This crazy Now you know I, I went back home for Christmas, it was great. My first thing about Christmas, I got a little money now, so I like to go give homeless people food and shit, but I like to play games with 'em. So I went and got a hundred pieces of chicken wings and I went to a park with a bunch of homeless people and I gave all the chicken wings the one homeless nigga. And I called it Cams, hunger Games made a ahs. Be in your favor nigga. My favorite thing was I realized that me and my family, we can't play charades. We don't play it right. It's not a good game for my family because charades, you can't really talk. You gotta just act shit out. And my uncle got a card and this all he did.

(12m 42s):
I swear to God he just went. And then my auntie went 2004. What the fuck that mean? I have no idea. My grandma just said cocaine and then nobody got it right. And I picked the card up and the card said penthouse. And I said, how did that even make sense to be a penthouse? And my uncle went, you don't get it. We got cocaine, strippers. And you upstairs That my time. I'll do that. Cam Patterson. What's Up? How's it going friend? I'm good. This shit is crazy. It is. The arena thing is becoming casual.

(13m 24s):
Yeah. How do you feel? I Feel great. I got slides on Right now, nigga. Life is good. Like pretty great man. You do have slides on every time, Nigga. We did Madison Square Garden, but this shit pretty cool though. Yeah, It is. It's basically the HEB garden. There is his feet Tight Shit Covered in socks. Thank God you can almost tell by the shape of the socks that there's some weird shit going on with those feet. I was finna get a pedic kid, but my toes need armor. I realize that. Yeah, your toes need what? Armor. Armor? Yeah. Spell that word. Fuck you Harlan.

(14m 7s):
What do you think about the young Bach? I was gonna ask bro, that whole run you did about the chicken in the park? Yeah. Is there any chicken left? 'cause daddy's starving. Okay. Yeah, I would just say the weirdest shit, man. Yeah. Coming from a guy who's dressed like he works at a strip Club in a video Game. Do you sell cocaine? Joe Biden. Why you dressed like that nigga? Because I got this on Tim. Spell it. Spell it. I can spell that.

(14m 47s):
I can spell that real easy. TEMU Very good. Ni I feel Buck phenomenally. Joe Biden got his outfit off Team, team U. He also got his vice president off Temu as well. Wait a minute, this is Biden. I thought this was Arnold Palmer for Christ's sake. In your dreams. You talking about the T? Huh? The T. The Who? The T. What's The full sentence? It's a T. Oh, the T in Lemonade. It's a Le Tea in Lemonade Mixture.

(15m 28s):
Yeah. Yeah. Arnold Palmer was also a human being. He went just tea nigga. He was a golfer who liked lemonade mixed with iced tea. Iced tea and lemonade. It's like Not the wrapper, the beverage Lemonade. It's like a lemon flavored Kool-Aid, if you will. An iced tea is a drink, not just a wrapper. I know iced tea Is Nick. Oh, okay. Sometimes I translate things for you. Would you call me the N word on my birthday next year?

(16m 9s):
I You not gonna be here next year, nigga. That's your opinion. That's you know what? You know what? No, that was hilarious. You won yourself a fruit by the foot. Tight Shit. I love it. Cam, what else is going on? Shit, nothing really. I did a show this weekend. My cousin brought her boyfriend and she 22 and he 36. So we were trying to figure that out. I thought about killing him, but he was scary so we couldn't do that. Yeah, that wasn't a good option. Have you, you met him already? I Just met him, yeah, I met him this Weekend. What was that like? I mean it was, it was strange because he threatened to kill my her brother, which is my other cousin and I didn't know how to talk to that, you know what I'm saying?

(16m 56s):
So that's going on Right now. Wow. There's a lot going on. I don't know what, I can't even make that funny. That's just life nigga. What? What's that in your hand? He gave me a fruit by the foot. The old president nigga. He just gave me a fruit by the foot. Yeah. When when you leave the Oval Office, they give you a bunch of snacks and they told That's a retirement home nigga. Huh? Nothing. They told me, they said give a fruit by the foot to your favorite new black guy. You got it baby. Buy you some shoes for your Birthday. I won't eat that man. Ron. Jeremy does the quality control on those. Who is that? He makes ice tea.

(17m 37s):
Tam Patterson. You have gotten this show officially started with the New Minute And now we roll to the bucket, the backbone of the show where we've met every comedian who's ever been on it. It all starts with the luck of a draw. These arena pools have notoriously always been rough. Oh my goodness. When I hear the pop of the crowd, I know it's gotta be the one and only Heidi. There she is. Live in the flesh. It is indeed Bucket Pool number one and it goes by the name 60 Seconds Uninterrupted from Bill Rhodes. Everyone.

(18m 17s):
Bill Rhodes is first here on KILL TONY Live from the HEB center. What's up guys? There it's, Did you guys know that in Texas alone we have 8,161 Indoor shooting ranges. That's a lot. Woo. They're easy to find. All you have to do is Google Public schools. Woo. I don't condone public school shootings. I was a teacher for 11 years. Thank you. Out of out of 11 years, nine years. My students voted me favorite teacher.

(18m 58s):
Two years. My peers nominated me to be the teacher of the school year for the entire district. After talking to my peers and my students, the local police department started referring me as a person of interest. I'm not a teacher anymore. 'cause some bitch named Amy and Human Resources didn't think my comedy was as funny as everybody else. Fuck Amy And Human resources. I know when you look at me, you're like, this guy definitely voted for Trump after January 6th. I couldn't vote for Trump. That's a joke. If you're a federal law enforcement.

(19m 39s):
I was teaching kids. If you're local law enforcement, I was nowhere near those kids. Guys. Thank you Bill Rhodes. Welcome Bill. Sir, how are you? You just confessed to a lot of half crimes there? Yes Sir. So what did you do anything? Actually, I got fired from my set on Kelton a year ago. You got what? I got fired from teaching over being on Kelton a year ago. So you did a set on Kelton? Yes, sir. That people saw it reported you to the school? Yeah, Amy and Human Resources saw it. A you're the Pflugerville guy, right?

(20m 20s):
Hu hu. I was that hu guy. So what exactly did you say that got you in trouble? Did they see your nipple piercings through your shirt? Didn't see That. They're not nipple piercings. I'm fat. These are terminals for my pacemaker Guys full of jokes. What exactly did they fire you for? I can, when I was on, before I compared, I worked in the prison system, so I compared working with inmates to working with students. So basically said the only way to get fired from either job is to fight one or fuck one. Here you get a fruit by the foot for that joke.

(21m 1s):
Sweet. Whoa. Yeah, it's fucking hilarious. Thank president. Unbelievable. Looks like you've had a few football fields worth of fruit. It's funny, some of my old football players are actually out here somewhere tonight. When you say old football players, what exactly do you mean? I was a coach, my son and some of his Were you really a coach or is Yes, sir. Like the, are you just saying you're a coach like the Wow, I, yeah, Tim Waltz. I forgot his name and I love that. I already forgot that guy's name. Tim Waltz said that he was a football coach. Turns out he wasn't dude. Yeah, no, I was. I was legit. Can I see your titty flashers again?

(21m 44s):
Dude, it looks like you had your stomach staple and they missed. What exactly made you want to get your nipples pierce Midlife crisis? I don't know. How long have you had those through your nips? About Maybe a year. Wow. Who made you do it? Was it when you got fired from being a teacher because of being un KILL TONY? Yeah. Really? Well, no, I actually, I got it done during the school year, my last year of teaching. Oh, What do your kids think about 'em? My daughter was with me when I got 'em done. That's fucking weird. You should go to Jail. Yeah. Yeah. How old's your daughter?

(22m 24s):
She's 16. I took her to get her nose pierced and she was like, I bet you won't get your nipples pierced. Wow. What a white trash off you and your daughter were having there. What's your daughter's only fans? Red band. Hey, hey, hey. Come on. Come on Red band. Come on. You can't ask. What is your daughter's only Send me the link. Call me in two years. Okay, very good. Gimme My fruit by the foot back. No, you can keep it. So what are you doing for work nowadays? Bill Rhodes? I think it's obvious he's a Greek sponge fisherman.

(23m 7s):
Yeah, that and I, I do comedy now Full-time. Yes Sir. And where, where do you get paid to do comedy? I've been Fort Lauderdale, salt Lake City, Las Vegas, Oklahoma, little Rock, Arkansas. Okay. I love it. I love it. And what do you, what else has been going on when you've been, how do you fill the daytime that you used to spend in schools? Are you still on that same sleep schedule now that you're no longer a teacher and a full-time comedian? I, I Get up early. I, I fish in my spare time when I have time. My wife works from home, so I get to spend time with her too now. More time with her. How long have you been with your wife? What we're coming up on?

(23m 47s):
Five years. Five years. How long haven't you been with your wife? 39. That's right. You're right. That's correct. So when you came home with Nipple piercings, was your wife excited about it? Yeah, she's into it. Did she suck on them? Yeah. Let's go to a clip. She needs sucky suck people. Oh, we don't have it. Needs sucky suck. Are you on my OnlyFans? What'd you fucking say to me? I like your mojo. You're a good American working hard. Appreciate you. What Do you love about comedy? Say that again. What Do you love about comedy? I get to sit up here and just talk shit and have fun.

(24m 30s):
Enjoy making people laugh. Well, how does it feel being in an arena? This is great. Like, I graduated high school like three miles away from here at Leander High School. So it's cool just being wow in my hometown. Look At that. I thought he was gonna say he graduated high school three months ago. It would've all made sense, Dude. Would you do us all a favor? Like I feel really selfish, but would you mind turning around and showing the crowd the muffin top on the back of your head? Let's see it. Wow. Look at that. Oh, you should get that pierced. You should get that buttered and then pierced and then let Joe Biden sniff it.

(25m 18s):
That is quite the flap. Have you ever tried to stick anything fun back there? I used to hold a pencil back there sometimes when I was a teacher. Let's cut to a clip. Seems like it would work. I wanna see if we could fit a medium joke book in there. Can you see if, can you put it in there and, Oh yeah. Wow. Yeah. You know what? Just for that, you're getting a big joke book. Yeah. Thank you Tony. There he goes. Bill Rhodes the first bucket Pool of the night and like that it has begun.

(25m 51s):
This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, are you popping? The big question? Sure. It's a huge moment, but what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut collar, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red band Tony, I love Blue Nile. At blue nile.com you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring than you can imagine at a price you'll never find at a traditional jeweler. You're so right. Red band, you know that. Ah, since 1999, blue Nile has been the original online jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they'll meet or beat a competitor's price. On a comparable diamond, your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and return. So you can make sure the ring you pick is the one. And because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your first purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.

(27m 19s):
This podcast is sponsored by Blue Chew. My friends have better sex with Blue Chew. Blue Chew is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. Blue Chew is putting its money where its mouth is and offering you a month free. The process is simple. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. Blue Chew tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever an opportunity arises. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. Red Man, Oh man, Tony, I love Blue Cheese. I think they're providing the best ed treatment out there. Does it work buddy? Find out for yourself. With a month free, you could be missing out some of the best sex of your life. Ooh, disgusting. Congrats Red band. Make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options of Blue chew.com. And we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of Bluetooth free. Visit bluetooth.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Bluetooth for sponsoring the podcast.

(28m 35s):
We're gonna go back to the bucket in just a second, but before we do, we have the return of an old character on the show. Someone that we haven't seen in a very, very long time because this young buck, who's gonna do a new minute, put his golden ticket on the line a year ago versus Hans Kim and lost in a best out of three super tournament minute by minute competition. This is the long awaited return of former golden ticket holder Rick Diaz.

(29m 28s):
All right. I, I went to a nightclub and the waitress told me, be careful 'cause people have been getting drugged. And I was like, oh no. Then I went to the toilet and at the urinal next to me, there was a guy peeing and he was staring right at my dick and I noticed, 'cause I was staring right into his eyes. Yeah, We don't talk much in my family. We don't talk much. We don't even have a group chat.

(30m 8s):
I tried to set up the group chat, but everyone in my family was, there's already a group. I dated a girl for a while and one day she gave me a 20 by 20 Rubik's cube, 20 by 20. And she told me, if you manage to solve this, I will suck your dick. It took me all night to Unglue and Reg Glue. Thank you very much Rick Diaz.

(30m 50s):
It's been a long time. Rick, How's it going? It's been a long time, sir. Welcome. Welcome, welcome. You. Thank you. Look exactly the same. Just as thin and malleable as ever. I am Beautiful, breakable piece of human flesh. I am very brittle. Absolutely. I don't know what it is with your physique, but I wanna make love to you in a corn maze. This can be arranged. I was fucking around guy. I was not. Okay. What time and what field?

(31m 32s):
I will find it. We'll find it. I'll send you a John Deere letter. Oh, please sir. Do so. I love it. So Rick, what's been going on? Anything crazy? A few things have been going on. I went shooting guns for the first time. How far back did you blast? First shot? Bam. Dislocated my shoulder. Yeah. They made me fill out a mental health questionnaire and according to American Gun Laws, I'm stable. So was the guy before you tit.

(32m 15s):
That's mean. I thought Canadians were nice. It's wrong. Yeah. President Biden, what do you think about America's current gun laws? Hey, Well, you know, everybody's got a, you know your body, your choice, right? I mean, clearly. Look at you. You look like fucking Gumby. What's your diet like? What'd You have? What'd you have for breakfast this morning? Nothing. What'd you have you have for dinner two years Ago? Nothing. What does your come look like? Transparent. No further questions, Tony. Right? I love it. Well, what else? Anything else, Rick? I have some News.

(32m 56s):
Okay. Yeah. Thanks to you and Red Band and Harland. I can now work in the United States. Wow, look at that. Yeah. Yeah. It's all thanks to you. I tried to reach out. I was, you know, doing all my paperwork and all the application and I wanted to message you to update you on how I was doing before I got my papers. And then I see you at the Trump rally and I'm like, oh no. Yeah, I'm getting deported before I got ported.

(33m 38s):
Yeah, but the thing is to come to the country, you have to go through immigration lawyers. And the first law firm I got in touch with refused to work with me because they said that Tony Siff is a racist and they wrote a little letter. Do you want me to read it? No, we're okay. All right. Is it A, it's a good letter. Is it a good letter? Yeah. Okay. Sure. Read the letter. All right. It's definitely nothing I've never fucking heard before. Alright. How long is this letter? No, I got it. Don't worry about it. It's gonna be short enough.

(34m 19s):
My staff recognized that your primary purpose for coming to America is to work with Tony Hinchcliffe. Sorry, red band. Apparently co-creating the biggest podcast in the world was not recognized by these people. Yeah. Tony Hinchcliffe, a comedian whose work has a strong connection to racist material. Tony's not racist. He's about as racist as he's gay. It's actually true. Yeah. I seem it from far away.

(34m 59s):
Then you get to know me. Yeah. And I'm not at all quite the opposite. Exactly. I actually ask Chad GPT, he's Tony Hinchcliffe racist. And Chad, GPT said there's no sufficient evidence to support the claim that Tony Hinchcliffe is racist. That's good. Here comes a twist. Then I also asked about Redband. Okay. And Chad, GPT said, there's no sufficient evidence to support the claim that Brian Redband is a comedian.

(35m 39s):
Oh. Oh my God. Look At that. Oh, N word. N word. N word NI owed you one. This guy's gotten cocky since he's legal, huh? Yeah. You watch it. I got two more weeks in office. I could get you deported. Motherfucker. You just closed the government so, huh? That's three hours ago news. Sorry. You don't know what you're doing. So Is that the end of the letter Now? You want more? Is there more? A little more. Is it worth it? It's pretty worth it. Okay. Rick Diaz finishing the letter.

(36m 19s):
Any second now? Yeah. As an employer, I do not want my staff to have an ongoing relationship with his staff. Well, which is crazy. Obviously they had no idea that Heidi was working on the show. 'cause we all want an ongoing relationship. Yeah. And Heidi is now getting a restraining order. Yeah. Is that it Rick? I have two more. Okay, let's go. Jesus Christ. I know, I know. I wish you the best in your work and aspirations in the American market, the market that is most befitting for your art.

(37m 6s):
I guess the most befitting American market for my art is a motherfucking arena. Arena. Yeah. Screw that law firm. Exactly. You almost had a bunch of stupid liberal lawyers. Yeah. Then I found lawyers that wanted money. Well, Rick, you did it. You made your return. Congratulations. Thank you very Much, John. Ladies and gentlemen, I appreciate you. Back to to bucket we go. Great job. Wonderful. Great job. Alright, your next bucket, pool bucket. Pool number two goes by the name. Oh, there's the great Valerie v Heidi with some drinks.

(37m 47s):
You gotta love it. These ladies have been with us through many arenas. Now how about another hand for Heidi and Valerie? Huh? All right, your next bucket Poll 60 seconds uninterrupted. Going to Thomas E. Miller. Thomas E. Miller, everybody. And here we go. One more time for Thomas Miller. Hey Austin. I work in a massive warehouse and my job is as a problem solver. And what I basically do is I'm the high priest of the Internet's most fucked up things.

(38m 31s):
Basically, I come into work one day and I see this thing just staring at me through what I can only describe as an abyss of desire. I pick this thing up to try to figure out what the fuck it is, and I kid you not, it's 65 pounds of just pure straight silicone sin. I this Thing. Hold on a second, Thomas. Guys, I forgot to say this earlier. Save your booze until the end of the set. Keep going, Thomas. It's also not Thomas, it's Jacob. Talk Right into the talk. Right into the, Okay.

(39m 11s):
Tap the mic. Okay. You Got his name wrong. So there's, there's this giant, It was a very Thomas thing to do right there. Apparently. So you Go ahead, David. Damn. Okay. Okay. I'm digging myself a hole. So the warehouse I work at, there was this, fuck, so, so I, yeah, I'll, I'll cancel it there. See if I can save myself in an interview. Come on, Thomas the train. Keep going. Keep going. Okay. Okay, so I Do, So you are Jacob Acklin?

(40m 1s):
Yes. Is that correct? Okay. Yeah, I was grown off. I was like, Thomas, I was like, No. Yeah, we pulled two names. Okay. And I guess we sent you out in the wrong order. So Are you okay Man? You Look like you're freaking out. Just yeah, a little bit. I'm, Have you ever done meth? You know, maybe after tonight. Maybe after tonight. I'll try out. You should try out. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it can only go try out once I, I don't think I can get worse than this though, man. You Need some confidence. You need something to give you unreasonable confidence. I should have done a couple lines, I think, man. Yeah, Let's try it once. So Jacob, let's talk about it.

(40m 43s):
How long have you been attempting standup comedy? You can probably guess. This is my first time. Okay. Ever been upset? What? What did you try to talk about tonight? What was the goal? The goal Right into the tip of the microphone. Okay. So the goal was basically to talk about this sex story that I saw at work. And it was basically 65 pounds of just What? Just, just straight female bits. Basically. High, high thigh to low torso. Wait A minute. 65 pounds and It's That big. Yeah. What the fuck is it made outta Giant, straight silicone. I don't know what they put in there to make it so heavy, but it just straight silicone.

(41m 23s):
I the Amazon or the, I work at Amazon and I had to weigh that shit out. Not Anymore. Yep. Yep. Gotta have to find a new job. It's 65 pounds. Yeah. Or 65. I had to weigh it out because like problem solver, basically I just have to make sure if something's at the wrong warehouse to send it to the right warehouse, You gotta go to the correct rubber pussy warehouse. Yeah. Apparently we only carry flashlights about this big and we have to send it to the one next door that carries flashlights this big. So, you know. But the joke that I was getting at was basically you try to take that through TSA, they'll stop you for having way too much liquid.

(42m 4s):
Then you'll be sitting in the security line trying to scrape out the, yeah, What the fuck. Not it, Try meth, try it. You, you sound like me. And a couple melatonin. Yep. Yep. Jacob, what do you do exactly for a living? I, I do work at Amazon. I'm a just a warehouse associate, so Not anymore. I, yeah. Yep. Yeah. So What do you do for fun? I worked a lot before or when I had a job. I smoke Jesus fucking Christ. Yeah. Yeah. What made you wanna start standup comedy tonight?

(42m 48s):
In an arena? Not having a joke, a story, any hobbies or anything about you in the world? What made you choose like, I'm gonna go up there and I'm gonna not show them. Yeah. What made you like come up with this idea of like maybe if I go up there and do everything backwards, this will be great for everybody. Dude. Dude, he doesn't need it. He's got personality. Oh yeah. Well, I mean, it was my first KILL TONY show. I kind of was writing a minute or I thought I was, but There he goes, everybody, Jacob. And you can't make it up. I implore you not to sign up for this show as a spur of the moment idea.

(43m 32s):
Last second of the fucking arena. Just don't start on an arena, please. Good god. That's the American dream right there. They're playing funeral music. You gotta love nachos. Bel Grande, the Mexican arm of The KILL TONY Band. We keep them all on a separate border over there. Oh, nibble. Whoa, Mr. President, good day.

(44m 4s):
This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter Guys. I'm a boss and hiring is important and me, according to research, a major challenge that many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. And it's a tough hurdle to overcome because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applications. Well, if you're an employer who can relate, I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And Right now you can try ZipRecruiter FOR FREE at ziprecruiter.com/koni or Red Band. Tony ZipRecruiter, one of our oldest sponsors. We love ZipRecruiter. They're the best hiring site out there. Did you know ZipRecruiter? It's the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter's Smart technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? That is nuts. Red band and I love nuts. ZipRecruiter's Powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself, just go to ziprecruiter.com/ KILL TONY Right now to try it FOR FREE. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger. A picture, perfect sunset or cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/koni. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire

(45m 35s):
this podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, are you popping? The big question? Sure. It's a huge moment, but what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. Red band Tony, I love Blue Nile. At blue nile.com you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring than you can imagine at a price you'll never find at a traditional jeweler. You're so right. Red band. You know that since 1999, blue Nile has been the original online jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they'll meet or beat a competitor's price On a comparable diamond, your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns. So you can make sure the ring you pick is the one. And because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your first purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.

(47m 2s):
Okay, well we have a professional comedian who won this spot on a normal Monday taping at the mothership of KILL TONY. He did so good that I said I want his first time in an arena to be tonight the 30th of December, 2024. This is one of the top future comedians. A buzzworthy door guy at the mothership. This is a brand new minute and the second ever appearance by law. Coger everyone. This is law. A whole different vibe than Jacob.

(47m 44s):
So I'm glad, I'm glad schools abandoned racist books because my white middle school teacher would read the N word out loud from a book he wrote The Adventures of Huckle. Nigga, nigga Nigga. Yeah. My my favorite type of women are the ones with a lot of tattoos because I also have been molested.

(48m 29s):
Yeah. But I, I still believe in God. Like one time I was about to fail a test, so I prayed to God not even 30 seconds later. Nine 11. Thank you God. La Coger. You did it. Those are jokes total opposite from Jacob Lan who is just on the stage. Yeah. What happened with that guy? You were what?

(49m 9s):
I said what happened with him? You was fine. It's Not what happened, it's what's gonna happen. Oh, don't kill yourself bro. By the way, he had a tattoo of you getting molested. Let's cut to a clip. Well Let's cut to a priest. Actually it was a woman. What? It was a, it was a young lady. You were molested by a young lady. It Greatest. That's called making out dude. Yeah. Greatest day of my life. Was she older or younger than you? She was older Than me. How much Older? Like a Senior. It was like, she was probably like eight years older than me. I was like 11. Oh, so she was a teenager.

(49m 51s):
Wait, she was what? Whoa dude, you were molested by an underage girl. I was an underage boy. An underage boy? Yeah. So she was trans. What the hell's he talking about? I was A little kid. Can we bring the last guy, guy out? I understood him better. LA So she was eight years older than you, is that what you Said? Yeah. So she was like, yeah, she was like 18, 19. What Exactly did she do to you? Oh, she the greatest head. Wow. And you were 11? Yeah, I was, you know like when you growing up, you in the hood and shit. I know all about It. Yeah.

(50m 32s):
I mean, I remember getting my dick sucked by 18 year olds when I was 11. Let's cut to a clip. I can airdrop it to you. Okay. La what's your love life like? Nowadays? It's pretty trash. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah. Yeah. I think I have autism. What does that mean? You know, just socially awkward. Everybody got autism. Yep. Thank you Dr. Fauci.

(51m 12s):
Okay. Have you always felt this way? Nah. I mean, I got a, I got a uncle who's like very, very autistic and we act just alike. How much older was he than you? Oh, that guy's like that. Guy's like 70 years old. Okay. So yeah, could still happen. Keep it in the family. No thanks. I'm busy Lot. You've been killing it on this show. So fun. How's everything else going in life? How were your holidays? It was, they were terrible actually.

(51m 52s):
Tell us about it. Yeah, I don't, I don't do shit. I just read books. I just read books. I cry. Oh. Oh. What do you cry about for Gump? The ending? Nah. Huckleberry Finn The ending? Nah, I just be chilling. Like, I don't really be doing like nothing crazy, you know what I mean? What was the last book you read? What? Yo All right. It was called Yo. That'd be a great book. Who wrote it? The Hulk. I've been reading my last book was a romance novel. Really?

(52m 32s):
What's that guy? I read A romance novelle. You read A romance model called Yo. No, it wasn't, it wasn't called. Yeah, I've been trying to get like my banter up. Well you might want to start with words with more than two letters. Yeah. So, So what was yo about, what was the book about? What was the romance novel book about? It Was about like, you know, like you just meeting somebody, like it was a woman who met a guy at like this coffee shop. Some, you know, high school love affair, 50 shades Of gray. Pretty close, pretty close. And, and yeah, they just ended up just fucking Wow.

(53m 12s):
How romantic. Wow. What a book sounds like. Sounds like the dream. What? Sure. It wasn't the Bernstein Bears. That's a Great book. Bernstein Bears. Was it black people? No. It was a pretty disappointing action. It was a book about white people fucking Yes. And you're just sitting there reading it. I was just sitting there reading it. I I picture them to be black. Right? Me too. Yeah, that's what, that's what, that's what Disney does with all the movies nowadays. Exactly. They like white characters. Alright, well, well LA how did it feel your first time in an arena? It felt great.

(53m 54s):
You know, it's cool. You did, you did it la You handled it well. La Coger ladies, appreciate You, appreciate you guys. And it keeps moving along. Ooh, this looks like a fun new name. Ladies and gentlemen. Your next bucket pool goes by the name of Deepak Sahota. Deepak Sahota Bucket Pool number three is Deepak Sahota. Here he is. Everybody make some noise for Deepak everyone. So the government has been real hush hush about the drones.

(54m 41s):
Is it aliens China or is Biden looking for his son? He just got pardoned and already gone. We all know that animals are evolving. Coyotes have learned how to drive and started a lucrative human trafficking business.

(55m 32s):
As you grow older, it gets difficult to find your inner child, especially if you had an abortion. All right, I'm gonna cut you off right there Deepak. You know it's crazy. I meet so many KILL TONY fans everywhere. I meet so many people that say they're going to the show. I meet people that say they're signing up for the show. I never meet anybody as crazy as you and Jacob that have been pulled. Two out of the three bucket pools, rambling. Conspiracy theorists.

(56m 13s):
How are you Deepak? Have you ever done comedy before? This is my first comedy appearance. We're not surprised these people. Yeah, but what you don't realize is he's been in movies. Do do you recognize him? He was et No. He was the yellow villain in Sin City. Remember that? Ah, He was That's a great call. Yeah. Hey. Better than I get Dobie a lot. Yeah, you get who A lot. Dobie Gaby. Who the hell's Gaby? Harry Potter Dobby from Harry Potter. That makes Sense.

(56m 54s):
I don't watch girl movies. Glum, smigel. All of these things are acceptable. Answers us Hey F can I, can I address the whole drone thing? Yeah, Yeah, Please do. First of all, I enjoyed your slam poetry. Oh, it's funny. The abortion thing was funny. Your body, your choice. But look, the drones, it's just me having a little bit of fun before I leave office. Who cares if they fly a little low? They sniff your head. They finger your butt. Come on. It's a free country. Are you afraid of drones? Are you afraid of robots? What's your favorite color? You don't need to answer any of the president's questions. Let me ask you this. Please Plead the fifth.

(57m 35s):
Oh, okay. Thank you Deepak. I have a question for you. You kind of have like crazy eyes. They're going back and forth left to right. I don't know if we have a shot at that. Tony. I'm happy you asked That. Oh, okay. Why don't we show the people? Why don't you look out at that camera. You see that big red dot out there? Not at the humans. Deepak, look at the camera. Nope. Down, middle Up. No, Deepak. Look at me straight ahead. Those red lights Straight ahead. You see that? Fuck no. Look straight out straight Deepak. No, not. Oh my God. Look at the screen. This guy's completely fucking insane. There. Right there. Stare at it. No, keep looking at it.

(58m 15s):
Deepak straight. Look at the red light Right there. Lift your head up straight. Deepak. It's kind of tilted. There you go. You guys getting that? That wobbly eye shit that I'm seeing there? It's like he's constantly looking at a mosquito. Yeah, Biden just took President a big win. I'm terrified. First of all, let's go to our senior medical correspondent, Joe Rogan. What do you think that is? If I was a referee, I'd stop the fight. You can fight another day And it's all over.

(58m 59s):
So I can elaborate if you like. Yes. Let's hear about this. So I was born with a medical condition called nystagmus. It is the involuntary movement of the eye. So they do shake as a result of that. I have low vision. I am legally blind. Do you know how to play the bass guitar? People Are fucking booing that. You're legally blind. You Guys are so vicious. Fuck your vision, Jim. If Helen Keller walked out here, they'd stone it to death. This is an anti blind, pro autism audience we have here today.

(59m 42s):
Who fucking loves autism On the spectrum? Are you on any medication? Say that once again. Are you On any medication? No. There is no medication. You Should get on some Dr. Rogan. Any recommendations? Edibles. As strong as you can tolerate. Let's find out what's really going on behind those eyes. De Deepak. What do you do for work? Currently I am a educator. What kind of educator are you reading And writing? You know what? You know what he'd be great at though? A refer a referee at a tennis match.

(1h 0m 24s):
It's true. Well, like ping pong. 'cause those fucking eyes just keep going back and forth. You'd be the best in the game. And I be with you in an earthquake. You would be very calming. You'd be the only guy in the room with your eyes not moving around. If he ever gets Parkinson's, no one will ever know. I know. Does the eyeball thing become a problem when you date? No, they, when I'm looking at you, nothing's shaking. You're seeing shaking. I'm seeing something stable. However, my vision is 20 over one 50. So I do gotta get closer to see everything more clearly.

(1h 1m 8s):
Is Harlan moving Right now? He looks like he's pleasuring himself. Whoa. You ever been in a corn maze? No. What I meant by is it a problem dating? Like how do other people feel about it? They're like, do They have a problem getting close to you? Yeah. They're like, say that once more. Do other people have a problem getting close to you with your fucking crazy eyes? Yes, it is. I am told it's very intimidating when I do make eye contact with people. I don't think intimidating is the right word. Like My eyes do the same thing every time Heidi comes out.

(1h 1m 56s):
They were doing the same thing backstage when I was waiting. What's The, what's the, what's the closest amount of eye contact you've had in the last 48 hours? Hit me with some slow, sweet music right There. Get up there, baby. Oh, here we go. President Joe Biden. We've seen this before. Folks. We gonna do a staring contest? Yeah, motherfucker. Let's do it. You guys get to vote. The winner of the steering contest gets a fruit by the foot. Oh, here we are the second time. Biden versus Thes bi. What are the drunks?

(1h 2m 38s):
They Were no drones. It was Snookie's Uber Eats order. It was your son, wasn't it? Where are you from? Austin. What's your favorite movie Matrix. What's your favorite food? Pizza. What's the last time you said your own name during sex Last night? Wow. There's something there. There's something behind these crazy eyes. Wow. Whoa. I gotta tell you, this is one of my favorite book tosses in the history of the show. That's about to happen Right now. Very rarely do I get to warn people how exciting this is about debate.

(1h 3m 18s):
Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, you can't give them a book. The fucking guy can't read. I'm visually impaired, not illiterate. How many optometrists have you caused to commit suicide? Be honest, I plead the fifth. All right, well I plead the six. Fuck you.

(1h 3m 46s):
Okay, So the great people over at prize picks, we have found out, have set the over under. The odds of him catching this are plus 3,500. Throw it that way. I am an unbelievably accurate, a famously accurate joke book thrower. And now I will hit the chest of Deepak. Stay right there. You ready? Come On Deepak. Here we go. Whoa. Oh yeah. Here he goes. Legally blind my ass. Wow. Yeah. You wanna see Legally Blind? I'll show you legally blind. Watch this. That's legally blind right there. No fucking chance. Right off Deep Madness's elbow.

(1h 4m 37s):
There he goes. Deepak Sahota Here. Deepak Legally blind With new mc value.

(1h 4m 45s):
At McDonald's, you always get more than you expect every day. So even if gas prices go up, you can buy a double cheeseburger and add a McChicken for $1. Or before game time, you can get $5 meal deals for the group. And if breakfast is about to end, get deals in the app to save before the bell. The choice is yours and the choice with mc value is always more. Prices And participation may vary. Valid for item of equal or lesser value must opt into rewards for app deals.

(1h 5m 14s):
Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I was worried we'd bring back the same team I met. Those blackout motorized shades blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy. I installed these and then got some from my mom. She talked to a design consultant FOR FREE and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall of Fame sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. blinds.com is the goat Shop blinds.com Right now and get up to 45% off select styles, rules and restrictions may apply.

(1h 5m 44s):
That was fun. We have a golden ticket winner, Ladies and gentlemen. And this is a very, very special golden ticket winner. You know this young lady very well. One of the greatest golden ticket winners in the history of the show. First time in an arena from Nashville, Tennessee. This is Fiona Cauley. Everybody make some noise for Fiona. Everyone. Baby girls First arena. Ooh, we.

(1h 6m 26s):
This is not really cool to give someone a standing over. Oh no, Marlin, you gotta wait. This is, this is the part. One more time everybody for Fiona Cauley. Everyone. So people, they are very curious about my dating life because I think it's hard for them to imagine that someone would be willing to take all this on.

(1h 7m 13s):
But, oh, I'll let y'all know. Men fucking love women that can't run away. Y'all know what I'm talking about? Rape. I just wanna thank Tony for letting me be here. It's really surreal.

(1h 8m 2s):
Like if a 16-year-old me could see me now, she'd be like, Fiona, why the fuck are we in a wheelchair? Fiona Colley, her condition continues to progress just like her comedy. Both are accelerating at a great rate. How is your thing going?

(1h 8m 45s):
You look great. Thank you. In a great perform. I'ma one more time for Fiona. I was gonna say the same thing. She looks great, especially wearing Joe Biden's lingerie. You're welcome. Yeah. Figured you wouldn't miss it. Great job. Nice to see somebody else moving slow. You crushed it. Very funny. Thank you. Had a lot of spunk. Why don't you go over and sniffer Double dare me.

(1h 9m 26s):
A triple dog. Dare ya. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Get over there, Biden. You know you want to do it. Wow. Get over there and sniffer good. Oh, Someone's getting Sniper Biden. Get over there. Look At this mean Green Machine. Oh yes. Ah, Unbelievable. Sniff 'em back. Sniff 'em back. Someone's getting a fruit by the pointless. No, I Ran out of fruit by the foot. Harlan. You got a pack of ultra rib condoms. Wow. I love ribs. You got any barbecue sauce?

(1h 10m 13s):
It's so, so, So stupid. Ultra ribbed on one barbecue sauce. I love ribs. What the fuck? That's me stupid. Ah. So Fiona, how's everything going? How was your travel here? It was better. I got a new wheelchair again. Hell Yeah. You got new wheels. What? What's the difference between that chair and the old chair? You got a cup holder there? I put a cup holder on all of them. Okay. Someone's got a drinking problem.

(1h 10m 54s):
Drinking and driving problem. There you go. Biden. What up for the reservoir? This is the, this is the first time I've used a condom in 50 years. Joe Biden. You should cut a hole in it like your wife Did. Oh yeah. Circumcised that microphone.

(1h 11m 35s):
Hey look. Hey America. I finally got a knife from Joe Rogan. Put that on your bingo card and fuck it. Thanks Joe. Unbelievable. True Story. By the way. Jill did cut a hold of in the condom, Fully lubricated microphone for Joe Biden. It's hard to take them off. Yeah, you might want to insert it first. Don't tell me how to live my life. Oh My God. Wow. Where's that blind kit? I can throw it to 'em. Don't think it's a hot air balloon. You're so funny.

(1h 12m 16s):
What is the update on this new wheelchair? What's your max speed on that thing? It's actually slower, but it is American made, so Hell yeah. They'll fix it. So this one can be fixed. Yeah. I love it. I love it. I can't but the, yep. It's a shame. It's slower. If it was faster than your old one, I'd say you could stage dive here tonight, but there's a bit of a barrier there between you and the audience. I'll do my best. No, no, it's okay. I know how that'll go. That'll be a, that'll be a sad fall right off the front.

(1h 12m 57s):
Have you ever sat on the joystick of that wheelchair? Oh, red band. Why do you do this stick? I took the blow to that one. Hurling Through it. Thank you. Thank you so much. Nope. Don't. Nope, don't. No, that's okay. Just put it down. Nope. Don't put it the fuck down. Put it. Nope. Don't do that. There you go. Great stuff. Physical comedy during a podcast. That's a disgusting question. By the way. Have you ever sat on the joystick of your wheels? Okay. Fiona. That's why they call it a joystick. That's True. That is true.

(1h 13m 37s):
Anything else crazy going on, Fiona? Oh man. I just recovered from a concussion. Whoa. How is that even possible? It seems like out of all the people that will not get a concussion, it should be you, someone stable in a chair that probably gets laid down softly into a bed at night. What happened? I Think it all comes back to the joystick. Too much joy in that stick, you know? Yeah. What happened? I was in a handicap stall wearing these shoes, and I fucking fell and smashed my head on the grab bar.

(1h 14m 20s):
The thing that's supposed to fucking protect me. Betrayal. Betrayal is what happened? Yeah. What did it feel like? The concussion? What did it feel like? Yeah, if you could describe it to us. It was the worst job interview I've ever been to. Felt like my dad. I'm just kidding. No, no. I'm fine. No one hit me. What? Say I'm lying Right now, Fiona.

(1h 15m 4s):
You're absolutely crushing it. Tomorrow night we announce where the next arena Stop for KILL. TONY will be historically on night two. We always announce it, and tomorrow night on New Year's Eve, we will announce where the next huge arena show is. And I'd like to be the first to tell you that it is going to be the highest attendance in the history of KILL TONY. And that you will be on that show. Oh, you'll catch her there. You'll find out where tomorrow night. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise one more time. As loud as you can for Fiona Cauley.

(1h 15m 45s):
Great Job, Fiona. Great job. Wow, they're coming. Grab the mic. Oh, red band. Come on. Red band. Red band. You don't have to make that noise. Back to the bucket. We go everybody. We're gonna meet this person altogether. Even though the name kind of looks familiar. Let's see what happens here. 60 seconds going to truly joy. Truly joy. Everyone. Here we go. The comedy stylings of truly joy.

(1h 16m 26s):
What's up Austin? How you guys feeling tonight? So I just moved to Austin a couple months ago and I've already seen a bunch of fights, and the other night I saw the most confusing one, yet it was two non-binary people fighting each other. I turned to the guy next to me and I'm like, who's winning? And he's like, they are. And I'm like, who? And he goes, they.

(1h 17m 7s):
And I'm like, okay. How the fuck am I supposed to know which one he's talking about? Well, I guess all that matters is they won. All right. There it is. Truly joy. Truly. You've been on the Yep. You've been on this show before, Right? Yeah. This Skanks Fest episode. Sorry. Okay. Yeah. Good to see you again. I remember that head anywhere. Yeah. Wide, Pretty big. Yep. That is your identity, Is it? Yep. Alright. You Look like Macy Gray and Lenny Kravitz fucked and had a baby.

(1h 17m 51s):
I'd agree with that. I'd agree with that. It's a Compliment. No, I, I would say so. Two of my Favorite Spotify listens. What ethnicity are you with? An amazing head of hair like that. I'm Cuban and Puerto Rican. Whoa. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Somebody else. What was the second one? Cuban and what? Puerto Rican. Oh wow. A Cuban, what a mix, right? Yeah. I mean, time to take out the trash, you know what I'm saying? Damn. That's a zinger. You can get the time to take out the trash merchandise on your way out, everybody. It's brand new catchphrase. It's time to take out the trash.

(1h 18m 34s):
So how did you feel when, 'cause that was after Skank Fest when, yeah, yeah. You, I was in the news for calling half of Your blood Wine's original island garbage because there's a garbage problem and a garbage patch. Yeah. Yeah. So it was pretty weird. 'cause I was so excited to finally get on KILL TONY. You know? And like you say that and like my whole Puerto Rican side are like, we are not trash. We are not trash. And I was like, oh, this is not gonna end well for me. Like that's I my Whole family. That's how I felt at the time too. Yeah. Well we were in the same boat. Like It got so bad. Tony called me for Advice. You were driving the boat.

(1h 19m 15s):
What? What was that? You Well, you fucked it up. Go ahead. Did you try to explain to your Puerto Rican family that I wasn't calling the people garbage? Did you try to explain the joke at all? Yeah, I told 'em that you were a cool guy. Yeah. You know, and it was like, jokes are jokes. And I also said that I was on the show before you said that. Oh yeah. Yeah. Look at you now. What do you think they're gonna say about this? They're gonna think it's fucking awesome, right? Yeah. Yeah. They're back on the KILL TONY team. You're damn right. Seems like everybody is. What do you do for work, Julie? Well, you know, I have a house in Florida, but like, I'm in between jobs. I just moved to Austin, so like, I need a job.

(1h 19m 57s):
Yeah. Yeah. So I'm looking, What are your skills? What, what, what do you bring to the table? I would say sales. What else? Public speaking, you know, just like being in front of people. I don't know. What Have you sold? I like people before. What, what would you be good at? Selling? I was selling clothes. I, I worked at different stores, Like vintage stores. Yeah. Different things. Is That where you got the elbow list jacket? No, actually, actually no. My buddy gave this to me, but like everything else. What's On the back though? It looks like it's a gang jacket. What's what's your gang? Rose Rose Ave. Oh wow. Rose Ave Dogtown. So Like a flower gang. A Flo gang flower.

(1h 20m 38s):
Oh yeah, I guess so. Wouldn't Wanna beat you in a dark alley and get pollinated. I would, I would take you down. Dude. I wouldn't want to meet you buck naked in a garden. You wouldn't? No, I changed my mind. I would. Alright. Psych. It's opposite day. Julie, what else? Tell us something crazy about your life that we didn't learn last time you were on. How About he went through puberty when he was 12 on his head. I was in the first government funded PSA for marijuana. Wow. Yeah. I Would've thank you guys. I would've guessed that. What did you do? I Know it was like, it was, it was like, drive high, get a DUI And I was like in front of a, a grill, pressing the button, but there was no tank, so it was like, grilling high is now legal.

(1h 21m 30s):
Awesome. But getting Alright, Julie. All right. Did you get a little joke book last time? I, I didn't get any joke booked. You Didn't? But guess what? You're getting a little one here today. There he goes. Truly Joy, everybody. Oh, thanks guys. This guy high as shit. Some people, He's like Mexican. Matthew McConaughey too. Soon.

(1h 22m 2s):
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool From Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match. Limited by state law. Not available in all states.

(1h 22m 29s):
Which Manning brother will win the FanDuel Kick of Destiny three on Super Bowl Sunday. Peyton or Eli, watch the show down. Live on Super Bowl Sunday. Plus new customers Bet $5 and get 200. If your bet wins only on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus and President in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is now withdraw. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions Supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(1h 22m 59s):
Ladies and gentlemen, your next comedian looks high, but he's not. This is a legend of the show. KILL TONY Hall of Famer. This if, if you know the word sing along. This is Hans Kim, A brand new minute. This is Hans Kim. This is Hans Kim. This is Hans. Kim. Hey, What's up? It's good to be here. It's a great time Right now to be a comedian at the Comedy Mothership. We all got jobs in the new administration.

(1h 23m 39s):
I'm in charge of agriculture. Fiona Collie is in charge of immigration. She's a new border collie. Tony Hinchcliffe recently got in trouble for calling Puerto Rico an island of garbage, which is a compliment. He is from Ohio, which is landlocked garbage. I am glad Trump is in office again. I can't believe the Democrats shut down the whole country for a disease that only kills old people.

(1h 24m 19s):
What are we gonna band next? Stares. I'm glad Covid happened. It got rid of a horrible group of comedy audiences. I can't wait for a pandemic that targets bachelorette parties and Dominicans. That's my time. Thank you so much. Boom. Hans Kim, one of the legends of the show has returned. How did that feel, Hans? It felt great. After the first joke. It felt amazing. Yeah. But yeah, the second and third were great.

(1h 25m 0s):
Yes. There you go. They might play analysis of your performance. Fun. I had a lot of fun. You're lucky that people from Ohio all speak English and have a good sense of humor. Yeah, I'm like those Puerto Ricans. Whoa. Nobody said that. Jesus Christ. Hans, you're going to get me in trouble over here. So how's life been going? What's going on? It's been great. I have just been, you know, as you said when I saw you on Friday, I've just been staying at my house farting on my girlfriend for a couple months. Yeah. I recently went hunting.

(1h 25m 40s):
I was in a blind next to a feeder, so not really the kind of hunting that Joe does. But yeah, I actually killed a whole deer and it was kind of small. It was a small deer, which is even harder to hit. So I think You killed a baby deer. Yeah. Oh my God, Hans. That is not cool. Did anyone tell you how old they thought the deer was? Did they analyze the size of it? No, we just were shooting out there. I missed two. I hit one Dude. How about of a driver? Do you have to be to drive through a zoo?

(1h 26m 22s):
Do you notice? He's always smiling no matter what you, you've got a permanent like happy grin. Like, have you ever really hit like a kid in a wheelchair and you're just like, Yeah, I only have two expressions. Eyebrows up, eyebrows down. He has two, two pants up, pants down, Hon. You look like the accountant for the squid games. That's a compliment. Thank you, man. I'm pretty good at math. Hope I can count on your vote in 2095. That is true. A lot of pandemic themed jokes. They are trying to say that there's a new pandemic happening Right now.

(1h 27m 5s):
England said to stay at home. Bird flu. They're calling it, I believe this one comes from, Ah, There it is. I got it. This is patient zero right here. Just starting. Ah, Is it? Is that the bird flew, the bird that flew into the jet engine? No, I'm just, sorry. How Dare you. How dare you. So Hans, how does it make you feel? The pin? I'm sorry, I don't know. There's a billion of us. We're just out here coughing on each other. We were like, it's not a It is, it is. We're a peachy dish for new pandemics. Sorry about that. But we did give you gunpowder, so That is true.

(1h 27m 49s):
What else is going on, Hans? Anything else crazy? I recently went to Cancun with my girlfriend. We stayed in a resort. It's beautiful. It's like a whole nother country down there. I was It one of the cheaper resorts in Cancun? No, it was quite expensive. I told her I got the cheapest room and then I got her the most expensive room. It was $7,000. But That's, I shouldn't say that. I shouldn't say that. In front of a sold out Arena. I also have started playing carcass on as a board game.

(1h 28m 33s):
Oh, Carcas. Yeah. And you know, I recently was in Nashville. I, you know, enjoy having sex with my girlfriend. Okay. Wow. Hans. Just short circuited there. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let me, well one of my favorite things to do is hotel sex. What's your favorite position when you're in Cabo? With your girl? With your, with that guy? What'd you do? You spent $12,000. What'd you guys do? What'd You, you and that guy do. We did a lot of missionary. I Let's cut to a clip. We don't have it. What else did you do? We did sideways sex on our sides.

(1h 29m 13s):
Wow. She likes to make it casual. She faces the other way. Yeah. So it's just super lazy. Doggy style. It's like a dog that fell over. Yeah, It's like, it's like the deer, the baby deer that you shot. How old was this deer? I know that you went with somebody that probably has some hunting experience and they were like, oh fuck, this isn't right. I wanna know exactly how terrible a bad deed you did. It was a female baby. It was about that tall. It was like a cat. I felt like I killed a cat. Well Then it couldn't have been that tall if you felt like it was a cat.

(1h 29m 55s):
A main coon, but no. Yeah, I killed it. I did a little neck shot right through the neck. Oh, Absolutely terrible. Hans, you should never go hunting again. Sorry. You're gonna get a taxidermy and put it in the living room or something, guy. Yeah, it'll fit in a corner. So, huh? It'll, it'll fit in a corners. It doesn't take up too much space. Little, okay. It's your house. I'm gonna check in with our senior hunting correspondent, Joe Rogan here. Yeah. I want to call a game warden Right now. I don't know what the fuck you did, but this is America. We don't eat dogs and you can't shoot babies. Piece of shit.

(1h 30m 35s):
Jesus Christ. That is correct. Well, Hans, you did it again another great minute and you as always made us feel super awkward and weird during your interview card, but it's always full of insane information out there. Thank you. Shooting baby deers. Having sideways sex. Hans Kim, Ladies and gentlemen. Tony. Tony. Yeah. Can I ask a big favor? Yeah. Stop the music guys. Hold on, Hold on. Hold the music here. It's a new year I think. I want to send the message. We go into the new year helping people.

(1h 31m 14s):
This may be unprecedented, but for 30 seconds, could you bring back out the guy with the kooky eyes? I want to help him. I want to cure him. Do we have the guy with the kooky eyes anywhere? The Guy with the the kooky, wiggly Eyes. There he is. Deepak. Can We bring him back up? Here he is. Bring him back out. I got just gimme 30 seconds. I got a cure for this guy. Bring him out on stage. I want to go into the new year helping, solving this guy's. I have a feeling someone's about to get an ultra ripped condom rubbed into his eyes. Everybody. Oh, I want to help this kid. Here he is. Wow, look at that. Backstage cameras, the great notorious productions. Bring him out. How about a hand for the whole crew here working tonight?

(1h 31m 57s):
Bring Him out. The great Anthony Giordano in the truck directing it. We've never had backstage cameras before. This is actually exciting for me to see. What was his name again? His name is Deepak Sahota. Alright, here he comes. Here he comes. Here he is. Here's Deepak. Come on over. Deepak all the way across here. Come on out here Deepak. I want to cure you. Dude. Harland Williams has an idea on how to cure Deepak. Zoom in again on those eyes. Zoom in again on his eyes. See if we can get a zoom on these crazy eyes.

(1h 32m 37s):
There they are. Can we get a little bit tighter on those Little tighter, absolutely crazy eyes. Little tighter. Oh my God. Now let me ask you buddy, do you want me to cure you? Keep looking at the camera. Deepak. I'm over here. Think about it. Just say yes. Just say yes. It's fucking show business. Say yes. Do you believe in me? Do you trust that I can heal you Deepak? Give me the cure. Okay. Alright. Harland is looking at him directly in The eyes. Oh my god.

(1h 33m 23s):
Wow. Ladies and gentlemen. Scared. Oh My God. Deepak. Those actually work. That is absolutely incredible. Let's zoom in on Deepak again. Deepak. Look out there at the people. Let's get that close cam. Step up to the microphone. Deepak, step up to the microphone. How do you feel Right now? Deepak, you look like a whole new man. You're welcome buddy. I feel like a visionary. I'm telling you Right now. If we could just brown up the skin around those straight eyes a little bit, you would be unstoppable.

(1h 34m 7s):
You actually look better with those glasses on. I never before have we ever seen in the history? Keep looking out there. Keep looking straight out there. You're Never gonna make it into sin City two. Now, unfortunately, Never before in the history have we ever seen anyone put on comedic glasses and become a good looking man. These are great Glasses to challenge somebody to a steering contest in. I beat you at that. For the record. Whoa. Deep back. Just for old times sake. Put your finger on the glasses like that. Hold them steady.

(1h 34m 49s):
Yeah. Hold them now shake your head. Yeah. Yeah. Just for old times Sake. There he goes. Harland Williams has the touch of a god as he has cured. Deepak. Do I get to keep the glasses? Those are for you. You are healed my man. Welcome to 2025. Wow. 2025. Healing is alive in 2025. Deepak has been cured of his old shaky eyes. And now we roll on to the fifth bucket pool of the night. Make some noise for Andrew. Champion everybody.

(1h 35m 29s):
Here's Andrew Champion bucket pool number five. One more time for Andrew. Everybody. What the fuck is up Austin? My friend has an Indian Siri. It's kind of sketch. I was taking him home one time and he is like, I got you on the address. And it was like, it got right. I was like, bro, I'm not listening to that. It's gonna take me to an ATM machine and tell me to dump all the Bitcoin I have. And he was like, Hey man, stop hating on my Siri. That's my guy. That's my guy. Stop hating on him.

(1h 36m 9s):
And I was like, dude, I'm not trying to get kidnapped at Microsoft headquarters. It's not not happening. Put your 8:00 AM card in the machine and dump all of your bank account into the saving account. Redeem the credit card please. And he was just like, man, stop hating on my guy. Stop hating on my guy. I was like, dude, I'm not hating on your guy. Stop calling him your guy. 'cause he wasn't saying you're, he wasn't saying he was his guy. Replace your guy with some word that I can't say. Thank you. That was my time. Okay. Bunch of Indian stereotypes used in the form of a Siri to deliver the jokes.

(1h 36m 51s):
Andrew champion, look out there straight at that red light out there. And let's just take note that he has the exact same eyes as the glasses that Harlan just put on the last guy. Unbelievably just creepy, normal eyes. Ah, there they are. Bring Deepak back out. Bring Deepak back Out. I think that is, I think Deepak just put on a backwards black hat and did a new minute making fun of his own family. So Andrew, how are you? How long you been doing standup? This Is my second time ever. Okay. What made you start standup? When was your first time At the Secret group in Houston. Okay. In an open mic.

(1h 37m 31s):
How long ago was That? About a month and a half ago. And here you are in arena for your second time, which is crazy. We've had almost all first times, second times tonight out of the bucket. What made you wanna sign up for an arena for your second time ever on stage? This was my Christmas gift, so I was like, you know, I might as well sign up. There You go. Who got you this gift for Christmas? My mom. Wow. Is your mom here? She is. Did did she write a minute? She did not, but she has plenty of stories that embarrass me in front of all these people. Wow. Well your face is doing that for you. What do you do for work Andrew? I work at the Houston Improv. Okay, you're a door guy there? Yes sir.

(1h 38m 11s):
Okay. What do you love about Houston? Pretty much nothing. I'm trying to move. You're trying to move here To move. It could be on the list, but it's kind of set up for Colorado Springs Right now. What makes you wanna move to Colorado Springs? I have a lot of good friends there and you know, I'm trying to get outta the house on my own. Kind of What do you and your friends do when you guys hang out? Smoke. Yeah. Indoors, obviously In a car. Okay. President Joe Biden. Yeah. Like your bling. Thank you man. Yeah. You buy that yourself or was it giving it to by a prostitute? A A down payment.

(1h 38m 52s):
Dr. Pepper. What'd you say? I said a down payment. A down payment. How much did it cost you? It was a Christmas gift. Who was it? A gift from? My parents. Yeah. Wow. Your parents gave you that thick necklace. That's true Houston shit right there. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Sipping on faux foes. What about the bracelet? What's, what's the story on the bracelet? My guy? Hey, move forward a bit. You're kind of hiding behind everyone. I can't see. There you are. What? Tell us about the bracelet. My guy, One of them's a shark tracker. And then the other one I got a shark Tracker. Yeah. You know where like 3000 miles from the nearest ocean, right? Buddy?

(1h 39m 33s):
You're afraid of sharks? Not really. Why do you have a fucking shark tracker? Yeah. Good question. Arland. And then the other bracelet's from an ex-girlfriend. So It's what? It's from an ex-girlfriend. And you still wear this bracelet from your ex-girlfriend? I do. What fucking bitch gave you a shark tracker bracelet? That one was from my mom, but oops. How long we'll be, right? How long ago did you end this ex-girlfriend break up Pro officially, like three months ago. Okay. Did she ever give you any hammerhead?

(1h 40m 18s):
Occasionally. You know when I asked If you could say anything to her Right now, look at that red light down there and say something to this girl that broke your heart three months ago and Wiggle your eyes back and forth like you're in an earthquake and Put your head on your head like you're a shark. I love you still. Michaela, what the, We actually have a, hold on, we have her on. Why don't you look at the red light. That is incredible. Absolute spitting images of one another. Here. Put, put a condom on your microphone.

(1h 41m 1s):
You do have no, don't, yeah, definitely don't do that. Just put that in your pocket. Put it in your pocket. Look back at the camera again. Can we zoom in one more time? And can we just take note that this is what A, A parentless Shane Gillis would've looked like. Let's just take note that if he had no mother and father that loved him, this is what Shane would've been up Looking like. He should be attacked by a shark. That fucking guy. Look at him. That's pain. Gil, What's the weirdest drug you've ever done? You have very low levels of vitamin D.

(1h 41m 44s):
I haven't adventured out from weed. Do You hate vegetables? No. I actually love Vegetables. You do? Yeah. Well, Fiona Coley's backstage, so, Oh yeah. Come on. We're having fun. That guy's standing for you. Oh yeah. That's the kind of joke we like. Absolutely wrong. Stand Strong. So is Fiona Right now. She's running away. Fun stuff. Andrew, here's a little joke book. Congratulations. No glasses necessary. Sleeping with Deepak eyes. Woo.

(1h 42m 25s):
Ladies and gentlemen, Heidi, I like that guy. He is like prepo For the next bucket for you, Joe. Cheers. Hold the music. We have come to a very special part of the show, Ladies and gentlemen, as the show has progressed and we've hit so many milestones, we have been able to hit levels that I never thought before we could ever hit. And we have the respect of so many people that I've looked up to for so long, and it is incredible and surreal to bring up this next special treat. And very special comedian. He's been one of my favorites since as far back as I can remember.

(1h 43m 7s):
And I can guarantee you he's one of everybody's favorites. The fact that he's here to grace us with his presence truly boggles my mind. Ladies and gentlemen, dropping in on this show. I present to you one of the greatest of all time and the first comedian ever in history to sell out an arena. This Is Andrew Deis Clay Live and in the flesh baby. Oh my God.

(1h 44m 9s):
Test. You know, I'll tell you the truth, I didn't even know I was gonna make it here tonight. The only, you know what I mean? Joey, Mr. President, you gotta understand. Half these planes don't even take off anymore. And I wanted to be here. So I'm walking around the airport and I see this spirit air, some guy there with a, with a pit dole trying to fucking check in.

(1h 45m 2s):
And I just cut him off. And I say to the lady, I go, look, I gotta get on this airline. I see you going to Austin. How much for first class? She's going $35. I go 35, here's a hundred. Keep the fucking change. And she goes, but the bags, the bags are gonna be 750 a piece. Yeah. Okay, good for me. Right? So now I get on the plane, it's not even like a real first class. It's like folding chairs and there is no, there's no, it's first class and last class, like standing room, like a fucking train.

(1h 45m 44s):
And, and in the first class, there's no movies, there's no entertainment of any kind. I'm thinking this is gonna be a long fucking flight. Till, till about 45 minutes into the flight is when the MMA fight start in the aisles Where some Karen says something to some guy and then her husband and everybody starts swinging it out. There's fucking blood splattering. And just when you think it's all calming down, some guy in last class goes, I just want to kill everybody. And he starts trying to open the fucking emergency door.

(1h 46m 25s):
And I gotta tell you, in my whole years of flying, I never saw a pilot come running through the aisle swinging like an animal. It was like watching Joe Pesci and fucking Goodfellas where he'd go, you motherfucker, I'm gonna fucking end you. I'm telling you, I I, I just can't take the fucking holidays. You know, two weeks. I'm, I'm in New York. My chick is from here actually. And, and about two weeks into December, you know, she's like, she loves Christmas, but she's looking like under the tree.

(1h 47m 10s):
She's going, did, did you forget to put something there? And I'm going, did you forget to blow me? I mean, depending on how good you fucking blow me, I'll go into the 23 degree fucking weather. But it might be JCPenney. It might be Macy's. Nordstrom. Or if it's that fucking good Sach's fucking Fifth Avenue, how does Sachs down? And then, and then everywhere you go, every party, it's a fucking Turkey starting with Thanksgiving, right?

(1h 47m 52s):
Another fucking do. You know, nobody likes Turkey. When you go to somebody's house during the year and you come with a nice bottle of wine, you look at the guy and go, what are we having steak chops? The guy goes, Turkey, I go, gimme the fucking wine back. Yeah, honey, put your coat on. Walk out the door, go ahead, walk out the door. We're not friends with them no more. And then what I love about all of you, when I see you at parties, when you're eating the stuffing, you're all just terrible fucking actors because you're all like, oh my God, this stuffing is beyond belief.

(1h 48m 40s):
And you are all saying that because we all know that the stuffing for hours on end has been baked in the asshole of the Turkey. And you can't believe there's no Turkey fucking asshole taste. There's, there's no asshole smell on the stuffing. And then my girl comes over to me and she goes, babe, what part of the Turkey do you want me to save for you? Do you want the wing or the breast or the, or the thigh?

(1h 49m 21s):
I go, you know what, let me have the clit I already ate out of its asshole. Let me have the fucking clit. Look at a nice couples in the front. What's your name, honey? Any idea? Remind me to pinch your tits after the show. I like you the red fucking dress with those big fucking pig tits. I love that shit. Big fucking pig tits and a fat ass. What's better than that? Right, my friend? What'd you meet? Like on a, on a site?

(1h 50m 1s):
That's the thing today we meet on the site. Swipe to the left. If you just think she's a big, fat, ugly cow or swipe to the right, if you could see coming all over her. See, years ago, see, a lot of people don't realize I'm a, I'm a romantic. Okay? 35 years ago, you'd meet a girl at a club, at a bar, take her for dinner, you, you let her think you're fucking listening to her. Oh really? That's what you wanna be. Yeah. Good for you.

(1h 50m 41s):
And then you don't even realize all of a sudden her pants are on the floor near your bed with, with her bra and her Don. You are in 69 position with her on top. And you are working over her fucking sour grapefruit between her legs as you are staring into the eye of her asshole. And I'm thinking, I don't even know her favorite color. Alright, you've been a great crowd. God bless. Have a great New Year. Goodnight. Thank you.

(1h 51m 23s):
Holy, thank you. Shit. Come On people. The Legend, the undisputed king Andrew Dice Clay. Holy Shit. Wow. Coming off an amazing weekend at the mothership. It's amazing. He's stuck around for us. How about one more time, he can still hear you. The legend Andrew Dice play. And this is indeed bucket pool number six, right? Yep. That's what we got You guys having fun out there.

(1h 52m 5s):
It never would've been imagined in this world that you could one day be on a comedy show and be pulled out of a bucket in an arena having to follow Andrew Dice Clay. But this next lucky human has the job to do. 60 seconds going to your next bucket pool. Luke Sta. Luke Sta everybody. Here he comes. One more time for Luke. Everybody. I am tired of pretending that I have to care about homeless people because I fucking hate homeless people.

(1h 52m 49s):
They always come up to you asking you for something they don't need like a dollar. It's like, bitch, you don't even have legs. What are you gonna go spend it on? You know, they never come up to you asking you for something. They do need like a piggyback ride to the nearest bridge. That way you can toss 'em off into the river. That's a win-win. 'cause if they die, they get to move into the house of God. And if they live, they've been stinking up the corner for a week anyway. They can start fresh and clean 20 miles the fuck away from me.

(1h 53m 29s):
Now I understand there's a lot of veterans that are homeless and I wanna have a soft spot for them. But it's hard for me too because we taught them how to make money. It's like as soon as they became homeless, they forgot how to point a gun in someone's face. Why are you asking me for a dollar? Come and take it, bitch. I fucking love it. A real bucket pool. A half a standing ovation in a goddamn arena For Luke Sta. And it is becoming a full standing ovation.

(1h 54m 10s):
What an unbelievably surreal situation. Five bucket pools. Before you barely anybody move the crowd at all. Andrew Dice Clay comes up, crushes, and you have no problem following it. A true professional and an unbelievable performance that you will undoubtedly remember for the rest of your life. And you're gonna remember you did it all with that stupid fucking mustache on your face. I almost TriMed it today too. Welcome back to the show. Luke. You've been on once or twice. This is my third time. Yep. Third time for Luke Sta. You live here in Austin? Yeah.

(1h 54m 50s):
How long you been doing standup? About four and a half years. Something like that. And how, Yeah, Joe. I was Gonna say that. Homeless veteran. That's a solid joke, dude. Oh, Very, Very funny. Yeah, it's great. Especially your passion. You held onto the mic stand, you stayed right in the pocket. You knew what you were saying. You looked at the audience the whole time. You see these people that have been doing it. That's from his reference of tripping from 45 seconds ago. For those of you wondering how far red band is behind on the soundboard Right now. And you delivered it passionately. You believed in what you were saying. You thought it was funny to you and you. That's 'cause I hate homeless people.

(1h 55m 31s):
Yeah, you don't have to pretend. And you also played on They're fucking disgusting. It is true. It is true. And I was one for a while, so it's fine. Yeah. You still are wearing the same clothes you were then. Yeah. Let's go with the president of the United States for Well fir. First of all, I've never seen someone so angry about giving out a piggyback. But second of all, what was your favorite thing about being homeless? The no cares in the world. I guess get to, I was hammered the entire time. I don't remember. What was your favorite food when You were homeless? My favorite food when I was your mother's. Wow. Jesus Christ. That's what you get Joe Biden for asking soft questions.

(1h 56m 13s):
That Is correct. That is the correct answer. Wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait. That one. Wait coming. You mean my mother's dead? Betcha. You fucking pervert. You do look like you ate wells for a homeless guy. Oh yeah. No, he looks like he ate some homeless guys. Yeah. You won't give a piggyback, but you do have a Piggy. I'm not hopeless anymore. Oh, there you go. You just jump in whenever you want there. Very good. We know you're not homeless anymore. I'm gonna do the joke that you stepped on. You won't give a piggyback, but you do have a piggy front Still worth it. Really Would've been better if you wouldn't have answered questions from a few seconds before. And here we go.

(1h 56m 53s):
How long have you been on homeless? I moved here in April at the end of April. How Do you make money Now? Long. That is, oh, I do valet. I've, we've talked about this. Yeah, that's right. At Baskin Robbins. Yeah. Alright. So do you have a home now? Describe your home. I mean, you were homeless. Do you have a condo? Do you have a house? What do you got? I live in an apartment with two other people. Do you have a bedroom? Yeah, I got my own bedroom own bed. I I live with a married couple now, so I get like all the perks of sex. No, no se I get to hear all of it, but what Sort of noises it make fresh Mail every night.

(1h 57m 36s):
Yeah. Dude, that mustache. I gotta ask you the way it's twirled up on each side. Yeah. Just so I know, is there a woman somewhere tied to a railway track Right now? Yeah. Every every hour I'm on stage. One less woman an hour is getting, it's fucking hard to hear about the haul tracks from the guy who fucking owns Monopoly. Let me, let's go back for a second to this living situation. Yeah. So you said that you hear them fucking and stuff and having a bunch of fun from the other side of the wall. Yeah. It's the only way I can fall asleep peacefully.

(1h 58m 17s):
Amazing. So you've gotten used to it. Yeah. Right. Does hearing people have fun on the other side of a wall? Make you a Mexican? I hope not. I was finally able to get one out. You gave me some space to get a full one out there. It was perfect. You're welcome. Thank you, Luke for permission. You have the, you have the energy of somebody that feels like they're gonna shoot up a book De peppo A book Depo. You got it. You MEChA Luke, what do you do for fun?

(1h 58m 58s):
I, I just do standup. When you're not doing standup, for example, we found out tonight Hans Kim shoots baby deers. Oh, He shoots baby deer. Well, what would I do for fun if I had the time to Yeah. I like killing animals. Okay. He did not say the word hunting folks. Yeah. It's a very big red flag. Not Hunting. You don't have to hunt down a frog to stomp on it. Wow. Is that what you do? Have you done that? Oh, That's a great Tshirt. I'm just trying to think of what I would do for fun. You ever punched the shit out of a puppy? I've, I've struck a few dogs in my day.

(1h 59m 39s):
You've shuck a few dogs. No. Struck them. You shuck corn. You don't shuck dogs. Dude. Wow. The crowd is doing made Them turn on me. They are turning on you. It's a punch. It you, you didn't exactly answer the, have you punched a puppy question correctly? Yeah. No, I've not punched a puppy. There you go. Wait Until their skulls get as thick as Joe's and then you can really give it to them. What does that mean? I don't know. Wow. We Should get this guy a shark tracker bracelet. Come on. This is an amazing show where you could watch somebody make it and then slowly fall off the mountain right in front of your eyes.

(2h 0m 22s):
Over seven minutes. Oops. Well We know you're gonna be homeless in a week, right? Can't wait. At least there'll be lots of strays you can beat the shit out of. That's how you get good at it. What'd you say about his mother again? I forget something about her twat. Oh, that's the one I used. Okay. You got a big joke book last time you were on. Yeah. Here's a big HEB joke book for you. Luke Sta stam. I'm gonna try to remember the first four minutes of this whole interaction. Luke Sta everybody. There he goes. The set of the night as far as bucket polls go.

(2h 1m 5s):
And let's do another regular Ladies and gentlemen. Here we go. Here we go. You guys are about to go crazy. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you one of the greatest regulars in the entire history of the show. A man who is destined without a doubt to eventually get his Americans citizenship. This is a brand new minute from one of my funniest friends in the fucking world. The real deal. The Estonian assassin. This is, Okay.

(2h 2m 2s):
Okay. Which one of you bitches do I gotta marry to get this fucking passport? Huh? Can be a guy too. I don't give a fuck. I don't care about the gender. I care about the documents. I'll easily suck Dick for freedom. You know what I'm saying? And I'm, listen, I'm like a professional immigrant. I know everything about visas. I watch 90 day fiance like it's game tape.

(2h 2m 44s):
Dude. The key that I've learned, the key is pregnancy. That's why Texas is perfect. No abortion sounds like a guarantee. Who's trapping? Who? Bitch. But to be fair, knowing, knowing my luck, it would be very me that I do get someone pregnant here. But then it turns out she's also an illegal immigrant.

(2h 3m 27s):
Now we give birth to a Mexican Estonian the most useless passport in the world. Thank you very much. Hey. Hey. The one, the only, the great, the powerful, the established Estonian assassin Ari Matti wearing a very fancy Estonian Fila full jogging suit this evening. Yeah. It looks Like you just came from a badminton tournament. What the hell's going on? Badminton? Yeah. What's that? It doesn't matter. It's you make iced tea. I love a badminton. I don't know.

(2h 4m 8s):
What Are some biggest Estonian sports? They don't have badminton there. No, we have like, oh disc. Oh my God. One time I said on this podcast that we don't have any athletes and all the Estonians lost their mind. We have a female disc disc golf. Whoa. Yeah. Ooh, what a sport. Yeah. This is a big disc golf crowd. What a stupid sport. Have you ever played it? Yeah, I tried it. Wow. What an experience You did it with like the heavy disc and everything and people that knew what they were doing. Yeah. It's boring. Ah, I think it's cool. Walk around with nature like an asshole with my little disc.

(2h 4m 50s):
'cause even red band just said he thinks it's a cool sport. Yeah, Of course. Red band loves that sport. It's all in the wrist. It's, it's like Golf. But with a first. He plays biscuit golf. Yeah. He throws biscuits into his mouth and he celebrates afterwards instead of a biscuit. It's Stupid. What do you love? What do you do for fun here in America? I don't really ever ask you that. I got my first BB gun. Oh Shit. You can just get 'em at the store. It's crazy, huh? Yeah, just 30 bucks.

(2h 5m 31s):
Ki a squirrel. You're killing It. There's a, did you say a BB gun? I know. Sorry, what did you say? A BB gun. BB gun. He calls That a stutter gun. Yeah. I thought you should have a BB gun. Where are you from? Great question. Joe Biden. Joe Tony. Hey Joe Biden, can you st take a moment from Pardoning rapist and gimme this fucking passport? What Do you think Amer? Should I pardon the Estonian assassin? Are you from the USS? Hard R are?

(2h 6m 13s):
I'll give you a pardon. Hit me up on Venmo. Gee. Ew. How you doing? Joe Rogan. This is the closest you two have come to doing a podcast together. I offered. I was on Facebook. Shit. This is a great moment. President Joe Biden. Why did you not do Joe Rogan's podcast? I Was asleep. You gotta call me when I'm awake from three to three 15. Come on. Look It up Jamie.

(2h 6m 54s):
Well, You know some of the terminology you have, you wa listened to or watched an episode. Oh Yeah. Yeah. What? Which one? There's A part about Bigfoot. Come on. I think you just say things that your advisors tell you and you remember key words. Huh? Ari, what do you think about the, there being a new president right around the corner? How do you think this looks for your Well, I'm nervous about his immigration policies, so I dunno how this will be. The inauguration is on my birthday though. So very exciting day for all of us, huh?

(2h 7m 34s):
Yeah, absolutely. I do love that Tony keeps saying we got you and that the visa things are fine. I haven't got an email, Tony. It's Okay. March 15 is coming up. That's when my work visa expires. You're gonna be just fine. Anything else? Sorry Maddie, what else is going on? You're back. Well, Okay. Okay. I'll tell. Okay. Okay, I'll tell you. So I was having a great day, you know, scrolling on Instagram, you know I was following some titties, you know? Yeah. Titties. Yes. Michael gets it one straight guy.

(2h 8m 15s):
Oh, you guys don't like titties. And I follow a lot of, you know, bitches with titties. So I follow this one girl. I've been following her for a few, a few years apparently, you know, and she comes up on my feed, she's a cutie patootie. And I do the usual thing. I'm not a pervert so I don't message them. I do the usual thing. You scroll like a few pictures, you know, not all the sexy ones. Maybe a few ones with the dog to let 'em know I like you as a person. You know You like their photos. Yeah. You scroll back a little and 'cause I'm verified it comes up like, you know.

(2h 8m 56s):
So then she ruins my day. This is what she writes to me. She goes, wait, I'll Find it. She goes, oh is this gonna be like Rick Diaz's information water? No, no, No. She goes, she writes, she writes me a dm. She goes, fuck you, you asshole. You weirdo. You are only liking my pictures since I developed anorexia again. So I wrote back, when does it kick in? Don't step into the snake pit if you don't want to get bit bitch. No, no, no. This is what she writes before she reported me.

(2h 9m 38s):
She goes, you. She goes, you ruined my day. You piece of shit. So I wrote back. No I didn't. Dinner is still ahead. Xo, xo. Fucking Oh my god. Fucking Rude bitch. I was trying to be nice. I didn't know you had fucking anorexia. Fuck you. Wow. That is this anger in the air tonight. It's weird. Yeah. Yeah. It ruined my day. I'm not a Burt, you know, I'm a nice guy. I just like your pictures also. Yeah. You post big titties. Of course I'm gonna follow. Fuck. It's a great t-shirt.

(2h 10m 18s):
It's Incredible. I have a feeling her day gets ruined pretty easily. Yeah, Probably right. Incorrect moody bitch. Yeah. Amazing. Did you say she had big titties? Big, big, big, big titties. But She's anorexic. I Know, right? That's what I'm, I didn't even notice. What's her Instagram? Let's look at it. Oh, red band's interested. Red band. I don't wanna that anyway. No, definitely don't do that. It's very rude. You know? Definitely don't do that. Well Ari, you did it again. Thank you. You're killing it. Thank you so much. Every buddy in a feel suit the Estonian dream. Thank you. Ha. Maddy, here we go.

(2h 11m 2s):
Bucket poll number seven, Ladies and gentlemen goes by the name of Carly Rose. Carly Rose is the next god damn. How about another hand for Heidi? Huh? Here she is. Carly Rose, everybody. I always hear people talk about being the personality hire at their job. But I'm disabled so I do not work. But I was the personality hire at my children's hospital. And, Sorry. And that's a lot to ask of a dying 13-year-old Morale is super low and my jokes just don't kill like cancer on the sixth floor.

(2h 11m 49s):
But honestly, being disabled is not that bad. I come with like built in bar party tricks. I have two different options for body shots. And I also don't need any alcohol to black out. I'm really easy to date rape. You just have to make me stand still for five minutes and I will hit the fucking floor. Okay. Carly Rose. There you Go. Now I know why those other guys were angry. Carly, you performed like someone that would've purple dyed hair.

(2h 12m 31s):
So let's just get into it. How long have you been doing standup? Not very long. Okay. You wanna be more specific? Well, I've been working around comedy for about three years. I worked at a venue out in Satellite Beach, Florida. Okay. It's a record store. Okay. And then I started comedy photography and then I got into doing standup. Did we good. Almost getting to the answer now. How long have you been doing standup? How many times have you done standup? Any of those? I've Done like a handful of times. Like four times. Okay. What made you sign up tonight? Just wanted to give it a shot. Yeah. All right. Let's check in with the president of the United States.

(2h 13m 11s):
Joe Biden. Hey. Hey, hey. She's a, she's a real American. Give her a chance. Give her a chance to answer. Yeah. Thank you for my disability. I love my 900 a month. I, I didn't know we sent that. Wait, What's with the second belly Button? That was my next question. Yeah, it's from a feeding tube. The feeding tube. Why did you have a feeding tube? Are you the anorexic that's in No, no. Aria Maddie's dms? Nope. What happened? My stomach's paralyzed so I don't digest properly or absorb nutrients properly. So I'm just perma skinny. Oh fuck. Wow. This is getting weirder. Weirder. Oh, let's check back in with Joe Biden.

(2h 13m 53s):
Well we're trying to Lower the prices of feeding Tube, so gimme some time. Let's checking with Joe Rogan here. Joe, what do you think? I was just gonna Say red band a boy can dream. That's it. Imagine you two just hanging out at night. You sucking on her feeding tube when she's asleep. Just straight to the mouth, slurping it down. It's like a never ending milkshake. Oh God, baby red bin drinking out of his baba. Oh. Oh. You have an iron deficiency. It's the most disgusting thing I've ever pictured.

(2h 14m 33s):
Yes, boo indeed. Big serve. I love it. So what do you do with lights now with purple hair like that? I bake a lot and I sing. What do you sing? Karaoke. What do you sing at Karaoke? I like Crazy by Gnarls Barkley. Okay. Nah, screw it. Anything else? Any redeeming qualities that might make, let make this crowd? I don't know. You guys think we should hear us sing? Yeah. Come on. Alright, Great call Joe. Can I just start whenever. Well you're gonna hear the band. They're gonna play and you know, it's like kind of the song kind Of.

(2h 15m 15s):
Yeah. Do you know how it goes? I'll Start Joe. Yeah, I just feel like I'm gonna pass. I remember when I remember when I remember. I remember when I lost my mind. There you go. Oh, There was something so pleasant about that place. Even your emotions had an echo in so much face when Pitch Touch. Didn't know. I just knew too Much.

(2h 16m 10s):
There you go. You did something tonight. Look at that. Would you like to go to the secret show tonight in Pflugerville? Jesus Christ stuck on that. What's your favorite food to eat out of the feeding tube? I used to get in trouble for eating Jolly Ranchers. 'cause when you drain it, it looks like blood. Oh my God. You used to put Jolly Ranchers directly into your feeding tube? No, but I did do a shot once directly through my feeding tube. 'cause why would you want to taste it? Whoa, Jora Joey Ranchers and vodka. You poked It? Yeah, just like white gummy bear shot. Yeah. Yep. Yeah.

(2h 16m 51s):
I never imagine Her doctor being, what the fuck am I fixing you for? Well, that's what they said when I took the tube out myself. Why is your hole infected again? Shocked about all the years. Medical school. Fucking carefully stitching her together. He wa he walks into the medical room, she's just smoking a cigarette through her fucking stomach. Hey doc, did my test results come in? Just inhaling through the stomach, exhaling through the mouth. Jesus Christ Almighty.

(2h 17m 31s):
You ever fart backwards and suck a full hotdog wiener inside? I can't say I have. I can't say I have. You will. You will. One day. Has any has, has that ever been done before? Did you ever get sexual with it in any way? Did a guy ever shoot his load in your tube or anything? No. No. But I did get my uterus removed and that has been very fun sexually because there's just no worries anymore. Wait, why did you get your wait? There's some barren women clapping in the audience. Woo. What made you get your uterus removed? All of my illnesses are genetic and I just felt like it was a responsible decision to not pass this shit on.

(2h 18m 15s):
Wow. That's incredible. Amazing. You hear that Latinos, you can do that if Yeah, if you put your mind to it. You don't have to Procreate. You could stop. The Latinos are actually nodding and agree. I see you out there. You're like, hey. Not a bad Idea dude. Tony, what'd I say about doing the accent? It's hilarious. So how long ago did you get the uterus removed? How Long ago? Yeah, Ballpark. It was actually last year, Friday the 13th in October. Wow. Wow. Amazing. Jason Borhees would be very proud. Thank you. So how exactly did sex change after getting your uterus taken out?

(2h 18m 57s):
I used to have a lot of pain with sex, so there's none of that. And I knew I wanted to move to Texas and obviously the whole abortion thing here. So it's really nice to not have to worry about that ever. You can't get me pregnant. It's great. You just Not, you don't have to worry about having to get an abortion. That is correct. That is true. There's a lot of horny men cheering for this Right now. You can really tell who jerked off today and who didn't. Sorry to disappoint. I have a boyfriend. There's already someone loading shit in there. Wow. What does your boyfriend do for a living? He's a comic. He's a shop vac.

(2h 19m 38s):
He's the guy with the mustache. He makes his money being a full-time comedian. He works at a dispensary as well, Right? There it is. Aren't you a dispensary in a way, Yes. No, I'm like a bank. You ever squeeze out chocolate chip? I'm more like cookie dough and make fucking cookies. I'm More like a bank than a dispensary. 'cause you make deposit, you make deposits. Gotcha. All right, well very fun. Carly. You're leaving here with a medium. There you go. Sized joke book. Fun interview. You saved it with all that great job. Crazy life experience here. Stay Safe with those streets.

(2h 20m 21s):
I feel like I know too much. I feel like I don't know enough. Come dumpster, We have a, I've been informed by somebody's advisors that we have a special treat. I don't know if you remember this President Joe Biden, but somebody just put in my ear that some of your advisors said that you prepared a little something for tonight. You guys, I'm gonna not, I'm gonna be done being president about two weeks and I, I'm looking to pick up a new hobby and I thought I could do a minute here on KILL TONY tonight. You guys mind if I do a minute of stand up comedy?

(2h 21m 2s):
Ladies and gentlemen, this is amazing here. The president of the United States of America. We've seen this before. Always great sets from this guy. One more time for Joe Biden. Hey America. How we doing one more time for Joe Rogan. Tony Edgecliff and Harland Williams. Everybody, come on. Come on. Keep it going over here. Got a kid over here. David Lucas, give it up for the star of sex and the obesity.

(2h 21m 44s):
I love that guy. David's the only guy with a harder time with stairs than me. We'll keep it in. People say I don't take the border problems seriously. I say, why do you think I moved David to Texas? You want to get in this country? You gotta go through his fat ass. Come on, keep it going for Hans Kim. Everybody. Come on. He is still here. Keep it going for Hans Kim. Hans is autistic or as I call it, he's HoChi min. Totally retarded. What else we got Ari? Maddy, didn't I? What are you doing here? Didn't I trade you to get Brittany Grinder back?

(2h 22m 31s):
Happy holidays. Arlie, you look or you look like you have a 4 0 1 KKK. Or you look like he watches Disney movies just to see the parents die. Roofy Hauser md. Alright, what else we got? Red band's here. Red band looks so sad. It's just 'cause he is, he saw the list of foods that RFK is gonna ban Like bagels and fruit. Red band looks like even his knees have double chins. I love you red band. Congrats on the engagement.

(2h 23m 14s):
What else do we got? Hans Kim buys his clothes on Amazon. Tony looks like Marty McFly got on the DeLorean and said it to gay guy. That's all me. I'm President Joe Biden. I got two weeks left. Maybe I'll get set up comedy going, I'm gonna go take a pee. I gotta take a pee. I gotta go to the bathroom. I'll see you guys. I gotta go to the bathroom. He's gotta go to the bathroom. What Time With Joe Rogan? Ladies and gentlemen, I was on the Joe Rogan experience. He was on. This is KILL TONY, but yeah, you were with Joe.

(2h 23m 56s):
He's going pee. Look at that walkaway. Is that not iconic or what is covered? Perfect walk. He's just in character. Every step of the pack He go, gee, with that walk. Holy crap. He's Doing like a, oh, he doesn't know. He is on the backstage camera. That's Adam Ray. Everybody look at that. Ah, there He is. There's Joe Biden. Okay. He snapped right outta the character for the second. Okay. While we're waiting for the President, Joe Biden to finish urinating, we will, we will roll so that we have something very special for one of the members of this panel here.

(2h 24m 39s):
It's been a special secret that we've kept a surprise. Why don't we roll that video if it's ready. Let's see what we got here. Wow. What a treat. Holy crap. Look at this. Ha. She couldn't decide if you wanted to be a Smurf or Barney. For fuck's sake. You cant do Harlan. Hey, I present to you the great and powerful Harland Williams. Oh shit.

(2h 25m 19s):
Harland Williams. First time on this show, we wanted him for 10 and a half years. We got 'em. Harland Williams. Harland Williams. Oh my. Harland Williams. Harland Williams Is the only comedian on the stage with a degree from DeVry. Coconut. Coconut. Coconut. Coconut. Coconut pie. Coconut. Coconut, coconut Pie. And didn't mean an interject her just real quick. Have you ever eaten a baby? Hang on, sorry. Fucking Lyme disease.

(2h 25m 60s):
Sin of an angels fly, fly away. Would like to write a check to help this young fell on his way and I love it. He's writing out an actual check. Can you describe exactly what it says there on that check? $300,000 with no name or nothing else. See, I'm actually a member of a dolphin bank with no numbers. No, no. Let me read it to you. You fucked it up real bad. My guy. I made my fucking guy. How about all fucking five guys, right? Coconut, coconut, coconut pie.

(2h 26m 40s):
Harlan Williams, you look like Tyler Perry presents back to the future. Well, at least I'm not back to the fucking buffet. How about that? This is the only guy I know. Everyone else in the country has Lyme disease. This he is got key lime pie disease. Yo, this motherfucker cooking. Fuck this old bitch. You're my bitch tonight. How about that? That's surprise, surprise. The 2024 guest of the year is Harlan Williams, everybody, congratulations.

(2h 27m 23s):
Of course. Here to present you with the award last year's guest of the year. Adam Ray slash Dr. Phil slash Joe Biden slash Elaine slash Jeremy. Make some fucking noise for the 2024 guest of the year. Much, much deserve Harlan Motherfucking Williams. Speech, Speech, speech, speech, Speech, speech, speech, Therapy, therapy, therapy. I'm very emotional Right now.

(2h 28m 4s):
I, how could I know this was gonna happen? Holy smokes. This was unexpected. I I, I really didn't even have any idea that this was gonna happen. And to be named comedy sex machine is unbelievable. I really had no idea this was gonna happen. But honestly, I'm very grateful. You know the, I just threw 'em on the ground. I don't care.

(2h 28m 45s):
Hang on. I gotta snort some. I had to snort some color. Whatever they are, I'd like to thank a few people if that's cool. I'd I'd really like, sir, if you could sit down. I'm in the middle of a fucking speech. I hate when my dad comes to these things. I'd like to thank Donny's face braces. As you know, my sister's eyes were this far apart for about four years, and Donny got the braces on her eyes and her faces are back together. I want to thank crab legs or us.

(2h 29m 25s):
My sister has demented legs and walks like a crab. So I want to thank her and I wanna thank one of my earliest comedy influences. I didn't know what comedy was until I was a little boy and I was watching Sesame Street like we all did. And there's someone I want to thank on Sesame Street, the Count. Who knew that even numbers could be so hilarious. One Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Two Ah ah, ah, ah Three.

(2h 30m 13s):
Don't spoil it. Fuck you four. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Folks, I want to thank Tony. He's doing a great thing, bringing comedy to a whole new level. Unbelievable. It's really unbelievable. Sort of starting a whole new revolution in comedy. Joe Rogan, who kicked it off with his wonderful podcast and everything he's contributed. Joe, you're amazing, Tony. And folks, my joy in life is to bring laughter to you guys. So the only thing I'd ask in return, go to my podcast, the Harland Highway, everyone watching subscribe. Take five seconds, subscribe, and let me bring the laughter to you.

(2h 30m 56s):
Yes, thank you Tony. Thank you Joe. Thank you Joe Biden, if you know who you are, and I love you guys and I'm gonna promise this year to keep fixing more freaky, fucked up eyes. Thank you. Un unbelievable. Harland Williams. Amazing. Just a little fun fact for those of you. There's no way that he knew he was going to be guest of the year. The funny part of that is that he's been sitting on and has had trophies shoved in his pants all night, literally not knowing that he was going to win anything.

(2h 31m 42s):
Just the crazier thing is the eyes. Yeah. Well, I brought the eyes. If I had to read his speech, I was gonna say, let me put my glasses on. And I realized that guy with the shaky rattlesnake eyes was a godsend and I had to give it over to him. So that's called Comedy Karma right there. Thank you Lord. Tell him about Dimitri. Dimitri. Okay, so when Joe had me on his podcast, which by the way, give a hand to Joan, his fucking podcast. Yeah, man, this guy The best in the world. So when Joe had me on his podcast, I went in at the beginning, I had another thing in my pants.

(2h 32m 24s):
I had a big long, like two foot long rubber snake. And when I sat down with Joe at the beginning, I told him I had a tapeworm. And at the end of the show it was sitting in my pants for three hours. I pulled it out at the very end and my proudest moment is Joe left it on his table. We did it about five months ago, right Joe? He left my little tapeworm named Dmitri on his table, and about two months ago he did an interview with the most powerful man in the world, Donald Trump, the future president of the United States. And I told Joe, I was so happy because sitting between Donald Trump and Joe Rogan was Dmitri my tape for him.

(2h 33m 7s):
So thank you, Joe. I love you buddy. Thank you everybody. Harland Williams. Thank You. Tony. Thank you. Red band. Thank you Joe Rogan, president Joe Biden. Indeed. Check out the Harland Highway. Harland is hilarious all the time. Much deserved 2024 guests of the year. We've done a lot tonight. We've seen feeding tubes, we've seen it all. People with wobbly eyes. Guest of the year, the return of Rick Diaz, lock Hogar, Fiona Cauley, Hans Kim, Andrew Dice, motherfucking clay. And I can think there's only one way to end an episode like this.

(2h 33m 52s):
Ladies and gentlemen, it is that time for the all time record holder in appearances, the record holder in interviews overall minutes on the show, the first ever Lipping member of the KILL, TONY Hall of Fame, and the reigning and defending most powerful regular in the history of the show. Some people call him the HEB Produce Manager, the Crown Prince of Cedar Park, the Avar of Austin, the pervert of Portland, the disclaimer of Des Moines, the Memphis Strangler, the Alaskan Zip Recruiter, The ZipRecruiter Zebra.

(2h 34m 49s):
This is the big red machine. William Montgomery. Happy Kwanza Sun. Oh my gosh, Texas.

(2h 35m 30s):
It is so wonderful to be here tonight. I'm actually wearing this outfit as a sign of respect for the ancient Chinese tradition of Kwanza. And I would like in accordance with the scriptures to read some fortune cookies, if that's okay with you motherfuckers today. And take this bitch. Spirit Airlines is going to start a frequent fight or discount where you earn a free trip after only four fights.

(2h 36m 24s):
Okay, I've got 20 in here. So let me, Do you want one of the condoms? Jimmy Carter will die on March 12th, 2025. Okay, I guess I'm fucked that one up. Okay, let's, let's celebrating Quo Night. Oh, this is a long one.

(2h 37m 4s):
Okay, let me, the way you talk about the hot Latinas in the movie and Canto will turn on your therapist so much. She'll ask to lie on the couch next to you. Okay, let's keep moving. Yeah. My hands are so sweaty Right now. I'm sorry. In the year 2025, Lizzo will surpass a thousand pounds. Okay, got y'all back with that fat bitch.

(2h 37m 48s):
You know who ain't celebrating Quada this year as a part of Make a Wish, your son will wish he could perform the upside down Spider-Man kiss. But sadly, Toby McGuire says no. Okay, last one. Let's keep her moving. The waiter has a gun and you must tackle them now.

(2h 38m 29s):
Now do it. Cancel their dinner, man. Okay. That's right, Tom. Hi Johnny. I love the Energy tonight. Yeah, William Montgomery has done it again. The streak continues. William, I'm making Joe sneeze over here. He did. He made me sneeze as should knew Covid. We got a plane for it. Joe is allergic to overly processed fortune. Cookies flying through the air. Obviously we're finding this out tonight. What made you go with this Asian theme tonight, William? I started working out again. Tony, I am feeling so good.

(2h 39m 10s):
I'm going to enter the American Ninja Warrior, Tony. Seriously, I've been playing way too much. Call of Duty. I'm off of Call of Duty. I worked out for the first time earlier today. Tony, I'm gonna win American Ninja Warrior. Wow. Can you imagine 25? Can You imagine if the legend of KILL TONY will if I Don't win American Nja Warrior in 2025, heads will roll. Wow. You better hope Throwing isn't one of the competitions because they're Gonna fucking hit on. Okay. You can feel, I think you just killed somebody with a fortune cookie.

(2h 39m 51s):
This is amazing. So what type of workout did you do Today? I was doing kettle bells. I was just walking in lines with the kettlebells. It was real hard. It was 35 pounds. Kettlebells. Is that what you with? With, with kettlebell? I bet. Walking. Look at you. You did 1 35 pound kettlebell in your hands and you walked around with it And I was walking around with it. Yeah. 'cause I was thinking, aren't the guys in prison real big because they're just in the yard moving the weights around. Well, That's What I was thinking. Now's a good time for us to check in with our senior fitness correspondent Joe Rogan. Yeah, It's a good start. It's what? It's a good start. It is a good start. Thank You. I know I gotta start somewhere, bill, slowly.

(2h 40m 32s):
I know I gotta do slowly but surely. But I didn't do that with the Call of Duty. I'm sorry. I'm just trying to have fun and I see all these people leaving. It's like a fucking nightmare. I had a real fucking hell of a die back in Memphis. I fucking get back to Memphis. My dad's cat got killed. Literally, I get back to Memphis and my father follows the car holding a bucket and I go greet my father and there is a dead cat in the bucket. Let's cut to a clip. It is weird.

(2h 41m 12s):
There is a thing where people sometimes scatter out on you at the last second thinking that it's Bullshit. Tony, I'm just trying to have fucking fun tonight, dude. Yeah, That's what working it's all about. I'm feeling better than I've ever felt. It's true. You look great, William. You look great. Your body's in great shape. You're almost ready to re, you look like you're gonna model regular clothes for Bass Pro Shop. That's a compliment It off. Take it off. He said People Are yelling. Take it off out there. William, I wanna show off this new body you've worked out. I don't, I don't think y'all wanna see my thing Right now. Yeah, we do. It sounds like they wanna see it To Me.

(2h 41m 53s):
I don't think y'all wanna see my thing Right now. I'm serious. It'd be a disaster. Everybody would laugh. So I can't do that. I mean, there was a woman up here earlier with a feeding tube hanging out of her stomach. So I'm pretty sure well, the people have spoken. William, do You wanna see? Oh, it appears as As though we're going to get. Wow. Oh my goodness. He's gonna do some ninja warrior. Oh, what is he doing?

(2h 42m 34s):
Whoa. Oh my goodness. This is ninja warrior. Wow. Wow. A jelly roll. That is a jelly roll. Wow. Two jelly rolls in a row. I learned that shit literally earlier today. I learned that in a day. So That's amazing. Can you Do a blueberry blin? You put the salt. Oh, I Thought it was her Face. You put the salt in Summer salt William. So is that what you think? Is that the step one to winning ninja warrior some sideways somersaults? That's what Hans Kim does after he comes.

(2h 43m 18s):
I know his mom was commenting about it last night. His mom and I were watching him last night. You were talking with Hans's mother? Yeah, we were in the room with Hans. Really? He got one of those massager things and he was putting it on his fucking dick and Hans's mom and I were watching his ass. Let's cut to a clue. I'm kidding. That one I thought we had. Wait, what will, this is the weirdest fucking night. It is Such a, this is what we love the chaos of KILL TONY. So one second. You're watching Comedy Gold. The next, there's a lady bombing with a feeding tube. Some guy with wobbly eyes. Anything can happen.

(2h 43m 59s):
Yeah. What was going on with that guy's eyes? I wasn't hearing the volume, but I was seeing that guy's eyes. Yeah, they were going back and forth. William, you look like you played pickleball with actual pickles just on Dippy Island. You got it? What? That's where I would play. I'd play on the big island. I thought that was gonna get a laugh, but I was mistaken. So, oh, I'm having a real bad Kwanza today. People gimme a fucking break. Seriously? So you came out dressed like an Asian with an Asian hat, an Asian kimono Asian pants. But I noticed you didn't do an Asian voice at all.

(2h 44m 42s):
Oh, Tony Mis so sorry. Oh My God. Tony Miso, honey. Wow. Wait, that wasn't really a good one. Can You do it? Miso honey. Wait, can You do an Asian Tony Miso? So sorry. Little Jamaican there. One day he's gonna run for president. This clip's gonna surface. He could win. William, what else before we see it tomorrow night? Anything else? Just probably gonna start playing a little Call of Duty when I get back.

(2h 45m 22s):
We are fucking double XP weekend, Tony. I got a chill. I gotta fucking chill. I'm getting so close with my, I can't remember the camos I'm working on Right now on zombies, but fuck my O Pole. Okay, William, tomorrow's New Year's Eve. I'm sure we're gonna go hard tomorrow. Big, big night. You always go big for those big shows. Tony, I think you know, we ate on the left. Let's Go make some noise to the great William Montgomery. Everybody.

(2h 45m 58s):
This is KILL TONY brought to you by the yellow rose and the red rose. Free entry at the yellow rose with a ticket stub tonight. Make some noise.

(2h 46m 8s):
I can't believe we were able to. Lucky enough to have him stop by the great Joe Rogan. Everybody. Come on one more time for 2023 Guest of the Year. Believe it or not, that's Adam Ray behind Joe Biden's. Beautiful, beautiful face and hair. The legend, the newest guest of the year, 2024. Harlan Williams, the Harlan Highway. Check out everything. Adam Ray, the art. Let's check out the art from the artist Chris Rogers. Drew tonight and Ryan JE Belt are both here.

(2h 46m 50s):
We're gonna check out their live art that they did. Ooh, Chris Rogers and Ryan. JE Belt. Hell yeah. Amazing. Boo Booya chaos. I love it. Ryan, Jay with the guests. Beautiful, stunning. Make some noise for yourselves. How many you are coming back tomorrow night? Well, we will see you then. It's gonna be a wild one. Congratulations to you guys. You also have a episode that dropped on YouTube while we were all here hanging out. So go enjoy that if you want and you'll get three episodes in 48 hours.

(2h 47m 34s):
We love you. God bless this audience. Love you guys. God bless the United States of America, Joe Rogan. Enjoy Adam Ray Harland Williams. We love you.

(2h 51m 17s):
Hardy. Fiber, cement, siding, handles conditions that can cause damage to vinyl. From fire to hail Hardy Siding stands tall through it all. Helping trade professionals look their best when they recommend Hardy Siding and Trim. See the proof@jameshardy.com.