
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY, and every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony Hinchcliffe. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now, here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Tickets are on sale for all my upcoming standup dates. Detroit, Atlantic City, Niagara Falls, Mount Pleasant, Michigan West Valley City, AKA Salt Lake City, Utah, Reno, Nevada, Anaheim, California, and Las Vegas, Nevada.


Tickets for sale. Now, for my standup comedy, featuring some of your favorite characters from the show, especially me. All tickets are at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com right now. That's Where, Hey, this is Company Live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas, for a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Get up for Tony, Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Yay, O Brian Redban. Hey, everybody. The best damn band in the land, everybody. Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos Sosa on the horns, big Mike Michael Gonzalez on the drums, the mutilating, Matt Mulling on the electric guitar.


Jon Deas on The Keys. And that is indeed D Madness on the bass guitar. Ladies and gentlemen, wow, the energy in here feels great. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by kovas. Anywhere worth going, is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas Kovas crafts quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Born in Texas in 2015, kovas makes it easy for anyone to find their perfect boot. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right outta the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impressed. Right now, get 10% off at kovas.com/koni when you sign up for emails and texts. That's 10% off at TEC OV as.com/koni kovas.com/kone. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes west, and good day, y'all.


This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, life poses many questions, but your relationship asks the big question. Are you thinking of popping the big question? Sure, it's a huge moment. But what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A Red band, Tony Blue Nile is the best. At blue nile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring that you can imagine at a price you'll never find at a traditional jeweler. That's right, red band. Since 1999, blue Nile has been the original HAL nine jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they will meet or beat a competitor's price On a comparable diamond, your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases, even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns, so you can make sure the ring you pick is the one, and because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra, the AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com Compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for Accuracy.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's episode? This is KILL TONY, brought to you by Nick nicotine pouches and ZipRecruiter. Every single week I have one or two or three of the best possible guests. I, I look at it like a chemistry set. I know all these people I know who goes well together and how to mix it. Tonight's two guest panel is one of the greatest comedians of all time, and also a guy who's returning back into the comedy business after a very long hiatus. So what a perfect panel. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you two of the greats. Make some fucking noise for Jim Norton and Tony Caruso.


Oh yeah. Jim Norton. TONY CARUSO. First Time on KILL TONY. Wow. TONY CARUSO. Jim Norton. Welcome. Jim Norton is Back, the only comedian to be on both Madison Square Garden episodes, absolutely crushing one of our favorite guests of all time. Thank you. He's been on this show in LA multiple times in Austin, in Las Vegas. Jim Norton, one of the best comedians in the world.


Jim Norton Can't Save You is available everywhere. It's a brand new show. And joining the panel for the very first time ever in the show's entire history. TONY CARUSO, Ladies and gentlemen, now, Tony, wow, they really love you. I don't know how it's, I Don't know what that was. I dunno what that was. I've never shot a gun in my life. It seems like you, I Come out on a woman on a woman's face, but I've never shot a gun. You know, You have a giant, a giant approval from the audience, and many of them don't know anything about you. You are making your return into standup comedy.


You took a 20 year hiatus when your wife passed away. I Took a 20 year hiatus. My wife died. RIPI found out through text she had cancer, HPV or some shit, whatever. She, the bitch is dead. So I'm trying to get my life back on track. Good to see you, red man. What do you brush your teeth with? Nacho cheese. All right. I'm just warming up here. But, but no, I'm a big fan of the show. And you know, Koni is a show to launch Careers. They launched a lot of people with Hans Kim, you know, who by the way, is who's about to star in the all Asian reboot of the Sandlot? Hans Kim is, he's gonna play squint. He's gonna be called the the Sandro if you're an Asian guy. All right, I'm warming up here, but Tony, if you're here, who's haunting the abandoned carnival down the street? Huh?


I'm warming up here. We're having a good time. But know I'm a big fan of KILL TONY. I've been watching the show on YouTube. I've been watching on Facebook. I got Twitter. I got XI got, I got something, I got something on my cock right now. Wow. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me one time. Oh, Tony's too hard. I got, I got a, I got a pacemaker. TONY CARUSO Forgot what it was called, but he, He is been making his return into standup, trying To get back into it, trying to get back on the wagon. He's been opening up for the Great Hall of Fame KILL TONY, member Adam Ray, all over the Road, doing some shows for him. So you can get tickets to see Tony Caruso at Adam Ray comedy.com. It is incredible. You've been doing some work with Dr. Phil. I hear you're friends with Dr.


Phil. Friends With dp, yeah. Yeah, DP Runs with dp. Yeah. We call him DP D, but you know, dps got several meanings. You double penate, double penetration. I'm just warming up here. I'm just warming up. Just warm up. But Tony, it's good to see you. You look good, And thank you so much. You look like A vampire that only bites people with aids. Okay? Okay. Come on, hit me, Mike. A little late, little late. I, I invite you to the show, and this is how you treat me. I'm Just trying to warm up. You don want the show, right? You make up. Hey, look at that fa fuck day, Right? Okay. Well, I mean, she's, I watch your show. I watch a show. I Watch the show. I love it. Big fame. Okay. All right. Good Lord Almighty.


Tony, another Pepsi. Oh, okay. So Tony, you know how this show works. Over 200 people signed up for the opportunity to be here. I pull their name outta the bucket. They get 60 seconds. You know, their time is up and near the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear, which interrupts them. And then I ask them a bunch of questions. We find out more about them, and everything is improvised. Anything can happen. Are you guys ready to start? Tonight's episode, Ladies and gentlemen, your first comedian performing tonight while we go wrangle your first bucket Pool is a guy who's been on the show only one other time in Las Vegas, Nevada at SK Fest.


He was my favorite comedian on the episode. And I told him that when he arrives to Austin, Texas for his first time, that he gets an automatic spot on this show. This is that show. This is that moment, Ladies and gentlemen, your first comedian, 60 seconds uninterrupted for the second time ever. Appearance of Peterangelo. Everybody. Here we go. It's Peterangelo. What's going on guys? What's going on? Who here likes rough sex? Who here likes rough sex with men? Just me. All right, cool.


Yeah, I fuck a lot of dudes. It's weird. I get it. I look like this, but like I do, I enjoy rough sex. But the problem is, I date guys who are like way smaller than me, and people think I, they, I do that to throw them around like it's Cirque de Soole. That's not not the case. I want them to be the dominant one. Let them be in charge. But like for rough sex to be hot, there's gotta be that element of danger. I don't feel like I'm in danger. The average weight, the guys I sleep with is 150 pounds. I weigh three 20. They can't even get their hands around my neck. For me to feel like they were in charge, I had to give them a weapon. I'm not sucking dick at gunpoint. Again.


It's a great family reunion. You'd think the natural solution is Ivy, the dominant one. You know, I be in charge, but like, I'm afraid I'm so much bigger, I'm gonna kill them. And now I'm like gay Lenny from of Mice and Men. Like, I didn't mean to kill the twink boy, George. I just wanted to pet his butt. Thanks guys. I'm Peter Angelo. Peter Angelo second. Ever time on the show, famously the least gay looking gay man ever in the show's history. Jim, you ever see anything like this before? I Have. I've seen you before. Yeah. And I enjoy you very much. Oh, thank you. But you do seem more like a top. I'm not saying I I'm not disappointed.


I'm just saying you seem like Yeah, everyone seems to be disappointed by it. I don't get like, oh, it's fine. Alright, cool. Yeah. But like, I was for a long time and then, you know, I got bored. I was like, all, let them do the work. But that Material is like, people are gonna think you're gay. Yeah. Yeah. It has been a drawback. Like, not many ladies coming around now. No. When, when you were a straight guy, did you have sleeves on? Like, is it, is it, you go all right. Like, like butt stuff? Yeah. You gotta rip. Yeah. Rip them right off. Yeah. Pants off, sleeves off. Gone. Alright, that's, that's all I got. Absolutely. Peter, remind us, Saul, where do you live again?


I Live in New York City right now. How long have you lived in New York? About three Years. And what do you do for work? I was a truck driver And now it's comedy. Yeah. I was a thank you lady, but now I teach people to throw axes. Oh wow. I'm throwing Instructor. So many straight jobs. Even your jobs are straight. I Drop trucks and I teach people to throw axes and I take dicks in my butt. Like, it doesn't make any sense. It's a great impression. It's incredible. It is. He throws the Axes at vaginas. Yuck. Not another one. God damnit, Get away from me. Absolutely incredible. Larry, the cable guy. Yeah.


Yep. Get 'em done. Yep. Have you always been gay? How old were you when you knew you were gay? I was a teenager, I would say. Okay. Teenager. And just Was there a moment, is there something that happens? Are you like looking porno mag and you're like, me, just like dick or something like that? I think so. Honestly, you know, the internet was coming around. I just started typing in gay and just wanted to check it out. Yep. I was like, maybe this is for me. What was the first thing you saw that you were like, oh, I, I, I, how do I get to do that? You know, It's a butthole. Yeah. So what he saw and he wanted to do. Yeah. Yeah.


A feminine man. And I was like, all right. Yes. That. And then just moved on from there. How Do you, how do you, and then how do you, well, you go to your parents and you go, Hey, how do I get to more butt holes in my life? When Did you come? My dad was like, become a trucker. A truck stops. There you go. When did you, when did your parents find out you were gay? How did they know? When do you think they caught on? I'm not sure. 'cause like, I would say, not that I told 'em they weren't positive. My brother knew right away. 'cause he kept taking my computer before I could erase the search history. Oh Shit. In Your, so your brother's like, let me send this email to Google real quick to, because my account got hacked. What the fuck is that black guy fucking that other black guy for? And your brother let you know that he knows. Oh, he, Yeah, he didn't.


Did He keep it as secret from you? Yeah, he did. He didn't, he didn't care at all. He didn't bother, bother. I like how vague you are with your searches too. Like just gay. That's a cock. I'll look at it. I don't care. We'll figure it out. Yeah, It was, Yeah. What should we have a first Even? It just started. I don't know. Do you remember the first time you blew a guy? Yeah. Where was it? Yeah. Tell us about it. Paint the picture for us. Stone cold. It was Like, What a way to kick off the show. I was, it was, I was at my house. I invited someone over. I thought he was, I had an inkling he was also gay. And I was just, hold on. What was Inkling here, by the way? I don't know anyone who doesn't look like me.


I don't like, right. Most people I think are gay. He's Over at your House hoping it was like, oh, do you wanna watch porn? Yeah, but on porn. And then, yeah. Are you saying what like, a bunch of guys haven't watched porn with their friends? Yeah. And just tried to touch it once. Like No, that just a gay guy think, Yeah, That is indeed. What the fuck are you talking about? Fuck that. I am not a gay guy. I won't Even look at a cock. It's all good. Hey, hey. Agree to disagree. Agree to disagree. And then just like, oh yeah, what is, you know, Did you make a serious move on him or did you try joking your way into it?


Joking. That's hard. No, it was like, it was like, you know, hands are hand. How you can't tell doing see a guy's hand in a girl's hand, like that kind of thing. You Held his Hand. No stroking hiscock. That's less gay than holding his hand. Yeah. I'm not that gay guy. That's fag shit. Yeah, I'm starting my Erection. Both of those are t-shirts. I'm not that gay. That's f shit. A great Steve. Now when you touched it, was it, are you still friends with the guy who you jerked? Is he gay too now? Yeah. Is that Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's kind of sweet. Yeah. Yeah. We're still friends. We reminiscent about it. You Do you really? Yeah, Once in a while. We are still friends. It's fine. Yeah, It's great. What's He do for work? That's a good question.


Coding. Coding? Yeah. Like data, shit. Coding you with his come I was 20. How's New York City treating you? Where did you live before? Vegas? No, Connecticut. Oh, Connecticut. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And you're in the middle of New York City now? Yeah. What's that like for you? How do you, what do you do there? To have fun. A lot of metal concerts. Go to raves sometimes. I'm training to be a pro wrestler. Really? Yeah. Wow. My profession for you. Yeah. Stone cold. Steve. Ay over here. What's your wrestling? It hasn't kicked in yet. What's your wrestling character? Yeah, it's a big doom. Ah, Wow.


Yeah. Yeah. The cock. Yeah. And I'm a gay trucker who hates straight people. Okay, so it's pretty Yeah, pretty much just me. No. Do we get to find out what you're transporting? The, you said you drive trucks, right? Yeah. So what are you taking across state? Like what are you taking from, like what if you drove a truck today? Are we Talking about my character? What I actually did as a trucker? Can I Finish my fucking sentence for a second? Are you So what for, are you, you're a real truck driver, right? I was, yeah. So you were, yeah. So what were you driving in the truck? If you were taking a truck from like Austin to Dallas, what would be in the truck? Steel pipe? Yeah. Wow. Was that the name of the guy? You wanna suck it off? I am warming up. I'm warming up. Did You mean to haul that or did you say Put some pipe in the rear and they went Okay.


And then just loaded the Truck. Yeah. That's better. They knew I could handle it. Yeah, You could take a big load. Peter, what's something that we would be surprised to know about you? There's the fart noise for the episode out early tonight. Seven minutes in. There you go. Red band is a red banning. Before we let you go, something that would surprise us about you. I recently just did comedy in China. Okay. We're talking about the female wrestler. Okay. You found the most manly woman you could. Yeah. Have you ever been with a woman Long time ago? Capacity? Yeah. And tell us about that. What was it Like? It was a, there was a, so it was a Threesome. What happens when a gay guy touches a vagina?


I mean, if you're a bitch, you're like, eh. But I'm like, yeah, whatever. Let's try it. Okay. But yeah, I met this like punk rock couple as a bisexual guy. I, this is great. Was my dad here? No. All, no. But he was, No, he was, he left. Left. Yeah. It's fine. He's like, I had no goddamn bad idea. Jesus crobe. And your brother kept it secret from me. Fuck. No, he's on Grindr too. He doesn't wanna bump into him. I, I met this, I met a guy at this party. He was bi He invited me to like, you know, hook up with him and his girl. So, you know, they started blowing me. I tried fucking her a little bit and then he fucked her and I just fucked him while he fucked her.


When you say, Wow, I'm gonna need you to write that down. I'm sorry. But I was here then I was here and somebody was inside somebody. What you doing? Lot of work. People. What the fuck was that? So when you say you tried to fuck her, I mean, there it is, right? It's warm, it's wet. Yeah, it's fine. It's a whole, yeah. Explain like what happens and you're just like, go For me. No, I was just, I was like, all right. I, that's enough. All Right. I want, I was like, all right. This, I'm, I wanna, I wanna fuck him. That's why I showed up. Right. You know, so, right. Yeah. Did it feel good though? Did it turn you on or were you like, nah, there's no shit in here. Right. Yeah. That's the part I don't get. That's exactly right. I don't get it. 'cause if it's warm and it's moist and it works and there's like, you could, the the dude's still there, right?


So it's Kinda like, whoa. Like I was just, I, I wanted to fuck the other person. I just wanted to give, that's what I was there for. And I decided, I was like, Hey, this is fine. I'm going onto the asshole now. So the guy in the middle, you're fucking him while he fucks his wife. Yeah. Was he just fucking going? Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. You're Welcome. Yeah. It was the weirdest Seesaw ever. What's his name? Lucky devil. Taketh and giveth. Well, Peter, you got tonight's episode. Started with a bang. Congratulations. Thank you.


Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. Are you in town Thursday? Yeah. Yeah, I'm here all month. There you go. You're doing the secret show. Oh, awesome Red. Thank You guys so much. Have a great night. Enjoy The rest of the time. Peter Angelo, his second time ever on the show, he was pulled outta the bucket in Las Vegas, Nevada. And now our first bucket poll of the night. Wow. You know what that sound means. Heidi is here. Everyone. The lovely Heidi. Absolutely incredible. There she is. One more time for Heidi. Everyone. All right to the bucket we go.


Ladies and gentlemen, anything can happen. We're gonna meet 'em all together. This is where we've met all of our regulars, all of our golden ticket winners. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise. Be your first bucket. Pull of the night. Quinn Pastora. Ladies and gentlemen. Quinn Pastora. That's way too tall for me. I know what a lot of guys are thinking. You know, you heard a val at the end of my name. You're like, he's Italian and you're right. Unfortunately, and I know a lot of people know stereotypes about Italians, something like that. They always do something like that. And I was talking to a fellow the other day and he started doing Italian stereotypes.


He started telling me, I was like, oh, what else do you know about Italians? Teach me about Italians, you wise, man. He goes, well, you know, the first thing I know about Italians is they get really upset about things. And I started yelling at 'em. I got fucking pissed. I was like, Hey dude, you can't, we don't get upset about things. We get very passionate about things. Okay, so cool. Your jet, dude. What else do you know about Italians? What the fuck else do you know about Italians? And he goes, oh, the other thing I know about Italians is that they're all really good cooks. And I felt like a jackass for inviting this guy to my dinner party. I swear to God, I was cooking for a racist. This is terrible. And this is the real kicker. You had to bend over about a foot. 'cause I'm only five foot six. And he goes, the other thing I know about you, little Italian bastards is you're all criminals.


And I swear to God, I would've cooked this guy's ass if I wasn't a felon. Okay. Quentin Pasta, Ladies and gentlemen. He's Italian. He's Italian. Hi Quinn. How are you? I'm Doing excellent. Are you? How old are you? 26. 26. Where are you from? Kentucky. Okay. And are you visiting here? You still live in Kentucky? I live here. Okay. Been here for six months. How long have you lived? Six months. Yes sir. And what do you do for work? I work at a bar over on E sixth. Okay. What do you do at the bar? I am a lowly doorman. A doorman. I check IDs. Okay. Very interesting. And how long have you been doing standup?


About A year and a half. A year and a half. And you've lived here for six months? Yes. You think that's your best minute that you just did? I thought so. Okay. Well, yikes. It's, it's hard. Honestly, the business is overrun with Kentucky Italians. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm Italian. I know for a fact. TONY CARUSO is Italian. We got, yeah, yeah. Two Tony. This is an episode of Kill Tony's. I found it all kind of a, if let's just say that if it was an Italian dish, it would be a marinara with no garlic, no onion, no seasoning, really just mashed tomatoes, if you Will.


I mean, I'm German too, so that kind of fits. I guess my German side was coming out. Okay. All Right. Yeah, I would've, I would've rather watched this said from Shift Boyardee. This guy knows what I'm talking about. Who was that guy, by the way? You know that guy who was screamed out doing your shit? He was like, oh, who was that guy? I couldn't even hear. I, I was there a real Italian in here somewhere. There was somebody that in immediately heckled you. There was a man in the audience that recognized it was incredible. It is hard to believe. We always have to be the center Italian in the audience. That's our problem. Yeah. So it was a little slow, I think. A little slow. You were a little te tentative. Next time you might wanna come out just a little bit more, get to a punchline a little faster.


That's, that's all. It's a little, little quicker if you can. Okay. Yeah. You meandered just a bit. But I understand you were getting to it. Let's figure out more about you Quinn. Stuff you could talk about. 'cause you're just talking about the most broad of all broad things, which is being Italian, which is hard for even an Italian to talk about. 'cause it's broad, right? It's old. Yeah. We cook. Yeah, there's a, there's there's some crime. Right. Try not to get too niche. Right. So I've been doing slaughterhouse five jokes for the last week, but those haven't been hitting. What's that mean? What does that mean? It's A book that most of us read junior year of high school. But that's why I kinda had to stop doing it. 'cause a lot of people I figured out didn't do it. I didn't do it either. I just read it last week. What's, what's the plot of this?


The slaughterhouse. So it's a crazy guy. Yeah. I was a joking, I was a joke. So, Quinn, tell us something about your real life. Like what are you into, what are some hobbies, some passions of yours? I mean, just like every, just like every other nerd. I like history. I'm very big into it. I was one of the first guys of my university to major in cannabis history. Surprise, surprise. He's a pothead. It's pretty sick. I did my whole research project on the Emerald Triangle and like the boom and bus cycle in it. I got to do some really cool interviews and explore up there. And then there's some like wacko taco bullshit that like you guys know about, like the Carthaginians and stuff. The what?


The, The Oh, this is like a deep dive. We gonna do a deep dive. Do you guys wanna hear some shit? No. We're all right. But Yeah, we did. But you smoke weed. Yeah. Yeah. How much, how much weed do you smoke a day? Like and what do you do? Do you work what you high or Usually not. Yeah, It's just kind of a nighttime thing or what? Yeah, Typically. Have You had a really bad trip on pot? Like any fun stories there? Oh yeah. There's one show around here. It's called Can I, can I tag another show? Am I allowed to do that? Well, I don't know. Come on. No, Quin, say something funny before you start promoting things. I get Two Jesus fucking Christ Christ shout outs to all my projects. Well, no, I was just saying I got too high there all the time.


'cause you make it it too high. And every time I do it, just like now I'm like, should I move to Austin? Am I freaking out? That's my favorite thing about pot. I could smoke it, you know, I used to smoke it all the time. I could tell myself I'm not an addict. I was an addict. It was unfortunate. Talk To me about the Carthaginians. I want to know what the carthaginians all right are and if we have disagreeable theories on them. Okay. So I think they were all fat homosexual truckers That actually, no, that that checks out. They did travel the world. They did do trade. They came to North America, I think. So there's What's, what's the trashiest thing you ever saw in all your years in Kentucky? The trashiest thing I've ever seen in all my years in Kentucky.


You were in Kentucky. You know what it is? Yeah. What was it? Anything? Yes. I don't know. There's a lot. I live next to a Greyhound station, so there's like a constant amount of cars going out and out of there. That was pretty tough. I saw my dad's car go in there once You saw your dad's car go into where? The Greyhound station. But there's the buses or dogs. Well, there was, There's a guy, A guy just broke a beer bottle over his own head. This interview is so rough. Guy. Just fucking, this is rough Quinn. I know. Did someone in Kentucky tell you that you're funny and that you should move to Austin? Yeah, that's the scariest part. Oh God. What? What's the answer? Yes. I don't Think so.


No one did. No one. This was your own idea. Oh no. People did tell me I was funny, but okay. Again, it's Kentucky and so we don't have good education there. Right, right. Do you, do you recognize that song? I do, Yes. Your parents white trash, they Kentucky trash. No, They're pretty cool. Yeah. What do they do for work? My dad, he does accounting for a pressure washing firm. So that actually is pretty trash. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Pretty Trashy. Pressure washing. He's got his hands full of work. And then my mom, oh God, she does it for a waste management company. Yep. So that Sounds pressure washing and waste management. Wow. This was a Waste. And then you are a door guy on sixth Street.


I am. Did you enjoy going there though? You were there like two weeks ago. Oh, you got a stalker, Tony. You got a stalker. Where was I? Here we go. This is what people do when their interviews suck. You walked by me. No, no, no, no. I wasn't there. I wasn't there. I don't, I have no, well, what? I don't know. Maybe you remembered spots that you go I don't. Did you? Maybe I do. I don't know. What's the name of the place. I Was about the Liberty. I wasn't at the Liberty. You're saying I walked by the Liberty? No, no. I, I like, I was doing sound and doing a show over at Narvar, but this Is like a weird curriculum. Misconnection. Yeah. You were walking by the Liberty. I was jerking off onto a Truck. It's like the craziest tradition. Oh my God. When people really, Really Bomb as hard as they can, they go, I saw you once on the sidewalk.


You remember? No Fucking no Dude. How would that, how would that stand out? Did somebody tell you? I was inside of the bar that you work at? Yeah. It was you and Ari. They said they literally like named you. They're like, Hey, they were here last night. Ari Shafi. Yeah. There's, There's a zero 0% chance that that happened. The liberty. Okay. Okay. We Got it in. I mean, I didn't see you. I was just told So I You're just trying to start a little conversation here. Yeah. Yeah. And we also landed on the boat. Obviously Nothing else is working. The fuck outta Here. It's unbelievable. One of the dumbest things someone can do is just reference. You remember, remember a couple weeks ago? I ask You weren't even there.


I know. What kind of bar is the Liberty? It's like a little die bar. Oh, okay. Yeah. It's pretty sick. Alright. Yeah, it's a good time. What's, Can I ask one question before he leaves? What's the, what's like the, the biggest thing in Kentucky? You go to Kentucky, it say, Tony goes back to Kentucky. There's, there's nothing. There's nothing. There's nothing. I, I You have to go across the river to Cincinnati for there to be something and there's hardly anything there. There you go. Here's A little joke. Buck. You're gonna catch it. There you go. Quinn PE for the love of God. What?


Hello everyone. This podcast is sponsored by Via Guys hosting the number one live podcast is tough. And that means I gotta take my self-care seriously. Let's be real. 2020 fives been all about change. Whether it's work, personal stuff, or just the daily grind, it can be hard to keep up. But here's the deal. When things get hectic, we don't have to go through it alone. Embrace the power of nature and elevate your every day with via trusted by over a half a million happy customers. Via is the Swiss Army knife of wellness dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create high quality wellness products. Whether you're looking to improve your sleep focus recovery, add a little pep your step or just get high via has something for you. With products ranging from zero to 100 milligrams of THC Via gives you the power to blaze your own trail. Via is well renowned for their award-winning THC and THC, free gummies and vapes. THCA flour soothing topicals and calming drops, all crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted independently owned American Farms. And the best part via Legally Ships to nearly all states in the US in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee no medical card required. So if you're 21 or over, check out our link Avaya's website, link in our description and use code TONY for 15% off. And if you're new to via, get a free gift card of your choice. Red band Tony Levi VIIa. Their THCA flour makes me feel amazing. After a long stressful day, I personally use their gummies to help me with sleep. I love that they're made in the USA and that their products range from zero to a hundred milligrams of THC. So if you're 21 or over, check out the link Avaya in our description. Use Koni to receive 15% off. And if you're new to aya, get a free gift of your choice. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your everyday with Via.


Hello indeed. This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN Going online without express. VPN is like forgetting to mute yourself on a Zoom meeting. Do you really want your coworkers to hear you trash talking them because all your traffic flows through their servers. Internet service providers, including mobile network providers, know every single website you visit Express VPN Reroutes 100% of your traffic through secure encrypted servers. So your ISP can't see your browsing history. Red band Tony Express VPN is the best. It hides your IP addresses, making it extremely difficult for third parties to track your online activity. It's also easy to use. Just fire up the app and click one button to get protected. Not to mention it works on all devices, phones, laptops, tablets, and more. So you can stay private on the go. I personally use Express VPN when we travel so I can stay private. Know that all my data is safe and sound. It's personally important to me to not have my data hacked by some Hugh Jackman in the movie Swordfish type of guy. Protect your online privacy today by visiting express vpn.com/koni. That's E-X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/koni and you can get an extra four months free express vpn.com/ KILL. TONY,


Ladies and gentlemen, this is very, very exciting. I pulled the name out of the bucket of a young man who works here all the time. This is very special. I have no idea if he's even ever signed up before. This is truly one of the top young rising comedians in the world. I think maybe he's been on this show in la. It's been a long time. Either way you slice it Ladies and gentlemen, let it be known. This is a new minute from Asan Ahad. Everybody make some noise for a song. Everybody. So Israel and Palestine just signed their ceasefire, so ha mazel talk to them.


The whole thing started when Hamas paragliding into a rave, which take the context of everything that happened outside of it away. That does sound like a great day with the boys. You know what I mean? Just smoking weed in the cave. Just Abdul, get the paragliders. Just fucking holy shit ABM doing this one gang. It's one gang. Just two flags on your paragon and one Palestinian that says Saturdays are for the boys. You know, just fucking committing a terrorist attack to a rave to techno. Just D it D of that. Think it. Think it. Think of that. Think it. Think it. Think of that. Think it. Think it. Think of that It think it. Think of that it it think of that.


That was sandstorm by de root. In case you missed it. I don't know if you, I've been as son Mod Asan. Ahma. Oh my God. Wow. Coming up here. Cleaning up after a fucking boar of Kentucky. Holy shit. You know what's funny? He was talking about the liberty and I was like, Tony, that was the bar that we were at with Ari Shafi. The night at the picture. Wait, no it wasn't. No it wasn't. You're being funny. That was not it. That was one of them, right? That was the white horse. No, The picture was that White Horse Liberty? No, Liberty's West. We went east. Okay, okay. I thought, I thought Liberty's east. Oh, okay. Maybe we we were on a bar crawl.


That's what Ari wanted to do. Which fucking one was the liberty? I have no idea, but I know that's One of them. Look at the liberty real quick. There's no way. Isn't the liberty fucking west? It's east. I was there. Fuck the poor guy. I'm like, fuck you, you're not funny. Get the fuck outta here. Oh, it's step, it's just blatantly east. Same street. But that way it is literally just five minutes. Just do east on sixth Street. Same side of the road. My location is still there. I'm still at the Liberty.


There's a blue dot. Holy shit. The poor guy. The poor guy. Well now he is gonna be a hero. Quinn, just hear the internet. Quinn, your comedy sucked. But dude, you got Tony good, Geographically Accurate about the whereabouts of Tony hcl. Ari Shafi absolutely insisted that to celebrate his special ta, a special release on Netflix, he wanted to go east and do a shot and a drink at every single. Do I talk about this last week? Yes. We literal talked. You talked about this last week and fucking God, we had we Yeah, that was one of those nights. Yeah. Asan, you were along with us and we had a blast. Yeah, he was right.


Yeah, he was right. It ended up working out. You're so funny, man. That fucking making that stuff funny that, that at attack. That is fucking great. Really? It, it's so odd. I love the angle you took to hear a Jew say that. It really Was kind of Hama. Hazel is gonna be my, my new catchphrase. I'll let you we go hazy on it, but that was great. It's, you can have it. It's yours. You're legend. Okay, great. Alright. You guys heard it. It was really funny. You're very sharp. You very quick. I like the pace. Yeah, it's great. Thank You. Thank you. Asan always killing it. Always part of the actual scene here. I mean the equivalent to like a high level comedy store, paid regular, you are the equivalent to here.


One of the first people from LA to move here. Yep. With your homie and podcast co-host Derek Poston, who we all love. You've actually been the one man panel on an episode in 2022. I've Been on the panel three times, but I had this Israel Palestine joke and I was like, it's the perfect time to drop it. I'll sign up for KILL TONY. It's What happens. I love it. I love it when my buddies sign up for the show and are lucky enough to get pulled out of the bucket happened with Matt Edgar a few weeks ago And now you, what else is going on in Life of Sun? What have you been learning? You're kind like a, how long have you been doing this? Ooh, 12 years. 12 years. And that's at a comedy store level? Yeah. Yeah. You are a former comedy store door guy. Oh yeah. I watch, I watched the sh I watched the, I started working when the show was in the belly room.


Yep. The one thing I noticed is that the people who do poorly on this show always ask the audience how they're doing. So I was like, when I get up here, just start the joke. You only have a minute. Why waste of time. Exactly. You are absolutely correct. How does your hair go like that? Come on. We're all thinking it. Well, you're, you're funny. You're funny. But like, what the fuck Going on up there? The, the grace of Allah. You know, just, I ain't that the what Phrase too? You gotta, You got a little fucking Gaza strip right down the middle there. That shit is unbelievable. Holy shit.


It reminds me of the Bar of the Liberty. It's, I love it. Asan. What else is going on? Tell us something else crazy about your life before we get you outta here. I, huh? Something crazy. I mean, I've taken you to your homeland San Jose, Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well, yeah. Not is Homeland. Yeah. Yeah. San Jose. Hey, I like that. And I've met your adorable parents. Your tiny, tiny, absolutely adorable little super tiny Indian parents. I mean, they are just the cutest things you've ever Seen. I do have the most adorable parents. They really are. You're like a giant compared to them.


Yeah, I'm, I am five six and I'm six inches taller than both of them. Yeah. I'm the tall guy in my family. It's crazy. Did they Bring you home free chocolate after work every Day? They are very, very short. Yet somehow they are both seven 11 and nine 11. It's incredible. Is incredible. For those of you that don't know, Asan is the new head of the FBI. I don't know if you guys have been paying attention to that. Watch out Mexicans. I coming. That's right, that's right. That Cat bridge too. It's gonna sneak right up on you people. These Brown two.


What can Brown do for you? Okay. Assan. So much fun. Great stuff as always. I'll fucking see you tomorrow. We'll do it again. We do standup together all the time. One of the best, one of the best comedians around. He's killing it. Growing, thriving. Back to the bucket we go Ladies and gentlemen, and your next bucket pool goes by the name of Jake Kennedy. Time for Jake Kennedy. Mix notes for Jake. Everybody. I come from your typical normal sized family. You know, my sister's six foot, my mom's six foot, and my dad just really beat the fuck outta me.


Really stunned in my growth growing up. Yeah. My mom, she really wanted me to feel special. I remember she pulled me into her office one day and she said, son, you're going to dwarf camp. I said, mom, I already get bullied. You know? So nevertheless, I went and it's exactly what you guys are thinking. They gather all the little people from all the little villages. They put 'em in a ring and we fight to the death. Yeah. You know, it's a cruel world. My girlfriend just dumped me. I was talking to a buddy about it and just telling him how, you know, I was coming in between her career goals, you know, and he just looked at me and said, dude, that bitch works at Applebee's.


Nevertheless, don't call her a bitch. She doesn't like that. That's my time. Okay. Hell yeah. Jake Kennedy, welcome to the show. This is your first time on, right? Yes, sir. Okay. Welcome. Jim Norton. What do You I just, I'm your son was just out here. You were really, You are adorable. I can't tell whether you're a little person or a huge midget. What is the actual deal? I know, I know. You like to guess. What do you think? I have Fucking that sexism Down syndrome. What is it? I have Phim or herpes? It's d You can have both. Who you been talking to?


No, I have a disease called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia. Oh my God. Yeah. Tell us what that is exactly. In a bunch of words. It's like, I have spiked bones and it stunts the growth. Whoa. So I actually, What the fuck, red band? What the fuck? Literally the worst sound effect you could have played right there. It is. Party time, spiked bones. That is a great band name. Ooh. All. All right. Is that really what you have? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Or if you're like a really short mailman that your father hates And don't ask questions. How, how tall are you? Like 5, 5, 2. 5 2, 2, 5, 2. Wow. Thank you. Five two. What do you Doty do for a living? We've had a guy that loves hanging out in chocolate factories. Peter Angelo was on earlier. That's an asshole joke by the way. 'cause he's a fat gay guy. Alright, back to you. You're dressed like a baby swim coach. Yeah, it's, it is adorable. It Is adorable. That's a tough gig to get. So that's not an insult. 50 bucks an hour. Very tiny.


Very tiny soprano. Tiny soprano. Forever. 21 inches. I love this getup. You're you're absolutely a cutie pie. This is how people like dress teddy bears and shit. This is Up to your chest king. This is the most compliments I've ever gotten. So I want to thank you guys. You take, you're taking it in stride. That's a compliment. Yeah. Now what, what do you, what do you, so what did you, what did you ask him? What I asked the question. Fucking guy. Ever since you started working with that Doctor Phil character, you had this new hosty thing that you tried. So what do you, what do you, what do you what do you what? We're watching you think about the question. All. All right, I'll pick him Up.


No. Oh, he's got spiked bones. Be careful. Wait a second. Oh my God. Oh my God. I bet you he is heavy. I can tell by the look. I can tell by the look on Tony Caruso's face. This motherfucker's heavier than he thought he'd be. That's a fucking dead weight. I think I got sp spike bones. Ah, fuck. I fucked that up. Edit it out. Yoni. Two Tony's and a spike bony. This is a party in here tonight. Jake Kennedy. How long you been doing standup? This is my first time ever, Tony. Wow. Look at that. That's a good first time. The goat of the first time.


How old are you? 25. 25 years old. Absolutely adorable. The, the 25 years old. I guess the math works. He has the body of a 12-year-old in the face of a 40-year-old. This is incredible. You just gotta do the math. Divide it by two, figure it out. What do you do for work? Jake Kennedy. I'm a violinist. You're a professional violinist. Do you play fucking way? Stand a face? Yeah. No, No. He can't reach the, the notes up there that left hand. He needs a tiny little cello tiniest world. What's the tiniest, even a harmonica is a is a two-handed adventure for you.


I cannot picture you. You professionally play the violin for a living. Yes sir. Where can people see you? I work on a pirate ship. Hold on. Holy. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I was gonna say that to you too. You do it. You Do it. We'll be right back. I mean, you're like the movie Jack. You know, have you ever seen the movie Jack? No. Alright, this out Yoni. Okay, so when did you start playing the violin? When I was 10. Wow. And look at you now. You make a good living doing that.


I can sustain myself kind of. Yeah. You know. Where's This? How far is your violin from here right now? It's at my house in, I'm on East 10th. Oh shit. In Which state? Oh, Jesus Christ. Yeah. Oh, keep It in Yoni. Keep it in. How far away? How many minutes away? Is it Like 10? I have an electric bike, so like 10 minutes. Can you hop on your electric bike? Go grab your violin and then we'll close out the episode with a little song. My from Jake Kennedy. Is that okay? Here, take this on your way. There you go. Don't. Don't let to crush you. Jake Kennedy. Hey, you know what? You know what?


It's only fitting Jesus Christ. Tony. Set the fuck that. It's only fitting. You get a little joke book too. Jake Kennedy has arrived. He will be back in a little bit, a very little tiny bit. Oh my goodness. Jake Kennedy. Wow. How adorable is Jake Kennedy? I cannot wait to see him play a tiny little violin later. What was the pirate? This gonna be pirate. That's like a thing though. He probably plays the world's smallest violin. That's like a figure of speech. We're gonna do it tonight.


He's gonna take his little tiny electric scooter and everyone in the city's gonna be like, look at that happy little guy. What's he so happy about? He's out there like a little rubber ducky and he's gonna be smiling ear to ear. Hopefully he makes it back. Okay. All in one piece. He's out there riding around on these streets with spiked bones, Taking a chance. He's just out there like a little fucking absolutely adorable thing.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by kovus. Anywhere worth going Is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovus Kovus crafts quality Western boots for everyone from generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys. To first time boot buyers Born in Texas in 2015, Kovus makes it easy for anyone to find their perfect boot. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right outta the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress. That's why Esquire loves them and says there's a reason we keep coming back to Kovas. And speaking of Esquire and men, that should be on the cover of the next issue. Here's Anne. Tony. I love Kovas. Being in Austin, you see a lot of boots and kovas are by far the best. They are just so dang comfortable. I wear them when I'm out, out in the town at the grocery store. You name it. They make me feel great when I put them on. I feel like the freaking Marlboro man. Tony, wow. You smell like them too. Ever wondered if you could pull off the boots with your personal style. You owe it to your feet to pull on a put on a pair of Tecovas Plus with Kovas Best in the West guarantee you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now, get 10% off at tecovas.com/koni when you sign up for emails and texts. That's 10% off at TECO vs.com/koni tecovas.com/koni. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes West. Good day y'all.


This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, life poses many questions, but your relationship asks the big question. Are you thinking of popping the big question? Sure, it's a huge moment. But what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red Band, Jody Blue Nile is theBest@bluenile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring that you can imagine at a price you'll never find a traditional jeweler. That's right. Red band. Since 1999, blue Nile has been the original HAL nine jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they will meet or beat a competitor's price on a comparable diamond. Your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases, even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns so you can make sure the ring you pick is the one and because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.


Alright, let's get back to this bucket and then we'll get a regular up here. Ladies and gentlemen, let's do it. We're gonna meet 'em all together. 60 seconds uninterrupted for Frank Dein. Frank Dein had some fun bucket pools tonight. Hi y'all. My name's Frank Dein. I realize I sound like the love child of Barbara Walters and Mike Tyson. Something between the bishop on Princess Pride and Barry Crypt. A Big Bang Theory and maybe a little bit of Elmer fud. Where's that sly rabbits. My mother, she didn't help me out much.


She named my brother Nick. I can pronounce Nick. She names me Frank. It could have been worse. It could have been Francis or Francisco or Worship of all war. How about my last name? May been no Wiley Warrior Wiley and his brother Corey. What a disaster that would've been. Who is the asshole that put the ass in Lisp? Huh? I think it was Shakespeare. The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune motherfucker. And who's the asshole over a apple that came up with silly? Huh? There some pothead. Computer geek. Thinking of a guy like me saying, Siri, where was Wiley White?


The wheel White Siri. Where was your Budha Juba woman and rotisserie Siri. Where was Sally? She she, she Shaq. Motherfucker. Motherfucker. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna cut you off before that. Bear interrupts you. Frank Dein has arrived to the KILL TONY Universe. Holy shit. Oh my God. Where do I even begin? That is absolutely incredible. You keep the last comedian in that little pocket on the front of your shirt. You guys are a comedy duo.


Absolutely incredible. Frank, I have about 2 million questions for you right now. Let's just get it going. First, I want to check and see Jim Norton, what do you think of IIII Have loved you ever since you threw Mama from the train. Thank you. That's a reference I love The bitch. Deserved it. This is incredible. Yeah. Speaking of Mama, you look like the mom from the Goonies. That's a compliment. That's a great part. Is incredible. You look like such a character you're built for comedy. How long you been doing it? Going on? Six years. Okay.


Where at? Where exactly? What? Fucking new Columbus, Ohio. Columbus, Ohio. Holy Shit. Did you ever walk by a bar and see Tony Hinchcliffe? Very good. So Columbus, Ohio. You still live there? I actually actually live in Kingston, Ohio. Oh, okay. Which is about an hour south of Columbus. Kingston, Yeah. Neil Chillicothe. I know you're from Youngstown. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh gee, I loved your delivery system. This is absolutely incredible. You're such a likable guy. How do you make a living? I'm retired currently. What were, what are you you retired For? I practiced medicine for 27 years. You were a doctor?


Yes, I was. Oh my God. Can you fucking imagine? Wait, can you fucking imagine? Wait, are you Alright? Here's the scene. Alright. It's, I just got my, my whole system just got overloaded. I'm so glad you're here. Right. I love you Donny. Here we go. Alright, so, so hold on Now we're the patients and tell us, you gotta tell us that we both got aids. Okay. Yeah. Red Van hit me with some hospital music. There's There, there's no real hospital music. Okay, here we go. All right.


Very good. Thank you. Okay. Hello Doctor? Yes. Hey Doc, we've been waiting for your arrival. It's been a long wait, by the way. Me and my Husband. I know it, it sucks. Oh God. Gee, this is not good. This Is not good. Okay. You're a doctor. What are you the only doctor? I'm it? Yeah, You're fucked. Oh my God. What do we have? You have age motherfucker. Oh Shit. Oh my God. This is Willy Willy. Bad news. Oh My Goodness.


Can you say that to all folks for me? Oh, Folks for You? Huh? What? Can you, nevermind. Yeah. Okay. Looney to reference. So Frank, you were like a general doctor. Yeah. Yeah. Family practice. So you were Dr. Frank Dement? That's correct. Holy shit. That is incredible. Was did you always have your hair like that and facial hair? No. No. This is more of a retired look. Yeah. Were you ever married? Did you ever have kids? Married twice. Married Twice. Okay. No kids. No kids. Why do you think that is? How do you think you ended up being so lucky to not have kids? I don't know. Hopefully I'm in foot. That's, yeah. That's, that's the hope. A guy like you, I would totally have expected you to for your She Spread my seed.


Yeah. I love how you roll with everything. You have a great sense of humor. So, six years you've been doing it based out of Columbus, Ohio. So you've been doing the Funny Bone. Yeah. Right. And other places. Yeah. What do you do for fun? What does a retired doctor do for fun? Actually, just the comedy is most of fun. Lemme Ask you this, you had two wives. How did the first one end you cheat on her? No. No. Okay. What happened? Well, it was one of those things. She was a high school dropout and I was a college dropout and I grew and she didn't How were you a doctor and a college dropout? Well, At the time I'm not. You went At the time. Then I went to co I went to the army and then I went to college.


Okay. What the fuck did you do in the Army? I was a medical lab tech. Oh, wow. Yeah, absolutely. They, they asked me to go, go into linguistics, but I said, well, I'm not fucking this language up bad enough. You need me to fuck up another One. Always kind of had a speech impediment all my Life. Where do you think that comes from? How does that happen? If you, you're, you were a former doctor, where do you think, how does that even happened? I have no idea. I don't know of any trauma, but I understand my father sounded like this, but he grew out of it and I didn't. Wow. And how, how old are his Father? Hit him. And your dad didn't want to do that to you? How old are you, Frank?


66. Six. What a terrible age for a guy with your speech. Literally the worst year for You. Six. Six to six. And in six days I turned seven and seven. Jesus Christ Almighty. That thing is aggressive. Yeah. You Just lie about your age. Next time you Lie about my, Yeah, you're 42. We're way over 50. What, is there one word that if, if people bring up in a sentence or like they ask you a question, do you ever get in your head, you go, fuck, I don't wanna say that. You seem like a pretty confident, fearless guy, which I dig, but Yeah. Well, There's sort of three words, but people don't understand full willed and whale. I have no idea what's going on right now.


This I think you just put a curse on me. What the fuck did You just say? You say whale forward and wa whale, Whale, whale, whale. And the problem is, I like my steak. Medium whale. Oh, Oh yeah. My God. Oh my god. You know, if I were the waiter, I think you would say you, I heard you say you like your steak medium whale, but you Yeah, that's what they usually say. You want that Well done? I said, no, I don't want you leather. I want it wet in the middle. But that didn't help much either, did it? Do you have like a long tongue or something like that? I'm trying to figure this out. I don't know. I I started eating pussy at the age of 13 though. Oh Hell yeah. Absolutely Incredible.


And I think my, my tongue became a little muscle bound. Okay. And did people tell you you were good at it? Did the ladies Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. You can lick it. Just don't say it. Wow. Wow. Great. I'm taking that catchphrase. Incredible. So the second marriage, how did that end? I cheated on her. Oh My God. Can you look at the, there's women's faces just like, how the fuck is that possible? Wait, please tell me, you set her down and you go, so look, you're about to experience a little bit of trauma.


I've been eating another pussy. I've been fucking my sweet Therapist. Do you have like extra teeth or like, is it like, what's, what's the is it's the tongue thing. Yeah. Is the tongue. Yeah. So your dad grew out of it. How did he grow out of it? I don't know. I, I most people grow out at live. Yeah. So do you think a lot of your patients back in the day always got a second opinion? Like, I mean, it seems very risky putting their lives in your hands. You just being like, your blood was all just not good. I think we, but I mean, it's like incredible.


You, it's amazing the life that you had. So you saved enough money from being a doctor For how long were you a doctor? 27 Years. 20 Years. Thank you for your service. And you saved enough money to be able to just live your dreams and do whatever you want in comedy basically. More or less. Yeah. Yeah. You own a house? Yes. And you have a car? Yes. What kind of car do you have? I have a Hyundai Ionics. Yeah. I'm a cheap bastard. Okay. Alright. What's the nicest thing you've ever bought for yourself since you Considered I had a Mercedes once. Ooh. What ended up happening with that? I, I had some economical situations and I had to sell it.


Right. And would that be the divorce? And I'm glad and I'm glad, I mean, it was a pain in the butt. It was always expensive to do upkeep on it. Yes. Yes. Parts on Mercedes are expensive. Did You get killed in the divorce? Hmm? Did you get killed in the divorces? No. Financially. Well, the first one, second one. I have a prenup. Nothing Better. Yeah, you Learn man. You learn That cleanup is critical. Yeah. You know, I'm actually looking for a new doctor and I, I'm serious. I I I, I would love if you would step in, I don't know what you charge, what your rates are. Is it a copay? But can I just text you? It's a lot of things of like, can you, like, is this, is this bad?


Like there'll be a spot on my and I'll be like, Hey, is this, but Don't Anytime. You know what I think we should do? I think you guys should go behind that curtain. I think you should check your prostate. Prostate right now. How does that sound tone? Look at that. Look at that finger. Do that again. Look at that. Right. Oh my God. All right. Well I don't know. Yeah, get back there. And then Tony, if you wanna stick your face out of the curtain while he does it, you could feel free to do that Tony. Oh yeah. They might be making love by this point. I don't know what's happening. This may have been a crazy idea. Yeah. Oh, there it is. Okay, here we go.


Whenever you're ready. Tony says, whenever you're ready. Let's see. I think we're probably, oh, okay. Well we're good. Okay. Come back out Frank. Okay. He's so adorable. He almost stayed back there. I'm not even joking. He put a little bit of his finger in my, I wish I was joking. I thought that was a bit, but he actually put a finger in between my legs. Nobody could see him yet. He's still committed to the bid. Give it up for this guy. That was Wow. Absolutely. I'm gonna need a new pair of paint and a new doctor. Frank, you are a fucking little angel.


Welcome to the KILL TONY Universe. You are absolutely going to be loved by the people. When you came out I thought this guy looks silly as hell. We're gonna have a lot of fun talking to him, but the comedy's probably not gonna be there. And boy, you absolutely crush the room. I loved it. You are as funny as you look. You are as funny as you sound. I love how you make fun of yourself and laugh at the jokes. Welcome, welcome. Come back, sign up again. All different shapes and sizes of people here. Absolutely anything can happen. We pull names out of a bucket and that is where we find all of our regulars. We're out here changing lives, giving people an opportunity like your next comedian who is one of the top regulars in the history of the show.


Ladies and gentlemen, here with a brand new minute. This is the great and powerful Cam Patterson. Everybody. That's the only guy on earth that sound worse than me. Hey nigga. That nigga talked it terrible. That was horrible dog. And I just said, and I just said talked it. So that's how I feel about it. I, yo, I got a new girlfriend now. I was the dumbest shit I ever did in my life. Don't woo for that. Pretty stupid. I got my girlfriend. She pretty, that's a problem. I hate that. I only date the ugly girl about design before.


'cause I like ugly women. 'cause you can mold a ugly bitch. 12 of you want them to be what They gonna leave you. Where you gonna go? Dude? Dude, you stop me forever. We locked in for life. You ugly whore. I love you though. You feel me? Because a bad bitch, she know her worth for ugly bitch not gonna go nowhere. I had an ugly bitch one time. I miss her so much. We had, I miss her a lot. Dog. I mean we was all eating food with my homeboy and shit. All they girlfriends and shit like that. And they had me a little real dude. Ah, little ugly. But the best thing about it is all my homeboy's girlfriends got their food before we, before we did. Right. And they started eating. But my ugly bitch ain't eat. She waited till I got my food.


And then my homeboy was like, nigga, she well trained. And I was like, yeah. And then I found out that her boyfriend used to beat her. Thank that man. That's her. That's a good guy. I appreciate him for that. Now listen, some of y'all didn't clap or laugh at that. You look very sad about that man. I'm understand something. I'm not, I I'm not saying I would've hit her, but I'm thankful that somebody did. Right. And That's my time. Fuck yeah. Bing bang. Boom. Cam Patterson another new minute and a half. Oh shit. Okay. Hell yeah. I love it. The full fucking thing.


You've done it again. Not easy to do A new minute every single week. This shit tough. It really is. Shit. Tough as hell. I hear all the time about, you know where you just we're doing standup all the other nights of the week and you hear like, oh it was just a duh da da duh. Cam had a great set. Cam was here. Cam was there. Ari's here. Ari's there. Everybody's working hard. Hell yeah. Always writing. It's incredible what we're doing here. And to see you do it, it's insane, right? Hell Yeah. Yeah. More up. Hell yeah. How's things been going? It's Been good, man. Life been pretty cool man. Shit been dope. I just did Deion Sanders show on Tuby. My dad really excited about That. Hell yeah. Hell yeah.


Prime Time. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell was he, it was dope. He was cool as shit, man. Deion Sanders? Hell yeah. He is the Man. He, he pretty, he a good dude man. That a fuck. Is it standup or Nah, it's like a talk show. It was cool to ended up being on like real TV and shit. They had gave me like makeup that felt gay. I ain't like that at all. Whoa, whoa, whoa. It's not gay. Nothing. I mean, look, look, I'm cool with the gays. Look what I'm saying. Wearing makeup is just fine. Just fine. Nah, Nah. Makeup pretty gay man. It's Makeup work on you. Huh? What kind of, What the fuck that mean Red man? Yeah. What exactly Fuck Did that mean at all Man? What exactly did they do? Huh? What exactly did they do? What kind of makeup did they have? They Had regular, they a lady came in and did shit to my face.


What was it? What color was the shit? What? I don't know. I didn't ask no questions. I was like, You didn't look, you didn't you. I didn't wanna Know. I didn't wanna know Close her eyes. Yeah, She probably put powder on you 'cause you looked like you were baptized in Hennessy. You know what I'm saying? You gotta just dab it up and clean you up a little bit. You're an attractive guy. You don't need much. What the Fuck that even mean, man? Yeah. I don't know. This is what he looked like before the makeup. So He going to a funeral. Where he going? Who died? Man. He is. Who the fuck is dressing D Madness man. I love it. You got on a, you got on a turtle suit nigga. You know that He's Got a bolo on tonight.


It's fun. It's fun seeing what D Madness wears. It's fun getting to tell D Madness what he's wearing tonight. It's the only person you get to break the news to. And you won't believe this shit, nigga. You, you just for Prince's funeral, nigga. This shit, shit is crazy. A style king. We bust his balls a lot, but meanwhile he is weekly the best dressed band member on the show. You would think they're all blind, But no, They just don't Fucking Michael Gonzalez has been wearing a fucking upside down nacho bull for the last year. No one's talking about it.


The old family tortilla over there. The fucking guy. Absolutely incredible. So Cam, you hung out with Dion Sanders? Yeah. So you gonna be at some like Colorado games in I I wouldn't have one. I wouldn't have one couple months ago. Yeah. When they was playing this shit. That shit was dope. Yeah, I would've noticed you. But everybody on the sideline looks exactly like you. But I had, I had a Colorado shirt on and everybody thought I was a recruit. Yeah. And I, I would line my ass off too. I'm going, hell yeah, I'm on way. Who know? I might come for sure. Hell yeah. Yeah. Hell Yeah. Oh, lying Like shit. Yeah. I don't want this to sound racist, but okay. Wait, wait a minute. That's a, that's a terrible start. I Know. That's the, that's one of the worst starts in America.


Well aware of that. But is is, is there like a Deion Sanders is known for being a flashy flare filled guy, right? Yeah. So is there like a cool, like did he do a really cool black handshake that even threw you off? Do you know what I'm saying? That's a good question. Was the handshake complex? Now? We both from Florida, so we got the same shit. We both from Florida, so it's not, you know what I'm saying? Can you Show us? Can you air show us what a handshake would be? He do it. Do it. Isn't that fucking guy can't do it? He Probably do it. A white guy in sunglasses. Why? Dude, why Some ass Though right now? You could do it. Fuck Wrong with you nigga. And you're looking at your wife like, you better not Have a girl. Oh no. Look, look. Go to the Puerto Rican with the gold grill over here. Here he is. Oh. Oh sh oh, that's it.


It it was simple. Its simple. Oh, come on. It's real simple. TONY CARUSO is a better handshake than come On show. I can show you a black or handshake than today. Yeah, let's go. Come on Tony. Ladies and gentlemen, follow My lead. I follow my wait. No. Play some cool rap music for me. Come on. Like give him a good, yeah. So let's say I walk into like a black nightclub, right? Which I love by the way. I love Because you're usually there to make some arrests of some kind. What are you doing? I'm usually looking for some big fat black pussy Tony, but Ties it, Which is my website. Big Bad Black Pussy slash TONY CARUSO. So let's say I walk into the club and I go, cam, good to see ya. Yo.


Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit. Whoa. Oh, up top down low and the reverse fist bump. Fist bump, crisscross, double piece work in the rib section. Oh, and then in, oh yeah, there it is. Thank. So Hell yeah. Wow. Wow. Absolutely. And then I call him the N word. But I can do that in the car on the way home. Cam Patterson, we absolutely love you. Congratulations on being you one of the top rising stars of the industry.


The great Camp Patterson. Make some noise for his dad. Kenny Patterson's in the house somewhere tonight. We love Kenny Patterson. We love Kenny. Sometimes I sound like Trump. We love his dad raised one of the good ones.


Hello everyone. This podcast is sponsored by Prize picks All Star Weekend is almost here in prize. Picks is the best place to win cash while watching your favorite players during the game. And the Saturday night events like the three point contest. Sign up today to get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed. Think Steph Curry will get more than five. Three pointers next week. Giannis for more than 35 points. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this basketball season when you and your crew run your game on prize picks. Sports specialist, red band Tony, I love prize picks. There are so many amazing opportunities to get on this week on prize picks. I'm looking at the football board and selecting Jason Tatum for more than 29 points and eth Anthony Edwards for more than 25 points. Wow. You know who those guys are? Anna? Mm. That sounds very strong Red band. I like those picks. Download the app today and use Code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, download the app today and use code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize picks, run your game.


This is an ad from BetterHelp Online therapy. We always hear about the red flags to avoid in relationships, but it's just as important to focus on the green flags if you're not quite sure what they look like. Therapy can help you identify those qualities so you can embody the green flag energy and find it in others. BetterHelp offers therapy a hundred percent online and signup only takes a few minutes. Visit BetterHelp dot com today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com.


Alright, your next bucket pool goes by the name of Ryan Jack. Everybody make some noise for Ryan Jack. We're gonna meet 'em all together. This is that episode up. KILL TONY. Hey. Hey you guys. I'm in therapy. I like therapy because you learn a lot about yourself when you go, you know, like my therapist told me that I have a hard time telling people no. And then he pulled his pants back up. Yeah, that was a tough realization. That was a hard dick to swallow for sure. You know, I don't know. I think I'm in therapy because I have a lot of addictions. You know, like lately I've been addicted to watching police body camera videos on YouTube.


I can't get enough of these videos. I think the reason why I am so addicted to these videos though, is because they're all titled like porn. Like every cop video on YouTube I click on is titled like 20-year-old College Girl Gets what she Deserves. Yeah. Karen gets physical and learns her lesson. You know, man packs heat and shorts, all the classics, you know, and just like porn. The more that I watch these videos, the more I start to develop an unrealistic standard for police officers. You know, like one time I got arrested and the cop pinned me down to the ground and I was like, I can't get hard. I'm sorry, I can't.


He tried Tasing Me, choking me. There You go. Great set. Ryan. Jack The Bucket is powerful tonight. An incredible, incredible. Another Bucket Pull. Jim Norton Thoughts. Very funny. And every punchline was hidden. I didn't see any of them coming. It was really, really good man. It was, none of them were predictable. Really good writing. Very funny. Thank you. Very funny. Yeah. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yeah. Ryan, Jack, how long have you been with Standup? About Four years. Four years. And you really are in therapy? I am. I am. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What types of things, what types of trauma have you had in your life that you talk to your therapist about?


Ah, Just mostly daddy issue. Shit like that. You just, my dad calling me retarded and shit all the time. But you know what, what are gonna do? That's it. That's how you end up being funny. Yeah. Are You Theo Vaughn's kid? I think so. Was your principal also a raccoon? Ryan, where are you from? I'm from Salt Lake City, Utah. Salt Lake City, Utah. Absolutely. You come from a Mormon family? No. No. Actually both of my parents were raised Mormon, but I'm not. They kept us in Utah for some reason. I don't know why, but Absolutely. Yeah. What, how long you been with standup? Four years. Four years? Yeah. And what do you do for work? I work at the Dead Rabbit down the St Street there.


Oh, that's one down there of the best bars and restaurants in the city. City Shouts Dead Rabbit. Yes. That is a place that I have been to, unlike the Liberty Too soon. An incredible fucking place. Absolutely mind blowing food and drinks. It is an award-winning bar. The only other location is in New York City. Won all the awards. The second ever location. Just a block away here on sixth Street? Correct. West of here. Can I ask why your parents didn't raise you Mormon? Are you supposed to? I, I don't know. I, I think they just wanted to drink alcohol. I don't know.


I don't know what their deal was. Fucking Did they drink a lot? Yeah, A decent amount. Not, not too much. I mean, my dad binges every now and then, but, you know, Other than calling you retarded, did he beat you up a little bit? Yeah, almost. I think my mom stopped and my mom was like the saving grace and all that. So this trauma, I'm, I mean like, I'm pretty sure everybody here has That. I mean, you're the one that brought up the trauma. I mean, you're the one that was like really drilling on the trauma. I didn't, I don't know. It mostly a heavy childhood. But It seems like a, you know, this therapist is, is, is is pretty easy work.


Cut out for him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He collects his check and goes, he's, he's, it's pretty Fun. Is this a weekly thing? Yeah, I try to keep it like once every couple of weeks, but yeah. 'cause I'm running out of things to talk about. It's just kind of annoying at this point. Yeah. Talking about my day. That makes sense. What else have you talked with your therapist about? Oh, shit. Just been addiction, shit like that. Okay. Let's talk about that. Talked about, there It is. We'll talk about what have you been addicted to? What are You addicted to? Eating pennies and putting your finger in the Socket. Yeah. No, pretty much. What have you done? I've been addicted to a, a gas station. Kratom. Have you heard of that song?


Oh Shit. Yeah. You guys finally, someone respects me. I have some friends that are addicted to that. They don't know they're addicted to that. But there's a couple people that basically everyone that tries Kratom kind of gets a, kind of gets a, they really like it. Yeah, let's put it that way. I'm not sure if we have any sponsors right now that are Kratom. So I think we, what is it? Yeah, what is it? What is it? It's a, it is an herb. That's how they, that's how they, it's a natural herb. Much like cocaine and, and show the gas station. Heroin. Yeah. They sell this at gas stations and it's considered non-addictive. And what I've noticed is that people that have been addicted to things that are trying to not be addicted to things, try this and they get addicted to this, but they say that they're not addicted to it, but they do a little bit more every single week.


Boy, if they weren't a sponsor, they are now. That was a great fucking plug. Yeah. Yeah. If you like it, eh, get it from our people, whoever they may do. Did you ever try it? It's to send us all of this stuff. Yeah. I don't do, I don't do anything. I'm a very, very simple man. I know. I don't do, I don't go to the Liberty. Yeah. Ryan, Jack, so you got addicted to a gas station, Kratom, how wild did things get? What was your lowest point on gas station? Kratom. Did you ever suck a fucking cock for Nah, dude. Some. Oh wow. Red band. Very fast. Redband. No, I suck cock for free. It's, that's really, I just, I, I, I blow.


I'm also bisexual, but, oh, so oh, that's sort of just a, yeah. And then buy your own creative, I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah, exactly. No, I, I mostly just spending all my money on that and, you know, that's, that's really it. That's Did your dad Not like that you were bisexual? Like he called you retarded, but was that really the problem? Yeah, he, he ignores it. I think he doesn't really want to. Yeah. I, I think my dad had, my brother has to him. Huh? Has he ignored or just like, my dad hinted at me like being straight and my brother was like, oh, Ryan's bisexual. And I was like, all right. That's cool. That's fine. Just don't Your Brother outed you. Yeah. Wow. How did you, sorry. And that's how your dad found out? Yep. Yeah. So he's more men and you're more men.


Yeah, absolutely. How did you first know that you were bisexual and is it like 50 50? How does that work? 60 40 women men. Like, I'd say it's like half 50, 50. I don't know. I just always liked playing with the boys on the school grounds when I was a kid more than The girls. It's good way to save that there at the end with the, when I was a kid, When I was a child. Not now. We almost found out what your real therapy sessions were about that All good. Hell yeah. So what type of fiddling would you do with your classmates back in the day? I mean, mostly, I mean, wasn't until I was, I didn't fle fondle with anyone.


Yeah. Back then. But I mean, like, in high school, I'd hang, I would hook up with friends and stuff. So Key madness. Just let out a homophobic guest. All my friends Watch the show. I'm sharing way too much right now, but it's Fine. Sometimes I forget. D Madness is homophobic, but he cannot hide it ladies. And You just heard him go like this going? Yeah, he literally sounded like a blind queef, great band name. They're opening up for spiked bones next Friday. Now you have great delivery. You came out, you have a cool look. Right? I think there's a, a comedy checklist for me. It's cool. Look, easy delivery and confidence. And you have all three, four years. Do you feel like it's gonna, you're gonna stand the test of time or is this like a hobby for you?


I, I'm gonna try my best to make this work full time. You know, just keep doing my thing. Good. You know, You should stick with it. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I love it. Do You talk about being by on stage? Yeah, I do. I do have some bits about that. Yeah. Okay, Good. Yeah. There you go. Everyone's gotta know. I dunno. Sound like a dead, but, Alright, cool. What's the longest set you've ever done, Ryan? 10 minutes. I'd love to have you do A short set on the secret show. There you go. You did it. Here's the big joke bug. Here it is. Ryan. Check. Ladies and gentlemen. Yep. Okay, great. You guys are in for a special treat.


One of the greatest golden ticket winners in the entire history of the show is here. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the funniest young ladies working today from Nashville, Tennessee. She is here, Ladies and gentlemen, this is a brand new minute from Fiona Cauley. Everybody, you know her, you love her. Nashville's finest. The many time performer on the show. Golden Ticket winner. This is a brand new minute from Make some noise for Fiona Cauley, everybody.


So it was something I have noticed since being in a chair. I don't think that women see me as like a threat, like to their romantic relationships, which I find fucking ridiculous because I am perfect. Height does suck your dude's dick.


That's not a joke. That's a threat. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I don't suck Dick. Not during allergy season. That's just dangerous. Talk about head gold. Oh yeah. Thank you. Fiona Cauley. Everybody with a brand new minute. Fiona. Fiona. Fiona, where do we even begin with you? Welcome back. Thank you.


Absolutely. Always. Wonderful. There's a, there was a lot that happened there. Have you sucked dicks while sitting in the chair before? Is that a thing that you do you have a boyfriend? I always see him. Yeah. Just I gotta be charged for and back. Yeah. That That is correct. I love it. And how long have you been with your boyfriend again? A year and a half. Year And a half. So you guys have been through a lot together, huh? How's it all going? Good. He's actually not my boyfriend anymore. Oh, My fiance. Whoa. Look at that.


Wow. Oh my goodness. Wow. Incredible. So until really, really soon. Do you part? Yeah. Fiona gets it. Yeah, true comedian. Okay. She's not laughing as hard as I was hoping she would be. Keep it in, keep it in Yoni. No, it's just nice. He doesn't have to worry about like a runaway bride. That's true. That's true. Or a prenup. That's true. Or a prenup.


Good point. There you go, Rick. No one knows how to stop the momentum faster than old red band here. A prenup. Anybody? Anyway, so what's going on? Are your parents excited? Is your dad gonna roll you down the aisle? Isolate that audio. I want that from my new email alert. Ah, Ah, Oh my God. Oh my fucking God. That's, that was my favorite moment of the whole fucking Show.


There are so many that the wedding, I mean, I can't even, Ima we're gonna tie a bunch of like cans and stuff to the back of your chair. Just married on the back. Just clank your ass. Matt will hop on. Yeah, that'll be good. Absa fucking absolutely Very happy for you. Yep. Thank you. Anyone can do it. You know That's True. That's true. You're gonna fucking throw that bouquet behind you. Really, really shallow throw. Everyone will be crisscross apple flu Right behind you. Right behind you applesauce or as you call it, three meals a day.


No, I'm kidding. She can eat normal meals. People we're kidding. She is. We laugh a lot. She's a golden ticket winner. Dammit. Ah, we all taking it. Oh, I love It. Where you getting an honeymoon? Where you getting a honeymoon? Cabo. Whoa. Wow. What are you most excited about about this wedding? When? When is it? In October. Okay. It's gonna be in Nashville.


All right. Beautiful. Yeah. So it's in October. What are you excited about? What's A, what's a, The tax break. Oh, okay. All Right. Who's gonna marry you? You got a pastor or a friend or a My stepdad. There we go. Perfect. Yeah. Perfect. Is he ordained? Huh? Alright. I don't what I'm Talking Great question. Is he ordained? Is he Ordained? Is he legal to do it? Yeah. Yeah. Great. Okay. Let me ask you this. Did, did you, how did he propose to you To It was good. Yeah. Let's, let's Hear about it.


I, I bet you're real easy to surprise. Just gets Down behind you. He is like, babe, spin around. You're not gonna fucking believe this show. Oh my. There he is. There he is. It's incredible. The same guy from the prenup Momentum Stop earlier is the same. Welcome to the show. Red band. He has arrived, Been sitting on that queue all night. So let's hear, how did he propose to you? First he took me to dinner at a restaurant called Bad Idea.


Oh, Misdirect. Yeah. Yeah. He got my ass dude. It was terrible. Yeah. So then I got a text from the booker at Zanies and she said that someone was there that wanted to meet me, had to come right away and comedy's fucking weird. So I was like, maybe that's real. I don't know. Yeah. So we left the restaurant and we're both real nervous in the car, I thought for like the same reason. Nah. And we got there and I'm fucking all the way up.


Zooming around the corner And yeah. And then I see the Zaius photographer and I was like, what the fuck? And There's always a photographer there, always there ready to ruin a great surprise. Always. And then Matt goes, come back here for a second. I looked up at the marquee and it said, will you marry me? Oh my God. Wow. Now did you say, did you, that's so sweet. Did you immediately say yes or did you go, ah, let me think about it.


No, that's a really beautiful story. Sorry, I had to do that. But wait, so And that was how long ago again? A year ago. Oh, the proposal? Yeah, that was a week ago. Oh my god. That's beautiful, Bob. It's a week ago. She's still on the same chair charge that you has for the, hasn't even had to plug in yet. Can you play PlayStation on that too? Is it? There's a fucking USB right here. Is it really cool? Oh, to vape. What? That's incredible. Yeah. Yeah. You steer the Titan sub with that. Yeah, the thing that died. They all died on it. Oh yes.


I'm so sorry. That's Okay. You're doing great. Fiona, what do you like to do for fun when you come to Austin, Texas? I always go to Terry Blacks. Okay. Yeah. You have good taste. Yeah. That place fucks. It's so good. Yes it Does. Yes. Yeah. It, it, it, it really does. What what's your favorite thing to get when you're there? You're gonna hate me. Oh boy. The mac and cheese. You go to Terry Blacks for the mac and cheese. Oh, look at all the fat asses going crazy for this. Just a bunch of people on their last breaths. No Mac and cheese Is good, but the mac and cheese, are you fucking kidding?


Let me tell you something, Fiona, we're trying to take care of you here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna have you talk to a doctor. His name's Frank Dement. I want you to make him say free drinks the Taxi Fiona call. We will, we will we bad news it. Making cheese's not a good idea. If you want to change it, Say Fiona, you are absolutely unbelievable. Everybody loves you so goddamn much. You're such a part of the family. Congratulations on the October wedding. Make some noise for Fiona Cauley. Everybody.


Alright. Red band. Jesus Christ. How about a hand for the lovely Heidi as well? Oh shit. Fiona just ran into deep madness. We're having a real battle of the Titans over here. Nobody knows what the fuck's going on. Deep Madness is like Who put a fucking motorcycle on my Foot? Oh my God. Live from Radio City Music Hall. It's the SNL 50 Homecoming Concert. Featuring performances by Arcade Fire. The B 52 Backstreet Boys, bad Bunny, Bonnie Ray, Brittany Howard, Brandy Carlisle, Chris Martin, Dave Grohl, David Burn, Devo, Eddie Veter, Jack White Jelly Roll, lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Mumford and Sons Post Malone, the Roots and more celebrating 50 years of SNL Music.


February 14th at 8:00 PM Eastern. Catch it live on Peacock. Since You're new to h and r Block, we'll look at your returns from the last three years for any money your last guy might have missed for Free. I could get money back from last year. You Could we'll find any mistakes. Could Have really used that two years ago when I dated that mistake for five months. Don't leave money on the table. Switch to h and r Block and get a free second look review. Second look is included at no additional cost with the purchase of tax preparation. Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply If you have us file an amended return. We having fucking fun tonight, huh? I don't know how we do it every week.


It's been a great night for the bucket. Big switch for your next bucket Poll. Anything can happen. This is Jack McWilliams. Jack McWilliams. I, I hooked up with a girl the other day and when I asked for consent she said, before we go any further, I need to tell you my safe phrase so that you know when I feel uncomfortable and I want you to stop. And I was like, of course not that kind of guy. I'm not gonna pressure you. Did you say a safe phrase? Don't you mean a safe word? She said, no, no, no, no. A safe word isn't specific enough.


I could yell at any word in the heat of the moment. Not actually want you to stop. I was like, totally, I'm on the same page. It just feels more complicated that way. Like I'm not trying to hack your email here. Is there gonna be numbers, symbols, and upper and lowercase letter involved? I just, what if we made it a random word that you'd never yell out in the heat of the moment. Like Gandhi, you're not yelling out Gandhi in the heat of the moment. And even if you do, I feel like I could tell if it's a bad Gandhi or like a gimme more kind of Gandhi. You know what I mean? It's on the tone. No, she said her safe phrase is, Hey, stop doing that.


Thank you Jack Mick Williams. I've never heard Matt Mulling laugh so hard in my entire life. He absolutely loved that punchline. Incredible. Jack, welcome to the show. That is an amazing that you had a set all about a safe word or safe phrase. 'cause you are one of the raps looking guys without a doubt that's ever been on this show. Every rapist ever looks up to you. Yeah. That is what they look like. You look like that. And I look down on all the non rapists. There you go. Absolutely. How long have you been doing standup jack?


Eight years. Eight years. Where? At Chicago. The whole time in Chicago. Two. Thanks. Two years in Bloomington, Indiana. Where I went to college and then in Chicago. Yeah. Okay. How tall are you? You're a big man. Six Five. Wow. Do people get, did everyone think that you look kind of crazy 'cause you look like everyone that's ever accidentally smothered a hooker. Yeah. Like you didn't mean to do it, you apologized after, but it just happened because It got carried away. Yeah. No, I'm very, I'm very apologetic afterwards and it's hard to know my own strength and size, but you know, we're figuring it Out. Well, you're holding that mic. What a fucking giant meat hook you. It's like me with a dog dick in my hands. Yeah, Jack, I love it.


What do you do for a living? I'm a caddy. Oh, a real golf caddy. Yeah. Wow. How long you been doing that for? Four Seasons. Okay. In Chicago. It's a seasonal job. I found one here in Austin though. That's a little sporadic. But over Now you live here now? So I'm a long distance with a girl in Austin. I've been living with her since November. Okay. We've been dating over a year. I'm at Spanish Oaks Golf club. Yeah. Very, very nice. Golf out. Shut out. Yeah, no doubt about it. They'll, They'll be super pumped to hear about the rape. It's gonna be good. Absolutely. Seems good. He's doing good. Spanish Oaks. Keep him close. This is where stars come from. This is Good. They love the way my meat hooks grab their driver.


What does the girlfriend do for a living? She works At HEB. Oh wow. Everyone's favorite. No doubt about it. Instant crowd pop. Always for HEB. What does she do there? She is in the beauty section though. In a month she's starting, starting management training. Wow. Look at that. Everything you guys touch turns to gold over there. And how did you end up meeting this girl long distance relationship? Yeah, Chicago and Austin. She visited Chicago and came to a comedy show where I was, I was the headliner essentially. The last Comedian. Hello. And then what happens? She comes up to you and goes, you're really Funny. So I, I have a bit where I, I take a girl to the airport after three dates, you know, super.


Not rapey thing to do, it's just being a gentleman. She clapped for me in the audience and then I kind of did a quick interaction and Tied her up. Yeah. Pretty much right after The, and then what You guys went on a date in Chicago the next day? Right After we were, she was flying back the next day when she said she was lives in Austin. I was like, well I've been being a visit there for this show. Did you guys hang out that night or anything? Yeah, For a few hours. What'd you do? You go over to The Bean? Yeah. Yeah. I ask. She happens to be a landmark that I know a lot about. I always ask for consent before I go to the Bean. Sure.


A hundred percent. Yeah. Nobody believes you. Yeah. What Did she, what did she like about you say? About what? Does she like your personal? Yeah, what does She say that she likes? What Does she have? An Edmond Kember Finish. She says, I'm very kind, God Dammit. She says, she said, What'd you say? Step, I just knew it would bomb and I said it. No, nobody heard it. I'm No one. No, no, no. No one knows who he is. I said she has an Edmund Kemper finish. I know that reference. That's great. Damnit. He's saying you look like a big rapey serial killer. I say it with love. I like him. He's my favorite. I really appreciate it. Yeah, he's great. Wait, what? How do you keep I've done long distance. 14 times. So how you have a, you have a handful of ways to keep it fresh and exciting, right? You can cheat or you can do phone sex.


Yep. The big two. Say it again. The big two. The big two? Yeah. Well do you, how do you keep it fresh? How do you keep connected? She would visit like every six weeks. Yep. During caddy season. And then now I've been here for a few months. Are you a good caddy? Back to back Caddy of the year in Chi at my club in Chicago. Wow, Nice. Absolutely incredible. Yeah. How did you get so good at it? Well, my coworkers are either alcoholics or children. So it's not right. The highest bar. That's also who your victims are. Got it. Standing ovation from Antonio Caruso. I love it. Jack, before I let you go, what would we be surprised to know about you?


Other than I have not sexually assaulted anybody. Yeah. Say it in one of the cameras for your work. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. Anything wild? Any fun hobbies or anything? I got a DUI for smoking pot when I was 19. Whoa. Bloomington, Indiana, Wisconsin. I was taking a road trip. Oh Boy. Yikes. My goodness. How'd you get caught? You admitted it. We had just hot boxed the car with two joints. Ah. Yeah. So he pulled us over and was like, I'm pulling you over for a traffic violation. We said, what's the traffic violation? And he just said, how much marijuana's in the car.


Right. We were 19. We didn't really, like we know our rights. Right. Yeah. That makes sense. We Kind of, You wanna be my, you wanna be my doctor? I fucking like you a lot. Yes. You're very funny. I do. You're kind. Thank you. Hey, I don't know. You're Kind. I went from being just a rapist to your doctors. So that's A pretty good One. That's It. You're not the first one. Yeah. You should have seen the other Rapy doctor that was here earlier. Red band. You know, I'd love for you to headline the Secret show Thursday. Oh holy. Look at that. And a big junk bug. You did it.


There he goes. Jack McWilliams. Ladies and gentlemen, Go. The bucket pulls on the show outta control right Now. Let's get one more up here. Let's see if we could go for it tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, your final bucket. Pull of the night, ladies and gentlemen. Make some noise for Dagan as Faha. Dagan as Faha. So I live in a gentrified white neighborhood, so there's a lot of pressure on me to be the friendly local black guy.


And it's tough, you know, it's, it's hard. It's hard being a real nigga when you live on Avocado Street. It's hard because people don't understand race. You know, like one time I was at a comedy show and I was watching a black comedian perform. He was saying the N word a lot. And this white woman next to me turned to me and she was like, am I allowed to laugh?


I was like, absolutely not. As a matter of fact, every time you hear the N word, hold your breath. All right. That's my time Dagan. Ask behalf. Am I saying that right? Dagan. Deon. Deon. Yeah. Yeah. Deon, welcome, welcome, welcome. Another amazing set. Congratulations to you. How long you been on standup? Three years. Three years. Where at? I started in LA and then I moved back to Seattle like a year ago. What made you move to Seattle from la? There was no reason to be there in la.


Right. I love it. Do you, do you keep in touch with Captain Phillips? I already knew that shit was coming. You might as well play the Lion King music now. Well, you know what? Well let me just, alright. What does Deon mean? Is that a Deon? It means so well. Oh, we got you. We got you there. You didn't see that one coming? I knew We Got you there. We got you. You took the bait. Oh, that's tonight's fruit by the foot.


Cue of the night. What do you do for work, Dajun? I was, I'm about to work as a tutor. I'm about to work with kids, but I was just working security right now. Okay. What are you gonna be tutoring them in? You really are in a gentrified neighborhood. I'm taking you for the tutor type. That was like at a elementary school. Oh wow. Yeah, I did that too when I was in LA for a bit. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Tutoring kids. Is it fun working with kids? Kids like me? Generally, You might be the only bucket pool tonight that's allowed near kids. That's some retired doctors. Some scary scary individuals up here.


Yeah. I love it. What's your love life like? Oh, I be dating casually. Yeah. You Know what I'm saying? What Are you into? What type of woman are you? What type of big booty bitch are you in? What was that noise? That was, that was the noise of a pig. Oh, that was red band. Red band thinks that big booty bitches implies that they are, they are heavy eaters. Man, that's crazy. You said I do like a, a fat Ass. I don't know how I guessed. I, I just really just, just a hunch of some kind.


I don't know How fat. Can you do like a thing with your hands? Like how big? I mean, if she on, I like grabbing it. You know what I'm, I like Yeah. If she on top. Yeah. What the fuck did you just do? What was that? What was that? Yeah, I, were you painting her back with crayons? If She on top, I'm doing this Right. I don't know what that is either. Yeah, That is, well maybe you don't know TONY CARUSO? No, I'm a, I'm a standup against the wall guy. Always No sitting down. Once I shut down, I'm going to bed. No doggy style. My knees can't handle it. I'm up against the wall, the closet of the fridge. Goodnight. Good luck. Wait, you know when you do doggy style, you're not supposed to be on all fours.


You know that right? All right. Tony Robbins, Jesus Christ. Can I just fucking have a conversation with se Juan Barkley, whoever the fuck this guy is. Now you said you were security for, you said you were se yeah. You said you were security for who? Panera. No, nigga. Who who are you security for? You said security. I just, I just, I've done security work for just like office buildings around type shit. Great. Yeah. So just any office building that needs to somebody just watch a Yeah, I used to do that just 'cause it was like cushy and I could like write jokes during the daytime hell type shit. Yep. But I had the other security job I had, they were just trying to make me do like actual security and I was like, fuck no, nigga.


Like what? What? Yeah. They would be like, confront that crack head. No, I'd be like, what? They'd be like, you're good. You don't have a gun, but it's okay. Like, yeah, because it was unarmed security. I was like, nigga, that's a paradox. Right. Exactly. You're skateboarders and shit. Damn right. Yeah. That's the name of my next special n word. That's a paradox. Can't say it all right. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. What do you, what else do you do for fun? Deja. I mean, it's hard to have hobbies 'cause I'm constantly doing this shit. Yep. But honestly, casually dating. I was dating a lot when I got back to Seattle.


What Do you like to do? What's your move? What what? Give us some tricks. Give us some dating with dejon tricks. What are some, what do you like to take a girl? How do you close? Wait, what is it? Deon. Deon? Yeah. Alright, Deon. Yeah. I'm gonna take the a out of this and just go with the e. Deon. Deon. Yeah. Deon. Deon. You made my name Black Dejon. Well, I mean that's, let the record show. This is not an easy job. Most television show hosts have a pre-interview. They fucking, they meet the person before. His name is spelled DAE, which is day. And then it's GEN. I know it's spelled confusing. Yeah, you have a point.


I don't mind when people mispronounce it. Can you Imagine being on a date with this guy? And she's like, so it's so nice to meet you Deja. And he's like, eh, Hey bitch, you be bragging on my name. And you know what's crazy? Somebody mispronounced my name while I was hitting it too. Oh shit. Yeah, She said it just the way you said it, nigga. What does she Yell? Beetlejuice? Yeah. She was like, Ooh, Dejan. And I was like, You were like, it is Deon. Yeah, it's Deon bitch. It's Deon. Spell it.


D-E-J-U-A. Get off my off. I'm sorry to blacken up your name. I am sorry. So Deja Quay. Tell us nigga. Oh, I knew it. Whip it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What are some dating tricks of yours before I get you outta here? You gotta, you gotta schedule. If you talking to her, you gotta schedule the date asap. Like within the first five messages type shit. Yep. And then you meet her in person. And then, by the way, I'm not no, like nigga that be getting pussy all the time, but That's what you have to say.


I get it. But you gotta schedule the date asap. Do some simple shit. Just talk to her, get drinks type shit. You don't gotta take her to an aquarium. You're god damn right. No, you're god damn right. You don't gotta Hell yeah. And introduce the idea of sex asap. Yeah, that's what I Absolutely. My early twenties. I I fucked that up. I never like, Yeah. You could go to the aquarium. Yes. Aquarium is your brother's name. Right? Oh my God. You are fantastic. What's the longest set you've ever done, Deon?


20, 20 minutes. Whatever you on the secret show. Secret show. Book it, lock it. Big joke book. Unbelievable performance. Deon as Baha has arrived. What an unbelievable bucket night of bucket pulls we've had. And before we put a ribbon on this thing, I think time we bring to this stage someone to give us a little violin performance. Everybody, Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Jake Kennedy. Everyone. I think it's Jake Kennedy, right? Where the fuck is he? Oh my god.


How adorable is this? Oh my God. The world's smallest violin. Literally give me some right lighting for this situation. This is an all time KILL TONY. First, we've never, out of all the musical excitement that we've ever had, we've never had a violinist. I'm very excited about this. Play something that's not copyrighted. Music please. YouTube has an unbelievable computer system is stronger than ever to be able to copyright strike us. Even me saying the word copyright strike might be a copyright strike. They are so strict nowadays, Ladies and gentlemen. This a first in the KILL TONY Universe.


The first violin performance from one of the most absolutely adorable little fucking lumas we've ever seen our entire lives. The mic here with his tiny little fingers. I'll hold the mic next to it if you, no, Tony, we got it. We got it. Relax. Tony, sit the fuck down. Don't ask any questions. Relax. Can you play the cool runner? There you go. Same song. Yes. There you go. Okay. Shut the fuck up. Ladies and gentlemen, as we all settle in and relax for this performance. This is, oh, there's a lot going on. They'll figure it out. They'll figure it out. They're professionals. Jake just play. Jake is used to playing with a bunch of little mice.


He normally plays in a band of mice, Meese they're called when there's a group of tiny little meese. Ladies and gentlemen, this with the tiniest fingers we've ever seen is Jack Kennedy.


Ladies and gentlemen, perhaps one of the greatest musical moments in the history of the show. They're on their feet here in the live music capital of world. TONY CARUSO iss gonna throw his jacket out there. He's got a big joke book. He is, got a little joke book. He's got the musical Performance of a Lifetime. One more time for Jake Kennedy. Ladies and gentlemen, Jake, you know what? I want you to join the band, one of these nights coming up. Talk to Jon Deas.


You're gonna be a band member. Not full time, but he is gonna make a couple appearances. We'll see what happens. You'll see him over there with the horn players or something. Luckily we can fit him anywhere on the stage you would think. We've run outta room. He is literally the only musician that we can add, add, add, jep. Sound, sound. Check, check, check. Hello. I just did something. Check, check, check, check, check. Fucking something. Check. That's, there you go. It's, it's keno everybody. The great you famous keno, Tony. That was who said earlier during sound check that he'll never make another mistake again. That was the best Make-A-Wish. Musical performance I've ever seen.


It is incredible. You know, there was a band that played during the sinking of the Titanic. Not a lot of people know this, but Jake played the violin during when that little sub went down to go play. And yeah, he was playing. He can fit in there. He can fit in crazy places. So he was in the little submarine playing, and when the thing exploded, he fucking, the violin had a, he's, he's light enough, he's buoyant enough. He fucking shot right up to the surface. It's absolutely, that's actual sound of him coming back up to the surface. Look, this guy's had a few weeks off. There's only one way to end a fucking episode like this. It's been way too long.


You guys know what's about to happen. As I bring to the stage, the Hall of Famer with the most appearances ever, with the most interviews ever. This is the long awaited return. The longest we've ever gone without seeing him. This is the Memphis Strangler, the big red machine. This is William Montgomery. When Trump's people took over, they discovered Biden had budgeted $50 million for condoms in Gaza.


I'd heard they do a lot of tunneling over there, but damn, they just found vomit in Denmark. That is 66 million years old red band. You never told me you did standup for caveman because when somebody does so bad is standup to people in the audience. Vomit. That's what I was going for. So I've got a rebranding opportunity instead of Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs. It's not about your asset size, it's your circumcise. A woman recently went blind when she accidentally put nail glue in her eyes instead of eye drops.


I'm not a doctor, but here's some advice. Don't do that again. You stupid bitch. Okay, that's my time, Tony. Exactly. 59.99 seconds. Almost like a man with the all time record. The man who's done it more than anybody else. William, we have missed you. Welcome Back home. Thank you so much. It really is so nice to be back. This is kind of a, honestly, this is a very cautionary tale. I was playing too much Call of Duty and it made me depressed, Tony. So I stopped playing it, I think three weeks ago. And now I'm back working out in reading books, trying to get out of my funk that I have in my brain.


'cause seriously, if you're out there grinding for these camouflages on your weapons, it turns into this really sad, depressing nightmare. So if you're one of these people doing this, stop immediately. Start working out. Start reading books. Do something different for your brain. 'cause it really, Tony turned very dark for me. It is true. It is true. You had a video game addiction. The closest you would get to doing anything else would be to look out of your blinds and complain about whatever your neighbors in the parking lot were doing. It became, became a cautionary tale. You went down a rabbit hole. Well, I'm reading next to my window, so I'm still able to look out.


And Tony, somebody recently moved into one of the apartments and they weren't supposed to. This is now the second time I've got a homeless person moving into the apartments next to me. So I'm still got my eyes out on there. Wow, look at that. Something never change. I know. I Have to have a purpose in that. How Do you break your call of duty addiction? How do you break it? Just start shooting real people. Yeah. How did you wean yourself off of it? You were in very deep. Yeah, I really, Tony was feeling horrible in my brain. I was so horribly down and I would like to think I'm gonna blame it on the Call of duty and things are better now that I'm not playing the Call of Duty.


But seriously, it was. It was. I was playing, I don't know, 15 hours a day. It's a real thing. I don't allow my, I don't allow myself to have a legit video game system. Yeah. Don't ever do it to me because it's so fun. I know. Like it's really fun seems, but it's Very, very easy to just sit there and live a life of fantasy. Yes. And there's perhaps a lot of people out there listening right now I'd imagine that look up to you and you know, which is absolutely insane to me. And, but I'm Sure, well, there was one sweet guy on an Instagram post I did. He is like, oh my gosh, I was going through bad times, or comedy's really helped me. I was gonna kill myself or something.


And then some piece of shit said, well, you should have killed yourself then. Dumb ass. 'cause I don't know. Well, in my defense, I was drunk when I wrote that, so I, I didn't think, I didn't think you were gonna read it. So, tomato, tomato. But you know, if you, by the way, seeing a guy play Call of Duty with a Sesame Street Live shirt has gotta be the most terrifying thing. Imagine being a Postmates driver dropping off soup to you. You walk out being like, ah, I just lost six more of my friends. And he is like, all right, man, you look like a guy going to now to look for Lady Boys. But you know, here's the two. Well, I got this at Disney World and Tony, I went to Disney World at the beginning of the year. Nobody ever go to Disney World or Universal Studios in January because everybody was sick. And I ended up with the flu for two weeks.


Tony, I got 104 fever one of the nights, and I was almost getting in the ice bath in my bathtub almost getting my girlfriend to put rubbing alcohol on my body. I didn't know what to do. Wow. What ended up solving your problem? It just went down the next day so I didn't have to go to the doctor. What's your favorite ride at the, at d world? It's a small world. Yeah. I love that one. It's real nice. Just all the cultures coming together, it's Chill. I love that. I love it. Absolutely. Absolutely incredible. What are your big plans for 2025? This our, I believe, first time seeing you this year. Is that correct? Yeah. It's been, it's new year. Gee, where you Off? We miss you William. You're a, you're a staple of the comedy world and you're one of the planet earth.


I mean, you just took 20 years off. What the fuck? Do you know? I, I've got you two. Yeah. I don't know. This is my first time meeting you, but I get a good sense of you that Yeah. That you, that you, that we, that you're needed. You're needed. Fuck you, Tony. Yeah. You're talking, you're talking to him like a fellow. You're talking to a fellow KILL TONY Hall of Famer or something Like that. Well, I just, I feel like he brings a lot to the, to not only the show, but to the world. So that's what I'm trying to Say. I could not absolutely agree more. William, you are a ridiculous superstar. You are our Connor McGregor, our Hulk Hogan. You are the man. Make some goddamn noise for the one and only William Montgomery.


Is that violinist still back there? Is he still back there? Does he have his little fucking tiny instrument? Is does he, is he violinist? Yes, he left. Oh, that's a shame. Well, then our normal band will play us out Test with tonight's episode. Everybody make some notes for Jim Norton. Jim Norton Can't save you. Available everywhere. It's a new unbelievably awesome fucking show. TONY CARUSO is on tour with Adam Ray, believe it or not, incredible. Adam has such an open mind, one of the great creative forces of the world. He has Dr. Phil on tour.


He has his own standup tour. He kills it everywhere he fucking goes. Everything he touches turns to gold. Dr. Phil with Dr. Phil on Netflix, a lot of other unbelievable things happening. So for you to get to work with Adam Ray is incredible. How about one more time for the KILL TONY debut of TONY CARUSO. How loud can this play get for the great Jim Norton to Charlie Ingram? Ryan Shae build a zen. It's incredible. Let's see what Chris Rogers did tonight. Oh, it's me. Ooh la la. Look at that. A dehydrated me filled with testosterone and a lack of water.


This episode's brought to you by ZipRecruiter and nicked nicotine pouches. That's NYKD.


How about one more time for the best damn band in the land? Everybody. I'm on tour. By the time this episode comes out, tickets will be on sale. I'm doing the Honda Center in Anaheim, California. A very big arena. I'm doing standup there. Who knows? Maybe some friends from LA will be able to make a little drive pop in. Who knows? I don't know. We'll see you talk to your buddy, Adam. For me, put in a good word. It's gonna be fucking amazing. I'm also doing the Maverick Center in Salt Lake City, Utah, and a bunch of other great places. Detroit, some casinos, big fancy joints.


All of it's at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com or Ticketmaster. There's still, I think, a couple tickets available for the Kill. Tony's in Nashville at the Bridgestone Arena, April 4th and fifth, and a lot of other fun stuff. Red band. You know William has a podcast called the William Montgomery Show with our friend Casey Rocket. Check It out, guys. Yes, yes. Support everyone in the kil Sony family. We love you. We love you guys. You guys are the heart and soul of it all. Goodnight. Thank you. We love you. Goodbye everybody.


This guy's a legend. The comedy game took 20 years off his standup, but he's back in the game now. 20 years Since I've been on stage. But it's ti it's time to get back to It. And then we'll give it a shot. Shots, some material. Here We go. Make some noise for TONY CARUSO. Tony Caruso. TONY CARUSO. Everybody turning, Turn back on the saddle as they say and see if that old horse still still comes. Right.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now over. Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.