
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything. The Golden Pony. Tony. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever. Shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Oh shit. Oh My God. God. Fucking 50 queen baby. See, it's crazy. My grandma hates you, nigga. She made it. What the fuck she does? Is that fucking Tony Hawk Drew Drews. What the fuck? Drews Oh my. Do you like to be on The Secret Show? Thursday? Alright, next Up is the host of the number one live podcast in the world. Tony Hitch. Cliff. Let's go. Tony. She doesn't eat pussy. She all Hell Nas on it.


Earthquakes on his feet. I'm killing. Oh my God. Fuck you, Tony. The roast of Tom Brady was the most watched program in Netflix's entire history. Holy shit. Ever Come to your live from the Kia Forum Here in Los Angeles. Come to your live from the YouTube dealer. I'm not built for this. I'll admit it. You gotta be mean when it sucks. Well, autism runs in my family. Fucking, It's sprinting in your family. Oh my God. Let's see that. I used to get high with The Night Stalker. This Is Joe Biden, the real president of the United States is here. Who'd you shit my pants?


It holds a YouTube record for retention rate, 2.5 billion minutes long. Few Americans are really quite deranged. We are. Is it possible to eat it with our butt Comedy History? There's a giant bean in downtown Chicago. Yeah. What the fuck is going on? D Madness is live today. I Mean, wow. You look stunning tonight. William Coconut Coconut Pie. Please welcome to the stage comedian roaster and host of the KILL TONY podcast.


Tony Hinch. Cliff. I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it's called Puerto Rico. Who is that? Jack Watt. Who is that guy? Actually, I think that's Tony Hinchcliffe, which is super disappointing. A so-called comedian made a number of racist comments. Tony Hinchcliffe. Tony Hinchcliffe. Tony Hinchcliffe about human right people. Right? I think this about my people. Tony Hinch clip. Go yourself. I apologize to absolutely nobody. Some movies, Tony, because World War three take place.


The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. How do you like my garbage truck? You won't hear from the Vice President tonight. Donald Trump has won the presidency among The key factors in his win support from Latino voters, He expanded his support among Latino voters. 55% of Latino men back Trump nationwide.


Hey, This is Road coming to you live from the HEB Center in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony. Who's ready for the best fucking night of your lives? Huh?


Brian Redban. Ladies and gentlemen, what's up everybody? The best damn band in the land jamming extra hard, extra long arena style for you. How we fucking feeling tonight? Huh? Make some noise for him. Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos Sosa, nacho Smell grande Chicken enchilada. That's big. Mike Michael Gonzalez on the drums joining us tonight. Truly one of the biggest stars in all of music. I think he's gonna be recognized as one of the truly the biggest stars in the world. That's Marcus King.


He joins us every New Year's here in Austin. We got the rest of the usual band, the great and powerful Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. Indeed, the leader of it all. Jon Deas on The Keys and no doubt about it. Let him hear ya. It's D Madness on the bass guitar. Oh my God. Unbelievably exciting stuff in store tonight. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by kovus. Anywhere worth going Is worth going in? Good boots? Find your perfect pair with Kovus Kovus crafts quality Western boots for everyone from generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Born in Texas in 2015, Kovus makes it easy for anyone to find their perfect boot. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken incomfort right outta the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovus are built to last and impressed right now. Get 10% off at kovus.com/koni when you sign up for emails in texts. That's 10% off at T-E-C-O-V-A s.com/koni tecovas.com/koni. See site for details. Tecovas, point your toes West.


Good day y'all. This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, life poses many questions, but your relationship asks the big question. Are you thinking of popping the big question? Sure, it's a huge moment. But what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A Red band, Jodi Blue Nile is theBest@bluenile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring that you can imagine at a price you'll never find out. A traditional jeweler That's right red band. Since 1999, blue Nile has been the original HAL nine jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they will meet or beat a competitor's price on a comparable diamond. Your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases, even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and returns. So you can make sure the ring you pick is the one. And because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.


This episode is brought to you by MeUndies underwear. Drawers are like the wild west. You never know what you're gonna pull out or what shape it's in. So upgrade your collection with the buttery soft comfort of MeUndies. MeUndies Signature fabric is as soft as a warm hug from your favorite sweater. Plus it's breathable and oh so comfy, making it ideal for all day wear. Get 20% off your first order plus free shipping at MeUndies dot com slash Spotify with code Spotify. That's MeUndies dot com slash Spotify code Spotify.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show or what? You know what's great about this show is sometimes it's the fucking biggest fucking comedians in the world. Sometimes it's this, sometimes it's that. Last night we had both of the guests of the year, la, the newest one, Harlan Williams, last year's winner, Adam Ray. Part of the problem with this show is we make these guys so goddamn famous that everybody has gigs on New Year's Eve nowadays. And a lot of people are sick right now.


I don't know what kind of lab leaks they're planning for this inauguration, but the best part of this show is that I believe that we truly have a reputation for putting people on panel that are the future before they even get as big as they're going to get. They are here always. And then you watch them become superstars internationally and everywhere, streaming and this and that. And this is the type of booking that I chose for tonight. I said, let's fucking go Renegade style. Our last show of the year in Austin, Texas.


I decided that I want two of my funniest friends, two people that I think are going to be unavailable on New Year's Eve next year. So I'd like you to get as loud as you can for tonight's guests, two of the funniest comedians in the world. First I'm gonna bring up who I truly think is the rookie guest of the year. He made his first appearance this year. Makes some noise for him. Austin resident. You know him from the Shane Gillis crew. This is James McCann, everybody. Hell yeah. Oh yeah. On panel on Eve in a fucking arena once a little.


Now living his fuck. Yeah. Welcome James. I'm gonna jump right into it. Yes. Thank you for having me And your other guest tonight. He was with us at Madison Square Garden. Truly a brother who I have fucking, you know, just done everything with over the past 18 years. I couldn't be more excited that he's with us on panel. One of the funniest humans in the world. Let's see how loud this place can get for the great Joe DeRosa. Everybody. Hell yes. We are having fun Here tonight.


A Veteran of the show, multiple time guests. Very funny man. Him and I make fun of each other a lot. We go back and forth. Two of my favorite drinking buddies. We we do. And I want to thank you for letting everybody know we were your absolute last choices. Yes. Shane is sick. RFK Junior even has Covid. You can't make it up. The most unvaccinated human in the world. RFK Junior somehow has Covid. My favorite part was hearing the 10 people that cared when you were like, sometimes they're not famous. They were like, yeah, I guess, what the fuck?


Look, We're gonna have hilarious episode. I have so many surprises wired in. You guys are two of the funny. Who needs fame when you got funny. Look, I'm thrilled be, I don't know if you know this, I don't know if you, I was the first one back after everyone pulled out last time. This Is true with the Puerto Rico unpleasantness. This Is true. But I did, I wanted to say this. This is exactly my one year anniversary of being in America. I flew like 30 hours last year. I sat backstage. Danny Brown was asleep. I don't know what was going on there. This is the first place I went and I've gone from watching the show.


It's an honor to be here and I want to thank all that KILL TONY. People up here and out there who have made it happen. This is the most beautiful thing. Two of the funniest story. And it's true. James McCann was one of the only comedians to answer the phone less than 24 hours after the Trump rally when Johnny Knoxville and Donne Rawlings ran for the hills and said They can't do it. No, they're great. You can't blame them. Those guys expect to make more movies in the future. Nobody knew which direction the election was going at that time. I don't blame them. I would've canceled on them two. Can I, I want to, can I tell the quick story?


Yeah. Of when we were, we were hanging out at the mothership. We were drinking right after the Trump thing happened. Yeah, A couple days after. Yeah. And we're sitting next to each other and we're just, it's quiet in the bar. And I go, Tony, are you good? Are you handling all this okay right now? The backlash, whatever. And he goes, yeah, dude, I'm good. And I go, seriously buddy. We're friends. Are you good? And he goes, yeah, I'm good dude. And I go, you don't have to be tough with me right now. We're friends. Are you good? And he goes, what? Are you fucking gay? It wouldn't stop these fucking New Yorkers over here. Are you sure you're okay? The news says you're not okay. M-S-N-B-C says, your life is in shambles right now.


I'm like, I'm trying to have a fucking whiskey and a cigarette. Shut the fuck up. I'm fine. But we're having fun tonight. Truly two of my favorite humans. We're gonna have a blast. I promise you. I'm gonna prepo a name. You guys know how this show works. Yeah. The bucket is what makes it, we could find the next star here. Anything can happen. You know how it works. Comedians get 60 seconds, you know their time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. Or else they, they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the angry. Wait a second, wait a second.


It is the Undertaker Austin's own the Undertaker. Mark Calloway. The six feet under podcast, which I've done. Make some goddamn noise for the great, the powerful. What a surreal moment This is you comedians better stick to your fucking time tonight. I'm warning you right now. I'm fucking hitching to take somebody's hat Off. I love it. I haven't seen you since WrestleMania. You're the fucking man.


This is a child, a dream. For those of you that might not know, but I'm pretty sure everybody knows the undertaker has been hanging from the side of the bucket of destiny for as long as we can remember. So this is an extremely surreal moment to have the actual size, real actual undertaker here. I don't know if I'm gonna fit on the bucket, but stick me in it. Motherfuck it. I don't know. Hey, I, before I, I just wanna say this. Yeah. Austin is already the music capital of the world, the food capital of the world. And you, my friend, are making it the comedy central of the world.


Tony Hinchcliffe. Don't sell that man. Short. Right there. Thank you so much. It is such a damn honor to have you in the house tonight. Super surreal fucking moment. I think for everybody. I saw fucking Latino guy in a hoodie wiping tears away from his face when You came out. There's some dudes fainting in the crowd like women did for the Beatles back in the sixties. I love it. We, but we shock the world with this one 60 seconds. Right? That's all they get. That's all they get. Or else, I'm pretty sure you throw 'em back to where they came from. I'm right here. I love It. I'm waiting to go make some noise for the fucking undertaker, Ladies and gentlemen.


Keeping everybody in line tonight. You can't make this shit up. God damn it. Look how cool this is. You got a nerd boner, Don't you? I'm telling you, I have to host a show while living my own. Make-A-Wish. This is incredible. God Damn. What a cool show This is who came up with this idea. We're gonna have some goddamn fun tonight. Let's get it started. While they wrangle that first bucket pool.


I figure we'll get it started with a bang. I'm just gonna say it. I always give this guy a huge intro. I always say one of the greatest golden ticket winners in the history of the show. I'm gonna say it right here, right now. For the first time. This is the greatest golden ticket winner in the history of the show. This is a brand new minute getting us started tonight with a fucking bang. Make some noise for Martin Phillips. Yes. Here he is. Live in the flesh with an uninterrupted 60 seconds.


It's Martin Phillips, everybody. Oh. Oh shit. Oh man. I heard there was a kid rock sex tape. So I was interested, I was gonna look it up, but after I wrote the first for a kid, I was like, I'm out. No I'm not. This is a trap set up. Anyway. Alright. I So some guy say they have gay art and it's like, yeah, I have boners too.


You know, we we're all aware that my boys is similar to RFK Juniors, but you know, but now that he's gonna be head of the health department, we're all gonna start stabbing like this. So welcome to hell. That was the Martin Phillips with exactly one minute. Oh yeah, man. Like a fucking surgeon as always. Joe DeRosa. I was Hoping he'd Go over 'cause I wanted to see the undertaker slam him and watch his body straighten out.


I am terrified of that. Yeah. I also, I like with the wrestling thing, you've dressed as the Rock from that nineties photo show. Yeah, dude, It is incredible. That turtleneck goes great with your turtle legs, Turtle body. Hell yeah. Is there a medallion on that necklace? Oh, there might be something in the back. I think It's behind you. You're rocking it behind you. Yeah. I, so well, I, yeah, I, I I bought this today 'cause I, I heard with the turtleneck you need a chain. So this is $3 from Walmart in the, in the girls section.


So Fuck yes. But yeah, I, I did went with it. So That is some rockstar shit. Yeah. You were already at Walmart. 'cause you're the greeter there, right? Yeah. Yeah. Hey, hey. Good benefits. It's good benefits. I love it. Martin, how's life been going? How are you? Holidays and whatnot. It was good, good, good news. I, I hooked up with what you gonna do right there. Right, right. There's already trying to mock me. Yeah. I hooked up with a Puerto Rican woman, so, you know, you know.


Oh, I'm doing my best to repair the relationship between the show in afternoon. That's right. I think you may have accidentally kicked a power cord when you were on your way out. Their power's out today. Yeah. Puerto Rico. But yeah, I'm willing to have sex with as many woman for as good of the show. I love it. Was it a Puerto Rican woman or was it a, a dumpster that you fucked? Oh, oh yeah. It was that war man. Notice you would be Very good in the next West Side story, I think. Did you notice anything different about a Puerto Rican woman than, you know, say another That was down about I, Good question.


Right. Okay. All right. Right, Ben. Very good. And I'm sure there's a sound effect you could have hit instead of Yeah. Come on. Did you guys fuck to shake? Da Was there We Fucked, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. Okay. Was there music playing? I I, no, no. Was it at your place? Her place? Oh, well I was, I, I was crashing at a friend's house, so I did the courteous thing and went to her place. Okay. Yeah. Alright. And this was on her bed in her bedroom? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Was it your first time hanging out with her?


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How long did you guys hang out before getting wet and wild? Oh, oh. A salter at the show and, and we hung out after and, and you, yeah. Yeah. That's right. Absolutely. Did she have a few drinks in her? Who was walking the straightest by the end of this? I Didn't. Drunk this day. No, nobody. Nobody drove. Nobody drove. So, absolutely. Okay. I love it. Martin. What else is going on? Anything else crazy? That was the craziest lately, but I love it. It was pretty cool.


I love it. And so there's actually good news, bad news to it, so. Oh, bad news because I, yeah, I take an antidepressant for anxiety. You know, with the like you know, it's hard to, it's hard to be hard. You know, you know, you know. Oh Shit. But that and getting out, there's the good news. What? I was equal to do it. Guess what? Too big. Whoa. Really? Oh my god. This guy went from soft to too big. What can I do?


I love that you're saying the antidepressant was the hardest part about you two. Fucking, She's Lying. She wasn't Puerto Rican then. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Again, red band. Stick with the buttons over there. Jesus Christ. Red band's comparing every Puerto Rican woman to the hookers that he's been with. How much did she charge you before she laughed? I love it. Well Martin, you absolutely crushed. Way to get it started right from the top. Absolutely. 100% great sets. The guy bats a thousand. He's basically the fucking Bill Goldberg of the show.


He plays like a champion. He might not walk like one, but he plays like one. Oh, I know what that sound is. That's the lovely Heidi. Everybody the real fucking deal. Oh my God. I see the Latino guy in the white hoodie crying. Another tear like he did when the undertaker came out. Amazing. Unbelievable. And how about a hand for the great Valerie Vaughn? Everybody, she joins us at all the arenas. Two legends. Okay, this looks like a very fun name to begin the bucket pool portion of the show.


Again, we don't know these people. Anything can happen. Obviously you guys know how this works. Could be a crazy person. I will say that in these arenas, there's a crazy ratio of people that absolutely eat shit on stage in an arena. It happens a lot. A lot of people sign up randomly. They've only done it a few times. But who knows? Tonight might be the night that that trend changes and we find stars. You guys ready? Your first comedian, your first bucket pool of the night goes by the name of what? The Hector. What the Hector?


What up? I freaking love wrestling so much. How about you guys? I love wrestling so much. My parents thought I was gonna be gay growing up. Posters of naked dudes all over my freaking raw, you know, freaking undertaker. Stone cold all teabagging me above my bag. Like when you gonna get a poster of a woman son? So I got a poster of that one wrestler. You gotta remember Chyna. Hell yeah. Like you, you like that shit, dad. I guess it'll do son. You gotta support your artist guys. Not very many people know Chyna did porno. She had the most muscular fleshlight on the market.


Get your penis in a choke coat. Like extra large clitoris. You got a freaking finger wrestle of her to turn on. And Sharon, sometimes she don't wanna turn on. My favorite though was wrestling on the trampoline with my little brother. And now my favorite was the undertaker 'cause I'm dead inside too. Choke, slamming my little brother and I would do the tombstone. I remember the tombstone is pretty much a Tomb 69 standing up. But we're on the trampoline. I'm all, hell yeah. Wrestling's, badass. Dad comes out's like, what the hell's going on? Finish him. The neighbors are watching. Thank y'all. Oh boy. That was close. Is that what you were gonna talk about?


Yeah, it Was. That was going to be be your set no matter what happened tonight, no Matter what. And then he came out. I was like, holy shit. That's fucking, that's pretty fucking crazy dude. I'm Like, should I run the bell like two seconds and have him come out again? No. Yeah. If you kept talking for five more seconds, he Would've done it. Yeah. You were close to your wildest dreams coming true there. What the hector? I saw him backstage. He's tall as hell. I didn't know he was that big man. Oh yeah. Yeah. Those guys are big. And you are Mexican. Yeah. Right. Welcome to reality. And I'm wearing boots. I had a little x like two, three inches extra on me. You know You are wearing, look at those little tiny boots. See like Those, Those fucking size quatros.


I, I'd like to commend you 'cause a lot of comics stray from current events. But you did the very relevant China material this year. China? Yeah. Red band. You got red band over here. Mumbling in my left ear. She has really big labia. China had really big labia. Did you know that Chy had big labia? I'm like red band. We are doing a show in an arena. You're talking about the woman's pussy who he mentioned for a second. Tell the unprofessional shit. I have to deal with Hector. How long you been doing standup? About nine, 10 years going now. Wow. Nine or 10 years. Where at Mostly in Phoenix.


I'm from right here. I'm in west. I'm from West Texas though. Pecos, Texas? Yeah. Wow. Big pop for Pecos. Okay. What's Pecos like? Describe it to us. We just had a big train wreck last week. I dunno if y'all saw the Union Pacific hit a big old truck and like all the train derailed. Wow. I like stranger things crazy. I sit next to a train wreck every week on this show. What do you do for work? I help my dad out doing a tire repair and tow truck. Okay. You are indeed Mexican. Yeah. That, That confirms you Smelling like rubbers. Hell yeah. What's the craziest thing you've ever seen out there? Repairing cars on the side of the road in Pecos Recently just happened man, I, I live in my RV and I moved it back to Pecos where I work with my dad.


I parked it in the back of the shop working from home, you know, and fucking No. What do you mean James McCann with his iconic? No, we don't know what you mean. What I left it unlocked man. 'cause I had some cats in there watching out from case rats. Get in there and Wait. Stop. Slow down. James McCann is correct. First of all, I Stole two cats. All right. Okay. Wait. Getting we way outta control. Hold on, hold on, hold on. This is the most Latino shit I've ever heard in my life. You stole cats to watch for rats In the rv. 'cause I'm not there a lot, you know? So And you pulled your RV to the house that you live in?


No, I park it at the shop that I work at. So I'm working from home. You know, just get up out of head. You are, you're homing from work Change tires. Yeah. So you, You No, and I didn't get to tell you. So we came home and I was gonna check on 'em before we left. And I found a bald-headed white lady and they're all drugged out naked. She had tore up the whole place and drawn all over the walls. I was like, what the hell's going on here? I don't wanna call the cops 'cause we're late to a show. And, but I had to, man, I had to do it. I, it looked weird. I'm lucky that one of my friends with me, she's girl. 'cause it would've looked weird that, you know, just some weird random girl is she wouldn't talk or nothing. I don't trying to find her. If you know, if you're out there listening. Wow.


Look at the world. We're living in Mexicans calling the police on white women. This is, yeah, this is Biden's America. 2025. No, 2025 is gonna be different buddy. You got 20 more days Exactly. Before your tire shop is in Pecos, Mexico. No, I'm kidding. Is your dad a a legal citizen? Yeah, He he's legal. Is he really? He's Really, he did all the paperwork. Yeah. What does the paperwork look like? No, he talks really good English too.


He is one of those code talk. He could change his voice like to a white guy. He could change it to a Mexican dude. Okay. I haven't heard his black voice though. I'm pretty sure he has one. Wow. Can you do a black voice? I can't. I could Try. Yeah, try. I like it when people can't and then they try No tomba. What The fuck? Wow. Like that. I just found out there's no black people in Pecos, Texas. Everyone that's your black impression. Know what I'm talking about. Hey, I'm a black guy. It does sound closer to the guy who gives black people a problem than the black guy. I'm a black man. I am, I do believe.


What do you do for fun, Hector? For fun. Let's see. I smoke a lot of reefer. Where y'all at? And then forget everything else I was gonna do. Right. What's your love life like? You out there burning rubber, Burning rubbers 'cause of the tires. Yep. How hard Is it to convince a woman to come back to the rat infested Rv? Yeah, It's pretty, pretty hard, man. That's why I was mad. She was in there. I was like, what? You're getting pussy in here? And I ain't getting, 'cause it smelled like pussy. I was like, you're in there. Either she was getting ran through or she was running a brothel outta my place. I was like, who's getting more pussy in here than I am?


What the fuck? Wait, you're saying that your RV smelled like bad pussy? When I, when she was in there, that crazy bald headed white bitch from, from Stranger things the train crash. And all of a sudden she appeared 11. This is, you're talking about the little girl from Stranger Things was in the He is a bald white bitch. I was like, damn. They shave your head. What's wrong with you? This is also the second time he's referenced a thing on Stranger Things that I I don't think happened on Stranger Things Is the, he's Like, remember the train crashing on Stranger Things? No one of them shows. You Remember when you choke at a child in an rv, like on Stranger Things?


No, I'm sure you didn't do that. You seem like a nice guy. Are you a nice guy? Hector? You ever been in trouble with the law? Yeah. You know, for weed, Texas being illegal and all, you get in trouble for weed a lot. Yeah. All right. Reefer. Oh, they're booing the laws of their state. Well, Hector, congratulations. Have you ever signed up for the show before? My first time was at SK Fest. Barely recently. I got on there over there. First Bucket Pool there too. Oh, you were on there? Yeah. Okay. Well congratulations. It was good to see you. What size joke book did you get there? They ran outta joke books. So I was like, man, did I do good or bad? I didn't even know and shit.


Well, you know what, buddy? I'm gonna give you a medium-sized one here tonight. Oh, you didn't catch it? Wow. Unbelievable. There he goes. What the Hector? Everybody thank You. I don't know if you guys notice this, but the Mexicans get special music from the Mexican portion of the band when they get played off. A little fun fact, if you haven't noticed.


Hello everyone. This podcast is sponsored by Via guys hosting. The number one live podcast is tough. And that means I gotta take my self-care seriously. Let's be real. 2020 five's been all about change. Whether it's work, personal stuff, or just the daily grind, it can be hard to keep up. But here's the deal. When things get hectic, we don't have to go through it alone. Embrace the power of nature and elevate your every day with via trusted by over a half a million happy customers. Via is the Swiss Army Knife of Wellness dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create high quality wellness products. Whether you're looking to improve your sleep focus recovery, add a little pep your step or just get high via has something for you. With products ranging from zero to 100 milligrams of THC Via gives you the power to blaze your own trail. Via is well renowned for their award-winning THC and THC, free Gummies and vapes. THCA flour soothing topicals and calming drops, all crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted independently owned American Farms. And the best part via Legally Ships to nearly all states in the US in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee no medical card required. So if you're 21 or over, check out our link Avaya's website, link in our description and use code TONY for 15% off. And if you're new to aya, get a free gift card of your choice. Red band Tony Avaya they THCA Flour makes me feel amazing After a long stressful day, I personally use their gummies to help me with sleep. I love that they're made in the USA and that their products range from zero to a hundred milligrams of THC. So if you're 21 or over, check out the link to Via in our description and use code TONY to receive 15% off. And if you're new to aya, get a free gift of your choice. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your everyday with Via.


Hello indeed. This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN Going online without express. VPN is like forgetting to mute yourself on a Zoom meeting. Do you really want your coworkers to hear you trash talking them because all your traffic flows through their servers. Internet service providers, including mobile network providers, know every single website you visit Express VPN Reroutes 100% of your traffic through secure encrypted servers. So your ISP can't see your browsing history. Redband. Tony Express VPN is the best. It hides your IP addresses, making it extremely difficult for third parties to track your online activity. It's also easy to use. Just fire up the app and click one button to get protected. Not to mention it works on all devices, phones, laptops, tablets, and more. So you can stay private on the go. I personally use Express VPN when we travel so I can stay private. Know that all my data is safe and sound. It's personally important to me to not have my data hacked by some Hugh Jackman in the movie Swordfish type of guy. Protect your online privacy today by visiting express vpn.com/koni. That's ex P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/koni and you can get an extra four months free express vpn.com/ KILL. TONY, we're gonna get another special treat up here.


This is a, a young lady who you've seen before on this show. She works at the comedy mothership. She's been out on the road with me and a bunch of the great comedians, truly one of the top young rising comedians in the world. We were all drinking a couple weeks ago and it just came up that her family was coming into town tonight. Her parents are here. And I love this young lady. I truly think she is one of the future top best comedians in the world. Let's see what she does tonight. This is a brand new minute from Liz Splat everyone. Liz Splat. We love Liz.


Make some noise for Liz. Everybody. Guys, this year makes 10 years that I've been a cancer survivor. I had, I had cancer when I was 19, which is tough because you're too young to really understand what's going on. And then you're too old to meet John Cena. You know, because at 19 you're like, make a wish. More like, make me squirt John. What the fuck? Hey John, my pussies ball too. You know John Cena and squirting John Cena and squirting.


Thank you. It's tricky to make a cancer joke. You know, cancer's a really tricky topic. One time this comic told me that it's important to talk about the tricky topics. He said that he learned that because he used to talk a lot about how he used to fuck a lot of prostitutes. And I was like, I don't know if we're talking about the same thing, but once I thought about it, it made sense because probably the only thing more traumatic than childhood cancer is being a prostitute a comedian can afford. Am I right? Alright. Thank you. Thank you guys so much. Please. 20 dreams everybody. How fun Tony. Fun Liz. How fun. How's it going? It's going. I mean, how's it going?


It's going. Dreams are coming true right now. What the fuck? It's amazing Baby's First arena. It is indeed. Babies' First Arena. Hi. Hi Joe, How are you? Hi James. Hi. Hello man. Congrats on beating cancer. Thank you so much, Joe. You've clearly beaten it. 'cause usually people with cancer are thin And Yeah, she beat the shit out it. You Have defeated it. Yeah. I basically ate that cancer up. Let me put it like that. Put it in a bowl. Put some whipped cream on that cancer. Got right into it. That's what I did. Hell Yeah. What kind of cancer was it? I had Hodgkin's lymphoma. It's a blood cancer, you know what I'm saying? Party time.


I love it. Yeah. How long did it take you to beat it? I was going through chemo for like six months where my chemo kids at. Okay. But they're, They're, they're all dead right now. They're All dead. Okay. I see one solitary wave from a lacking. Okay, great. Another big girl. That's awesome. I love to see it. Hell yeah. It's great. Must have been tick cancer. And it's good to see you've graduated to Haagen Dust Lymphoma From Hodgkin's to Hodo. Joe, you said him a B I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm nervous. I'm sorry. No, You said him a bitch. You trying to fuck. I can tell dude guys that love trans women always wanna fuck me.


It's crazy. Joe, get those little plaid pants over here. What the fuck? Pull a dick outta those pants and you got a deal, Joe. If you saw my clit, you wouldn't question it. Okay. China, is that true? You have a China like clit, A China like clit. What is that even? Is it big? Is that what you're implying? I think my clit. Yeah. Yeah. It's probably like, you know, half a thumb. Oh fuck yeah. All right. Yeah, that's what, that's basically. Sorry I put my heart on my sleeve out here for you people. That's basically half a little dick. So I'm half interested now Because I'm gay.


Whoa. Whoa. Who would've saw that coming? Half? Yeah. Coming on your face. Am I right Liz? What else is going on? What family members made it out? You're from Texas, born and raised Dallas, br Bam. Bam. Ba bitch. And when I say bread, I mean B-R-E-A-D-A-D. Mitch, what's up? Yeah, my mom and my dad are here. Yo mama. Yo Papa. Where you at? I can't, I can't bring my dad up here. He keeps saying he's gonna say racist stuff about Puerto Ricans. Is that your mom on the jumbotron? That lady with her hands up. Oh yeah. That's my mom.


Aw. Oh wow. She just gave me screen cancer. That's incredible. It runs in the family, but clearly you don't. Yeah, Not a lot. It runs it. Damn. Got it. I was gonna do it then. You did it. Gotcha. You're on the big stage. Big stage now. Tony. You Did it well, Liz, congratulations. That was an amazing performance. Thank you. You, you fucking did it. You're Living your dreams much In your hometown dream Come true. Awesome. I'm gonna do mushrooms. Hell yeah. That's a move. Back to the bucket we go. We're gonna keep it moving along. Make some noise for your next bucket. Pool.


Jackson Bar, bucket Pool number two. Jackson Bar. Here's Jackson Bar. Oh shit. This is gonna be awesome no matter what. Make some noise for Jackson Bar everybody. Hell you doing? Tony, happy New Year, KT Nation. I feel sorry for anybody that's not in this arena tonight. KILL TONY. Been on what? 12, 12 years. 700 episodes. You guys have been through more comedians than cocaine, antidepressants and Viagra.


I'm a little freaked out. I'm gonna be 49, 49 years old in a couple of months. But lemme tell you, I've learned a few things. Number one, ramen noodles. Everybody knows ramen noodles. They taste better when you eat them 'cause you want to. Right? Number two, you see two people kissing in public with wedding rings. They're married to other people. And number three, if it feels like more than three fingers, you need a different psychiatrist you can count on. These are words that may save your life one of these days. Thank you.


Holy shit. Jackson Barr. I loved it from the second I saw you. I am so used to our bucket pools wearing juvenile t-shirts. This guy came up dressed to the fucking whatevers that is. I knew we had the undertaker. I didn't realize we booked Paul Bearer as well. James McCann brother. What's it like owning the Dallas Cowboys? 'cause that must be, Well this would've been the 1990s Dallas Cowboy owner and it was really good back then. Yeah. It's only been 30 years. He's Got a head in the oven now. You look terrific. It was either Dallas Cowboys over or you know, a good place to buy a secondhand car.


I can show. I feel like I've seen you in Waco on the community television. That's it. Yeah. There you go. Is the billion dollar question. What do you do for work Jackson? Pretty much. Whatever pays. I mean, I've been an entrepreneur for 30 years with startups, you know, and get politics for a While. You're successful, huh? My kids are grown and outta college and outta the house. Look at you. Just on a big naughty fucking comedy show out here talking shit Right now. I'm trying to figure out what I am gonna be since I am about to be 49. Joe DeRosa 49. You're doing something really wrong. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I was like, this guy's given a stab at comedy at 63. This Is insane.


Red Band is older than Jackson, by the way. Sweet Red band here at 50 years old. You can't make it up. It's a hard 49. Tony. Listen, I married my high school sweetheart. We were together 24 years. She passed away five years ago. Oh my God. What happened? How did she pass away? Brain tumor. Oh My. Yeah. Right. Good God. The point is, We're all very sorry that happened. The point is, you know, after that happened, I may or may not have lost my shit for a couple of years.


Yeah. So it's a hard 40, 48. Okay. Alright. And you were an entrepreneur. I was. Yeah. You don't have any, 'cause this is Tony's doing. Well. This is sold out. You could Shark Tank right now, right? If you got a business idea. Yeah. Do you have any business ideas? Let's play a little game of Shark Tank for the first time in a long time. This is a very special segment that we are going to do. Ladies and gentlemen with Jackson Barr. This is the first ever episode of Shark Tank. That's the Shark Tank theme song. Shark. Shark. Jesus. It's so basic.


Yes, it's, oh, okay. Here he is. Pitch us an idea. Jackson Bar. Alright, Let's see. Oh, I know. A dating app for rich people. You know? 'cause since I've been out in the Dayton world, right? Yeah. I found out you actually don't even need a profile anymore. You might as well just put your credit card number and your pen and your social security. So it just saves time. Hell yeah. They go straight to the money and then you don't have to worry about it. Right. I bet you have a cock like Martin Phillips. That's my guess. I bet it's mostly soft and then when it gets hard it's too big to fuck. Too big. Yeah. Too big to fail. Absolutely.


You said you were in politics for a while. Yeah. What? What were some of your platforms? Well, I started off at local office and then I went to state office here in the great state of Texas. Yeah. What city? So I started out outside of Fort Hood, Texas. Known as the Great Place, right? Yeah. COO County, Gatesville, Texas. It's eight square miles out in the middle of nowhere. There's not a Starbucks for 30 miles around us. Sounds beautiful. Sounds Like. And then I became the Republican president of all the chairman in the state represented Senate District 24. And now since I'm starting the second half of my life, I'm running from office.


Okay. So have you been on, you said that you wanna make a dating app. Have you been on a lot of dates since your wife passed away? You know What, I went on a couple. Have you ki have you kissed a girl since your wife passed away? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's been, Oh, okay. Well you blew that one. I did. You were close there. Soon as I said it, I was like, you fucked up right now your wife is LA looking up from hell laughing at you. Listen, I Gotta, It's not true. She's in heaven Since, since you like Shark Tank. I got a math question for you. If Jack is single for about a year and then gets engaged to a 30-year-old while he is a millionaire, that goes on about two and a half years and then we break up, how much money does Jack have left over All of the money?


All of, actually, I was gonna hit you up for some gas money so I can get home tonight. Oh, you Are talking to the wrong panelist. You silly Goose Jackson. You seem like you've got it together. You seem like a grown man. Tell us something weird about you. What are you, what type of child porn are you into? Exactly. Did you kill JonBenet Ramsey? Oh, What? What? No, exactly what? But if you were in something a little wild, what would it be like when you're with a, when you're with a hooker? Yeah. Well, you know, it's hard to find the right rubber tubing and lime and shovel at two in the morning and all that kind of good stuff.


I mean, you know, that's always fine. You always gotta learn for yourself. Aspirin will not bring back a dead hooker. You really don't wanna run for office again. You are finished with local politics. Yeah, you got a final nail and a hammer. There is work to be done in politics in the state of Texas. Hey Baby, I've figured it out. I'm working behind the scenes. Well, if you can help pass a law, so you're allowed to carry more than two beers away from a bar. That's fucking insane. This isn't Hawaii. We ain't gotta worry about that. This is Texas. We give you two jugs of beer and say come back and get the other four.


I like your style. I like your style Jackson. And I do. It's, it's weird, but I, I like having different, I always say different shapes and sizes and types of people. I'm sure there are about 250 more hectares that signed up tonight. And I was lucky enough to magically pull out a fucking a 70-year-old white guy that swears he's 49. I think it's fun to have different types up here. I mean, look at this fucking guy. It's Wild. I think you're actually rich because only a rich man would give this lease of a shit about his appearance. Yeah, no, you are. You have super rich guy vibes. Jackson, how much exactly are you worth?


Was I, I'm not kidding. After a failed, How much did you give away in the divorce? Just tell us that. No divorce, Just, you know, burned through, I don't know, 1.5, which is not huge. 1.5. Yeah, that's a lot. Four years. So That's more than Hector and his father will make their entire lifetime. That's a huge amount. Well, Jackson, thank you very much. Fun times. Congratulations. You as well. Our leaving here with a cool little medium joke. Oh my goodness. We're over two on the catches tonight. Jackson, thank you so much. There goes Jackson bar. Oh, la la. You know Jackson's from Texas.


He's from the middle of nowhere.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by kovus. Anywhere worth going Is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovus Kovus crafts quality Western boots for everyone from generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys. To first time boot buyers Born in Texas in 2015, Kovas makes it easy for anyone to find their perfect boot. Every one of Kovas boots are handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right outta the box. Whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress. That's why Esquire loves them and says there's a reason we keep coming back to Kovas. And speaking of Esquire and men, that should be on the cover of the next issue. Here's Red. Dan. Tony, I love Kovas. Being in Austin, you see a lot of boots and kovas are by far the best. They are just so dang comfortable. I wear them when I'm out, out in the town at the grocery store. You name it. They make me feel great when I put them on. I feel like the freaking Marlboro man. Tony, wow. You smell like them too. Ever wondered if you could pull off the boots with your personal style. You owe it to your feet to pull on a put on a pair of kovas Plus with kovas Best in the West guarantee you get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now get 10% off at kovas.com/koni when you sign up for emails and texts. That's 10% off at TECO vs.com/koni kovas.com/koni. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes west and good day y'all.


This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Guys, life poses many questions, but your relationship asks the big question. Are you thinking of popping the big question? Sure, it's a huge moment. But what they don't tell you is how many decisions you'll have to make when choosing the perfect engagement. Ring, shape, size, style, setting, cut color, clarity, carrot. If you're like most people, you may have no idea, but trust me, she knows exactly what she wants. So it's time to learn fast. There's no better place to start than blue nile.com. A red band, Jody Blue Nile is theBest@bluenile.com, you'll create a bigger, more brilliant engagement ring that you can imagine at a price you'll never find at a traditional jeweler. That's right. Red band. Since 1999, blue Nile has been the original HAL nine jeweler. They've always been committed to ensuring that the highest ethical standards are observed when sourcing diamonds and jewelry. Their diamond price guarantee means that in most cases, they will meet or be a competitor's price on a comparable diamond. Your surprise will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, in most cases, even delivered overnight. Blue Nile has a 100% satisfaction guarantee with free shipping and return. So you can make sure the ring you pick is the one. And because love can last forever, you get free service and repair for life. Right now, get $50 off your purchase of $500 or more with Code tony@bluenile.com. That's $50 off with code tony@bluenile.com. Blue nile.com.


Which brings us to our next special treat. Ladies and gentlemen. This guy, when we found him, was just working the oil fields of Texas. He's all personality. Very controversial figure in the history of the show. People either love him or they just straight up dislike him. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for the long awaited return of Uncle Laser.


Listen here. Had a woman from Tallahassee, Florida slide into my dms, said, Hey, shut the fuck up. He said, I got a plane ticket with your name on it. He come down to Tallahassee, Florida, blow my back out and rearrange my guts. I said, happy to Easter to you too. How you doing today? He has risen, you know? Right. She said, but before I can get you that plane ticket, I'm gonna need to see a picture of that hog. Fun fact, I ain't got no hog. I got what they call field mouse. Dick. You ever been hit by a sewing machine?


Needle? You know, look, here's the thing about sending wiener picks. Don't do it. Okay. All right. Listen, look, I love my wiener. I put it everywhere. Hot tub jets, electrical sockets. Okay. I once took a shop vac and sucked all the foreskin off of it. You know, I haven't been to a waterpark since. She said, look, I ain't gonna be able to get you that plane ticket no more. I get you a Greyhound bus ticket. And I said, listen here bitch. My mama raised me on that Reba McEntire.


And I might have been born just a plain white trash, but fancy was my motherfucking name. I ain't getting on no goddamn greyhound bush. You hear me bitch? So a couple days later we worked something out where if my mama drop me off, her mom would bring me back. You know, Uncle Laser, everybody, uncle, uncle, uncle. Look at you. Howdy. How's it going? What? What is that animal around your neck? Oh, this? Yeah. Yeah. This here is Steven. He was a, he's a euthanized husky. He was my neighbor's dog.


Are you fucking serious? Yeah. He was just gonna throw the motherfucker out. And I said, hold on now, son. We're resourceful people, you know? And so I like, you know, did all this and I gave, I went to his front door and tried to give it to him as a gift. And then he answered the door and he goes, why'd you unbury my dog? And I was like, so you're telling me you don't want it? Am I now motherfucker? How about that? I can't believe I fell right into Warrior Trap. You did Step right into it. It's the second husky we've had on stage. Liz Splat was here earlier.


Oh shit. How's your New Year's, Tony? We're having fun. What? Are you conducting the fucking interview? No, I just Was simply asking a question, Man. I love that you said you wouldn't get on a Greyhound bus. I've been on the Greyhound bus in this country. It's just 57 news I've, I sat next to, I was on a Greyhound bus from Cleveland to Pittsburgh. This is a fun wrestling story. Yeah. I sat next to a man who was on speed with schizophrenia and he told me the truth about Chris Benoit. Wait, what is the truth? He knew a secret about Chris Benoit. Yeah, Let's hear It. He was a good man. And the whole time I was like, oh, dokey, dokey then.


Yeah. He only killed his family to send them to God. Oh My God. All right. And he said, you can't judge a man for that. And I was like, I didn't know I'd be seeing you again up here on the stage. So soon He got away. You know what I mean? How's your New Year's going, laser? How's your holidays? What does a guy like you do exactly. Other than crystal meth? Oh, Jesus Christ. The spirit of the wolf. No, dude, I got New Year's resolution. Is it to give Rod White his voice back That there's my daddy, but he's a Democrat, so he ain't my daddy. But dude, I gotta stop coming inside of strangers.


Tell us more about that. Look, I, I was hoping, I was hoping fucking Jackson Barr would say something like that, the whole interview. I gotta stop coming as strangers. 'cause look dude, I'm like the Tyreek Hill of the Austin comedy scene. I can't pull out of a fucking driveway. You know what I'm saying? And I'm not even scared of the Me Too movement. I'm scared of like, I got a kid in fucking Fort Wayne, Indiana or some shit hole across this goddamn country that's like, we need child support. I don't wanna be a part of that. Have you gotten anyone pregnant? Are there any nephew lasers out there? All we can do is pray. Wow.


Amazing uncle. So what do you got planned for 2025? You've been touring a lot. You've been working really hard. Trying, Trying. Yeah. Yeah. Just like look like say something T me like on some real shit. Okay. Three years ago to this date, Tony hcl invited me to Tony hcl of friends. It's been that long. It's been that long. Jesus. All right. You invited me to the New Year's Eve party of Vulcan with your, with your people, right? Yeah. And I was dog shit. Damn. Probably still dog shit now. But I mean, back then I was even worse. Okay. Oh yeah. And, but you gave me a shot. All right. And it's a testament to you. And my mama was in the crowd night and I was thinking about quitting my job. And up until that point in my life, that was the best that I ever had. All right.


And, and, and took a chance to be like, yo, look, I'm not trying to suck your dick, but I'm gonna be honest with you. Thank you for everything. Yes. Look, look, yes. Joe Rogan might have built the Comedy Club in Austin, but Tony Hinchcliffe created a fucking culture. You hear me? Thank you. I couldn't have said it better myself until later tonight in the mirror, like I do every night, I look directly at myself and I say, Tony, you built the fucking culture. No, I'm kidding. I Was gonna say, I'm pretty sure you'll corner me later at a party and tell me that for 15 minutes. Do you know what I've done? Joe?


I love you, uncle Laser. Congratulations. You did it. We're gonna kick it back. Flying through it. There he goes. Uncle Laser. Which brings us to Bucket pool number three. I feel like this is a new name, but it, we may have seen it before. Oh my God. How about these lovely ladies and this sausage fest that we've had. We've had nothing but dudes and a chick with a clit. The size a half a thump. Thank God for Heidi and Valerie, for those of you out there that are into beautiful women. Ha. All right, your next bucket pool goes by the name of Joe Barnhold.


Everyone. Bucket pool number three is Joe Barnhold. One more time for Joe. My name's Joe because I was named after the crab shack that I was conceived in. So you guys, I'm single, so I've been going on a bunch of dates. It's not really helping my love life, but I do have an outstanding balance on my credit card. Yeah, it's hard to stand out in the dating world when you look like the vanilla flavor of white men. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad flavor. It's just not anybody's first choice. I don't even have any tattoos or anything, or as I call 'em, sprinkles.


You guys. I'm so white. I get 2% milk at the store. 'cause whole milk's too spicy. I feel like there's a lot of weirdos in the dating world. I went on a date with this one girl. She told me she had two half brothers, which is just a really strange way of saying you have a brother. For everyone that's slow at fractions. I'm gonna give you a second to catch up there. It's like, what did you cut 'em in half or something? Like when I say I have two half women in my freezer. That makes sense. Oh. Oh. A bunch of weirdos out there, you guys. Thank you. My name's Joe Barnhold. All right, Joe Barnhold. Let's talk about it.


How long you been doing standup? I've been Doing it about a year One. One. I've been playing music for about 16. Wow. What kind of music do you play? Full band, hip hop, Full year in a hip hop band. Full band. Have you been on this show before? I was about a month ago, And I found out you were in a hip hop band. You did? I do musical comedy and I tried to sing a song about fucking Santa and forgot the lyrics. Okay. Do you have anything that you would do tonight if you were I can if you were a 16 here musician. Yeah, I can. I can play guitar and rap for you guys if you want. You need a guitar to do it. I mean it helps. Okay. Do we have that extra guitar somewhere? D Madness. You see a guitar anywhere back there? Marcus just left.


Oh, we got it. Okay. We're gonna give this guy a shot. Oh yeah. Gives us a chance to look at the lovely Heidi. One more time. My goodness. A modern day. Vanna White, if you will, a Marilyn Monroe esque thing. Just handing a cord to an absolute jerk off. Joe Barnhold. Look at this guy that's looks rough. Looks like Joe DeRosa ultra light. But what? God it. I didn't hear it. Alright. Hopefully your music is funnier than your comedy. Here he goes. Good.


Away we go. Hope this goes sail through life on a safe little boat. But see, it's time for me to abandon ship or abandon hope like bro. So Mary Lee, we row life's butter Dream. We woke, we try to flee, but roll these circles round the globe. It's up Dar on side to side, never straight from that path. I charting round around this wild ride. Always end up. Wear us on it lap after lap at the dog track life, said, bitch, then you die. May be that bitch's man's best friend. I wonder Why You suck, dude, Bear. Love It. You suck. We're gonna get you outta here. I don't know what they're talking about. Don't believe these haters. I appreciate you. That's the fresh new sound that's gonna be coming out the radio.


That's right. Yeah. We've never heard it was On the radio. I I disagree with James. No means no. No. I think the world is ready for white guys rap talking over guitars. Yeah. It's been 15 quiet years without that. That's right. You've got the courage to bring it back. You getting booed here? That's like Dylan going electric. I'll take it. I, it was pretty, it was fine. Hey, Thanks. I'll take it. I thought, I, I thought if, if I may, I thought your comedy was funny. Oh, thank you. And I thought it deserved more and I felt like you weren't getting as much. 'cause you were the first comic that wasn't like I shoved my needle dick in her smelly and they were just a little caught off guard that he was doing like, you know, You should think about, you should wear a dog next time.


Wear a, If you wear, wear a dog Like A put a dog's body on your shoulders. I'm trying to explain It. Red Bannon informed me in the middle of your said that it's a famous Jim Gaffigan joke. That whole milk is spicy. Ever seen Jim Gaffigan before? I've Not heard that joke. Alright. Okay. Actually Google It. I will. I will. How dare Jim Gaffigan have stolen your joke. What size joke book did you get last time you were on got? I got a big joke book You did? Well, you should use it on it. Joe Barn Holt, everybody. There he goes. We're gonna keep it moving fast tonight. We're gonna get through it. Ze.


He's already been on. But in this moment, we shall get yet another legendary golden ticket winner on the show. You know him. You love him. He got picked up from this show to be on America's Got Talent, which is how backwards the industry is that they are now finding people for a GT, for Netflix, for everything here on the show that you guys watch every Monday, we find the people. This is the return of Aaron Memorial. Everybody. Oh, hell yeah.


Smart. Started his entrance early. Gives me enough time to fucking kill some time while he sets up Bluetooth blue suit Aaron Beil. Everybody. Make some fucking noise for him. Come on. It's not too late to have the first female president. We could have the best one. Trump could transition. Now I can grab my very own pussy. Quite frankly, I have the best pussy.


My pussy is very tight and beautiful. Everyone who sees it says it's the best they ever, ever seen. My pussy is so much better than Caitlyn Jenner, who got a liberal pussy from the radical left. She got a pussy from a fake doctor. I got mine from an American doctor. A lot of people go to Mexico to get their pussy. Not me. Mine was made right here in America. America has the best pussies. Everyone knows it. A Haitian man wanted to eat my cat the other day. But I said, no. This pussy is only for real Americans, legal Americans. They're eating the pussy and it's our pussy. We cannot allow these people who are walking over the borders and the ocean continue to eat our beautiful American pussies.


My pussy is so American. It bleeds red, white, and blue. Usually I would need to edit clips together for a joke like that. But that was all from a single interview. Fuck yes. I love it. The evolution of Aaron Bele doing some fucking next level shit over there. Using other voices, making your own clips. Make writing the bits in other people's voices. That makes fucking sense. That's cool as hell. Awesome.


How's it going, Aaron? You dress the part in everything. You look like a politician. Even your arms is crooked as a politician right now. You're better dressed than the literal politician that was up here. Yeah, it's true. Tony has been spending too much time with Trump. Didn't know that shooting carrot juice into your cock would make your skin that color. Shoot carrot juice into my Cock. Take a day off, buddy. Your head looks like a horse saddle with teeth. Okay. Thank you. Thank you Aaron. You fucking son of a bitch. You know you can go out and get some sun sometime.


Aaron, you can wobble your ass out to a golf course sometime and maybe drive the cart or something. Maybe you can caddy. Maybe I could use you as a fucking holster. I can't really do the thing. I know. I know you remember that. Fuck you. Wow. You son of an Australian bitch. Say that again. You son of an Australian bitch. I've been nothing but good to you.


Lemme tell you, you've got more talent in your thumb than you've got in the rest of your body. Ah, Aaron ly. He's That's true. He's, look at this guy. Unbelievable. What's happening here? God Had to cripple this man. Or he'd be too powerful. He'd be too funny. I love you too. Say it again. Say it again. I love you too. I love you. Wow. You're switching voices a lot over there. Do you have a black voice on there? I would personally like the Japanese voice if that's possible.


Oh, he's got one. He's very excited. This motherfucker's got body language in all capital letters. When he is got something, he fucking such Shingle. I got something like, doc who got that shit? Watch this. Let's fucking look at him typing. Look how fast that thumb flies when you ask for a racist Asian accent. Joe DeRosa. I'm not this fast with I'm trying to make me save. Dear Jesus, my God. You're crazy. But what are you Alec Baldwin with that trigger? I'm talking now. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, Mike, I'm talking now. Okay. All right. Well, okay. There you go. Stop trying to make me say the N word. I am not like you.


No, I don't say that. Thank you Aaron. That's gonna be a fucking, that's gonna be a new conspiracy theory. Just 'cause you're bent like that doesn't mean you have to be retarded. I'm not like you. I don't say the N word. Shut the fuck up. You've never heard me say the N word. You've heard me say every other racial slur that there is. But You've never heard me say the word. Will you keep that fucking thing up? What? Are you crazy? No, I'm not. I can't do it now. It's fucked up. It would've been fucked up. It would've been more racist than me saying the N word. He was reaching What I Saw. I saw the button you were gonna push accidentally.


Do you wanna push it? No. No. It's not our Word that they've got the, When you see my hand go this way, that means you turn your fucking volume up. It's, it wasn't on purpose. They've got all the animals on the iPad and he was accidentally gonna press the chimp button. I wasn't the chimp Button. And then he stopped. 'cause he's not a racist. I'm a chicken. Okay, Aaron, what the fuck were you gonna say three minutes ago? It is no longer relevant. Nothing. Okay, perfect. Everything good? Is this your first New Year's in Austin? I can't remember. Is this your first time in America on a New Year's Eve?


What do you guys normally do in Canada for New Year's Eve? Fucking make. You don't have a Canadian accent. I didn't know you were from Canada Last year in New Year's. I got jumped in Austin on sixth Street. I don't know if it's the way I dress or the way I walk, but homeless people keep targeting me. Yesterday on sixth Street, a guy sitting on a pizza box yells at me, Hey, you look like you need to be fucked in the ass.


What the fuck? Yeah. I'm sorry about that. That was me At a glance. What looking at me makes you think. Well, you stopped yourself from talking there At a glance. What looking at me makes you think I need to be fucked in the ass. I don't think that's gonna help my scoliosis. No. Homeless people probably target you 'cause they think you're a fucking zombie walking towards them in the dark. Just fucking, yeah. I would target you too. Whoa, Jesus. I only backed up 'cause I thought it might be contagious.


Aaron Lyle, he's pointing at me. That's Racist. Okay. He's been outta Canada a while, but not long enough to accuse people of being racist and using slurs that they don't use. It's such a liberal thing. What else is going on? Aaron? Let me type a doubt first and then I will tell you. I was telling a joke last week about how I use my disability to skip lines at Disney World and this Botox bimbo sitting with her plastic surgeon boyfriend gets mad and heckles me, telling me I'm abusing my power. Like how are you gonna judge me for using my privilege to save my knees while you're getting on your knees for free lip fillers?


Yeah. Fuck that bitch. Fuck that bitch. Oh shit. Oh Anthony, that is just wrong. Anthony, the director found a girl with a bunch of Botox and did a reaction shot there. That is wrong. Oh my God. Jesus Christ. Is that one. Is that the homeless person on the the pizza box? Aaron, look at that fucking, oh my God. Halloween on New Year's Eve. Absolutely incredible. It's a hybrid. I love it. She came into my meet and greet line demanding a picture because she paid for me. Kept grabbing at me too. So I acted retarded again and I bit her.


Hell yeah. You can get Good luck getting that nose fixed. I bite with the strength of 47 chromosomes. You're on fire, Aaron. You did it again. What else? Anything else? You fucking crushed. You did it. Great interview. Just a few more words from me. Joe. You should love me. I can transition at any time with my thumb. Oh, Okay. For those of you that don't know, Joe got his dick sucked by a tranny two skank fest ago. If you're wondering why everybody keeps saying that Joe was strange. Yeah. Sorry for being a champion of progress.


I'm changing the world. One blow job at a Time. I can turn into an Australian lady and you can jack me off. Wow. Don't you do that to our sweet Australian women. You keep our voices outta your phone. Do you know how long we waited for Bluey to be successful so we could finally have something in this country? Do you know how big a gap it was from Steve Irwin dying the bluey for us to have anything in this country? And you try and bring us down. That is true. Dig.


Don't do that to him. I'm sorry. Oh, okay. I'll take it. Well, Aaron, you were great. You did it again. I love you. We love you. The people love you. Aaron Bele wobbling his way to the mountaintop every step of the way. And indeed this is bucket pool number four. We're about to go back to back. Bucket pools. Your first one here. 62nd uninterrupted. Going to Vic Shiv. Deani Vic. Shiv.


Desani is the fourth bucket pool. You guys having fun out there? Make some fucking noise. Oh shit. This is a fucking wild episode. Make some noise for Vic Ani. So I just gotta make a stipulation real quick. I do sit down, not stand ups. A little bit different. My name is VIIa Desani, but I go by Vic. So you're welcome. And I know what you're all thinking seeing me, me up here. But I'm not really disabled. I'm just really lazy. Or at least that's what I tell people.


See people always feel the need to come up to me and be like, Hey man, what happened? Why in a wheelchair, my favorite, like the old Indian people who are like, so what is wrong with you? I'm like, man, what the hell is wrong with you? Got no manners. Geez. Nothing's wrong with me. I just got tired. Wanna sit down? I had a lazy idea to add wheels. Knock and promote chair everywhere. It's fucking genius. One time, one time this dude came out to me, he was like, Hey man, what's your handicap? I was like, what? I don't know. I don't play golf.


But seriously though, I used to walk And now I've been in a wheelchair for about 18 years. When I was 22 years old, after I night of partying, I fell off of a third floor party balcony after a night, a apart after it. Let you paralyzed from the waist down. We're gonna save you from the undertaker coming out here. Stop. We're not the last. That would be just so depressing at the undertaker. Threw you in the middle of the fucking arena right now. This is crazy. The balls on these handicapped people that keep running the time For the, for the record, the punchline there was, oops. Okay. You didn't like that. Okay. Vic, Vic, Dasani Shiv.


Dasani shiv, Dasani shiv. Like Your stabbed somebody in jail. Yep, We got it. All right. Does it upset you that the most prominent place you'll ever see, your name is a water bottle? Yeah. Okay. I thought that hit harder. He also thought that the floor would hit harder from the third story. So your third story apartment, what happened exactly? So we, we had a night at party. We went out to the club, we came back and How long ago was this? How old were you? Eight 18 years. I was 22 years old At the time. 22 years old. Man, that is just a ripe time to drink too much. How much do you think you had to drink that night?


12 drinks deep. Probably. Yeah. There you go. You go. Okay, so you're back at an after party, third floor apartment and what happens? We took cabs to and from the club. We were responsible drunk people Later. Did you also drive the cab? No. No. Your father drove the cab. Well my uncle, But there you go. Okay. So you took cabs on and can't imagine how that applies to the story, but now you're back at the apartment. We got back To the apartment one cab was missing. I went to the balcony to call my cousin who was in the missing cab. He is like, we're right around the corner. I lean over the balcony to see if I could see any headlights coming. I lost my balance. Last thing I remember was losing my balance.


Oh my God. Yep. Yeah. Pretty much. Literally telling the story. Unbelievable comedic timing by red band on the Cha Chachas af. Again. That's about 40 seconds after he said 12 drinks. But great. We're getting to the climax of the story. Hey, keep going. Maybe you'll fall off a fucking third story balcony. Yeah. He'll have free fallen ready to go in a minute and a half. It's fine. So what happened? You're leaning over the balcony at the most unbelievable time for a very loud noise. Go ahead Vic. I lost my ballots and the next, I mean the last, the next thing I remember was waking on the ground.


I didn't, I don't remember falling or anything. Wow. Incredible. And what did they tell you when you awakened? No one actually saw me. My, my friends with the, with the missing cab came literally right after I fell. All I had was a bloody nose. Nobody knew what was going on. I was coming to, and then I thought, I was like, I think I fell off the balcony. It was, it was kind of a Crazy moment. See, hold on a second. This is unbelievable. This is incredible. I love how silent this arena can get. You're welcome. The story in which I feel like everybody's thinking like, oh fuck, that could've been me when I was 22. It certainly could have been us. It's as quiet as an actual HEB in here right now.


So nobody noticed that you had fallen off. You kinda woke up and came to, you have a bloody nose. Could you feel your legs or anything? I Couldn't get up. I couldn't move. And that's when I was just like, hell, something happened to Me. How did they find you? I would, I, I landed on the only four foot patch of grass right next to a curb and six inches from a sprinkler. Wow. If you would've landed on the sprinkler, you would've been the best smelling Indian man that any of us wouldn't that have been something just that's, yeah. You were one sprinkler away from a superhero origin story. Were you, would you say it was your uncle?


You were waiting for your uncle to turn up? Who was who was late? My, my, my cousins. Your Cousin. How long after the accident did you start blaming your cousins for making that happen? Immediately. Alright. Nice. Wow. And how old are you now? I'm 40. Okay. What do you do for a living? I am actually, you Make street food with your hands. You make sure your hands get into everything and they touch your feet and shit. Sometimes that's what you people do. Every single one of you. Except for the cool VIIa guy. He seems clean and nice. Okay. Alright. Okay. Again, that has nothing to do with anything.


I, I actually am a, I help people heal from emotions. I'm a, I'm an emotional healing coach I guess. I actually wrote a book. You write a book. I wrote a book. It's called Rolling With It. Lessons Learned while Sitting Down. No shit. What's your love life like? Can your dick get hard? It's what everybody wants to know. It's true. It's true. I gotta use blue pills every so often. But it Works. But yeah. Wow. That's a miracle. It It. That's great.


One miracle. Yeah. That's great. Hard as I rock. You are Indian. I am Indian. Are your parents like strict Indians or whatever they wanted you to be an engineer. Accountant. Oh, an accountant. Well, they can count on you. Never walking again. Do you get to see them a lot? Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Do you have anything fun that you do in your wheelchair? You play like wheelchair basketball? I play wheelchair basketball. Okay. I play for the Austin wreckers. Whoa, look at that. That's incredible. I love it. Wrecker is a weird name for a basketball team in wheelchairs because that's how a lot of them get in the wheelchairs.


Very true. Is there a rivalry on that team between men who were born, disabled and those who have become disabled? That's a great question. Some feel like more proud to be there or, That's a very interesting question. There's, It is. It's like women with big natural tits running into a woman with big fake tits. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think, I think the people who have have been paralyzed more recently hate the people that have, they just think this is life. You know, You looking down on them. You could Say that it's weird that the caste system even exists in the world of disability, but that's But wait, the, the newer crippled people look down on the longer crippled people Because the people who are born crippled, like that's just been their life.


So they're like, this is it. And, But you're like, you don't even fucking know how good it is to walk. Right. You Doc. That's what I'm trying to say. I got you. That's crazy. It's like trans women Versus cis women. Ah, That makes sense. I get it now. Yes. Wow. Damn. That's in I, I would've thought it would be the other way. I would've thought that the people born without the ability to walk would be like, you know, fuck you. At least you had a chance or whatever. I wouldn't have fallen off a balcony or whatever. I can't even see over the fucking bar to get 12 drinks in the first place. Like I think they would have a lot of built up in her anger.


Do you have a girlfriend or a wife? No, I don't. Okay. You go dating a lot Here and there. I get lucky sometimes. Okay. Yeah. You seem like a good looking likable guy. There's a lady Wooing very loud over there for you this evening. Are you from Austin? I'm from south Texas, but I moved during the summer. Okay. Have you kissed a girl in Austin since living here? I have not. Whoa. Oh Well my dear friend Vic VIK. It just so turns out that we have the best fan base here in the world. Is there a beautiful Austin woman out there that's willing to come up here and give Vic a big kiss?


Anyone? Is there a woman who, there's a bunch of dudes raising their fucking hands for some reason. Is that one right there with the glasses? Yeah. Yeah. You with the glasses? Is that you? Oh shit. Look at this one. Look at that. Vic. You're about to get your first Austin kiss. This looks like a real Austin woman. Misplaced tattoos. Keep coming. Keep walking lady. Okay. I cannot believe this is happening right now. It's happening. Vic, you're about to get your first Austin kiss from what appears to be Uncle Laser's aunt. This is incredible.


She has a bunch of tattoos. This is a real Austin girl Vic. Let's go. She might. You play for the records. She looks like she plays for the home records. This is very exciting. Oh shit. Here she is. Oh my God. You don't have to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. Here we go. Whoa, we got a camera angle on that. Oh shit. Oh Shit. This is New Year's Eve at the HEB Center. Oh My God. Oh shit. Hell yeah. That's fucking fun.


Here you go. Here's a, here's a big joke book. You crazy slut. Fuck yeah, absolutely. Now. Damn Vic. Happy news to me now Vic. It's New Year's Eve. Have you fingered a girl in Austin yet? Let's go. I have not. Well, here she comes back Up. Oh my God, this is crazy. I'm being told, I'm being told from the great director that we might have a slow motion replay of that kiss.


Wow. Look at the tongue action happening here. He could take away your legs but he could not take that mouth away. Dear God, that is an aggressive, you guys are both nasty fucks. You guys are fucking tonight for sure. That kiss was messier than your fall off of the balcony. Except, except your whole family's actually gonna notice that right when it happens, they're not gonna leave you. You might end up waking up next to a sprinkler again. Vic. You're gonna have a hell of a night ahead of you. They might have to rename this place.


The HEEB center after what? Alright, there's a big joke book. First guy to catch it tonight. How about that? Can I just say one more thing? Absolutely. Finally, someone with a disability on this show that can fucking enunciate. Wow. Just insulting some of the greats. Okay. Martin Phillips and Aaron Lyle are about to officially jump you when you get off stage. They have the ability to take put a some, they're about to put a fucking stick in your spokes. So your wheels.


Hello everyone. This podcast is sponsored by Prize Picks. All Star Weekend is almost here and Prize Picks is the best place to win cash while watching your favorite players during the game and the Saturday night events like the three point contest. Sign up today to get $50 instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus it's guaranteed. Think Steph Curry will get more than five. Three pointers next week. Giannis for more than 35 points. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this basketball season when you and your crew run your game on prize picks. Sports specialist, red band Tony, I love Prize pick. There are so many amazing opportunities to get on this week on prize picks. I'm looking at the football board and selecting Jason Tatum for more than 29 points and eth Anthony Edwards for more than 25 points. Wow. You know who those guys are? That sounds very strong. Red band. I like those picks. Download the app today and use Code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, download the app today and use Code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize picks. Run your game.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


Bucket pool number five. It is that time Ladies and gentlemen, straight to another bucket Pool. Make some noise for her. It is 60 seconds uninterrupted for Brittany o Gada. Brittany o Gada. Here we go. Brittany o Gada. One more time for Brittany. Everybody. I don't know what was going on out here, but I don't know how the fuck I'm gonna follow that shit. Okay, so the other day I went through my 18-year-old cell phone. I know non-progressive mom.


And I went through and I found a chat that he was using where he was sexually chatting with some AI robot named Cindy. And I'm over here thinking most parents would be gross the fuck out by now. But I'm over here. Like, yes, he's finally sexually talking to something. I need to get this shit dick outta my house already. But the joke was on me because I quickly realized that the AI chat robot that he was speaking to was from a group chat that was called Boys Who Secretly Want to Fuck Their Moms Boy. I was quick to the store to buy four fucking locks from my bedroom door that night.


Just the other day I went to go pick him up from school, high school and I'm sitting in the car and he comes out and he's got like one glove, just one glove on his hand. You know, one of the gloves with the tips cut off like how, how they wear like sticky bandits and home alone. And anyway, I looking at him was like, what the fuck is this homo doing? And he gets in my car and I'm like, what the fuck are you wearing? All right, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We, I'm gonna, I'm gonna save you again. There some saving people tonight. There it is. Oh boy. Oh, You Came out guns a blazing with an excuse. Don't know how I'm going to follow that.


And I knew right then and there that you were gonna fucking suck. Aw, It's okay though. I Had some laughters. Yeah, it's okay. That's exactly what Amy Schumer would say and look like. I had some laughters. Okay, let's talk about it. How long you been doing standup Brittany? This is my first time. What made you wanna sign up tonight? Okay. Got him back on your side. Joe DeRosa comes running back 'cause he thinks you're trans. What made you wanna sign up tonight here in an arena for your first time doing standup comedy?


Honestly, it's my husband's birthday. He's out there. He's been watching KILL TONY. Are you booing husband's birthday? What is, it's because they're Not on stage right now. That's all. Whoa. Straight up attacking the comedian section. The Comedian's attacking me. It's all right. Can I, my favorite bit of the set is where I thought you were saying he had a glove with the tits cut off. I said tips cut on. I know it was tips, but I It was gonna fun. It was gonna be a good joke. Can I ask what that was? Why did he have glove with the tips? He was wearing a glove and this is a true story.


People are begging for the undertaker to come out and beat the shit out of a woman. I hope he does. Absolutely incredible. I hope he does. This is incredible. I've, I've never seen anything. I did not think this is how this show would go. Okay. How long have you been with your husband? I've been with him for 10 years, but I've been watching you guys forever. So Again, the comedians are boo. Are you guys booing this? 'cause you think I'm gonna bring up the husband? Why are you booing her husband? I'm confused. What were you doing to the comedians during The show? I wasn't even sitting over there. I had my own ticket. Why do you think they're booing you for bringing up your husband?


I Just wanted send the undertaker. I'm not bringing up the undertaker. It wasn't my intention to have that be on the table when a woman came up and bomb. I know, Right? People really wanna see it though. This is incredible. Okay, I'm gonna save you. I'm gonna save everybody right now. Is there any hilarious thing about you? There you go. That's her time. This is a very, very, very good on you. This is the smallest joke book I could find. There she goes. And now Ladies and gentlemen, watch how fast the energy in the room changes as I bring up a comedian who was not here last night and hasn't been around very much lately because he has been booked doing, sold out shows all around the world.


A man of true mystery, an anomaly, if you will, in the history of KILL. TONY is one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. A freak a man talked about. Some people say that this is God's favorite comedian, Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the long awaited return of Casey Rocket.


And yet I find, yet I find there's no one left. Her God. Senior year is gonna be nuts. We're gonna run this school man. Marble, marble hair. The ritual's almost complete, Tony. But One of us has to die for the other to truly be free. Alexander Wept for there were no more rifts left to conquer. It's funny you bring that up. 'cause seven years ago tonight, my teacher, Ms.


Garlic, Carly garlic, she aired the garlic fortune. She old garlic money. You guys would've loved her. But She, She pulled me aside and she said, titty boy LaCroix. And I said speaking. And she said five words that changed my life. She said, what do you want to be when you grow up? And I told her the truth, Austen. I said, I wanna relapse. And she, she was startled. I think she was startled because a relapse is predicated upon an initial addiction. But she's a sheep.


She doesn't get me like you guys do. But so seven years ago I would've been 12. I'm 19 now and I've never looked better. Maybe he's born with it. Maybe it's from huffing ether. But science isn't there yet to tell. But it's funny to do drugs when you're 12. 'cause two years before that you were 10. So, so you're a little kid, you're like a little kid. Like I can remember doing Air duster with my friends and we're 12 years old. I can remember doing duster and my buddy would be like, what's the biggest dog you've ever seen? And my neighbor's dog's fucking massive.


But you shouldn't do duster. I've lost a lot of good friends like that. Crisp Pinis, Aaron Carter, crisp Pinis couldn't have happen to a nicer guy, especially around the holidays. But Crispin Wall murdered his family, allegedly. I think Ray Mysterio did it, but thank you Casey Rocket. Class of 2013. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen, that is how it's done. Thank you. What a return. I mean, I don't think I've ever said this before on this show, but Casey, I have missed you.


I missed you. You are such a distinct type of rockstar built for arenas at the ripe age of 19 years old. 19. That's news to us. And I've never looked better. It's true. Did you get a Septum piercing? You say something funny? You bring that up, James. I did. Wow. Did it hurt? Yeah. Where'd you get it? Done at? Ties. Wow. Where's ties at? Right next to Mr. Tyler's. Okay, let's talk about Carly Garlic heir to the garlic Fortune.


That name what's in a name, really. But Ms. Garlic was one of the formidable adversaries and my benefactor, she put me through med school and I wouldn't be anywhere without Miss Garlic. That's Carly Garlic to you. It's Miss Garlic to me. Wow. Which seems backwards, but That is amazing. It's funny you that no idea you went to medical school. What did you study at medical school? Pre-med. Okay. I love it. I love It. Yeah.


Just trying to figure it all out. Yeah. Phishing attacks, cybersecurity, homeland. You all right? Red band? You okay? Bubba Red Band's been really sick. Casey, you are such a star with such an unbelievable like brand and your own style. How's it been going out on the road? It's been really good. I Oh, you're putting your hair back. We've never seen this before. That's a new thing. It's been the best summer of my life. Yeah. I went to, Can you turn to the sides that everybody can see? Wow. Look at that.


Oh my God. Titty boy. LaCroix. Thanks. In these old rags. Yeah. It's been the best summer ever. I went to 40 cities. I just got finished, so I'm going to 30 more next year. It's been really fun. Thank you for coming to see me. Wow. So cool. Thank you. A true comedian, a true comedian spreads his wings all over. How do you travel? What type of vehicle do you have? I've always wondered that you seem like such a mysterious man. I've always pictured you perhaps horse and carriage or something. Yeah. Nosferatu style.


I, God, listen to that. Nosferatu Pop, one of the biggest pops in showbiz history. Tony's about to barf Redband. So sick. I did a almost double spit take there. I swallowed half. Yeah. Horse and buggy. My mom's a horse trainer. Shout out to Jenny Rocket. She's a horse trainer. She's watching from home right now. So cool. That's nice. Thanks. Yeah. Horse and buggy, little car, big car. I'm looking at the way that Joe DeRosa is looking at you. And I noticed that it changed when you put your hair back in a ponytail. I I did notice that at a, out of all the almost trans women tonight.


Yeah. I am most attracted to Casey. It is incredible. Truly out of the, out of the performers and the woman that came up to kiss the Indian in the wheelchair somehow Casey Rocket is indeed the most beautiful woman that's been on the stage tonight. You're Very, Oh, Is that Jenny Rocket? I'm here. I, I wanna say a very sincere thing. Yeah. To Casey. I mean, this dude like you, like, you know, when you, you're in the business, whatever, you see some of the younger guys coming up and sometimes you see a dude that makes you go, fuck man, this guy, I gotta work harder.


You're one of those fucking guys to me, man. I'm serious man. Oh, thank you Joe. You really are. I'm serious. I've started to see You're fucking Awesome. Thank you. I've seen a couple people on social media. I've been sent some clips of some people. I don't know their names. I wouldn't throw anybody under a bus. But I will say that I'm starting to see some up and coming comics. Try to rip that style a bit. A lot of roaming around. A lot of not looking at people. I'm starting to see murmurs of it. Sure. The Comedy Store Tribe, Harmon SALs have gone through the Roof. It's terrible. Yeah. Riffing is not a victimless crime. It's, It's not.


I wouldn't advise it. It's tough. I don't want to, we can talk about it later, but of course we'll circle back to it. Of course. But that's really flattering. I'm just a comic, just a guy from his car living the American dream and happy to be here. Thank you. We Love you. KC Rocket. Another unbelievable performance. Truly. Truly. You have watched this star be born and risen and rises again. This is the resurrection of Titty Boy LaCroix Casey Rocket. And that brings us indeed to bucket pool.


Number six. Who knows? This next person could be the next Casey Rocket. Make some noise for him. It's Tim Hill. Everyone. Tim Hill. Straight out of the bucket. Anything can happen. There's Tim Hill, Austin, Texas. Is everybody doing good on New Year's? Good. Good. So I just wanna say, every woman in the world, every woman reaches an orgasm differently. Fellas listen, every woman comes differently. Every woman takes a little something different to reach a climax. I was dating a lady one time who can only come while she was on top. My last girlfriend can only come when she was getting fucked from behind.


The lady I'm with right now can only come if she's getting fucked by a black guy. And I'm tied up. It's crazy. It's crazy. But tomorrow I'm gonna be a couple years sober actually. And don't woo. I have a minute. But I was in Narcotics Anonymous for a long time and there was this lady, she was in my group, she was in Narcotics Anonymous. She was there for weed. And you, I respect everybody, but like, fuck that lady. You know what it's like. Hey yo, we do heroin and benzos in your sweetheart. All right. Get a story or get out. Okay. We're good.


There you go. Tim Hill. You've been on this show before. I remember you Years ago. Yeah. Welcome, welcome, welcome back. Was it, were you still on narcotics the last time you were on this show? No, but the last time I hung out with you, I was, when Did we hang out? Skank Fest South. I was, I was toast. That makes sense. That makes sense. That's A terrible festival for a recovering narcotics addict too. Yeah, yeah. Choose to go to. But I was fucked up. I was, I was on drugs. Okay. Yeah. Well I'm proud of you for the journey. Thank you man. I appreciate it. Unless, unless you want to hang out later. Yeah. Look at that. Joe DeRosa found the second most beautiful woman on this stage tonight. I was gonna say, I like how Casey was dressed like Lane Stanley and you look like Courtney.


Love It is amazing. Yeah. It's a fucking guy who wants to do coke with me later. That's what I'm talking about. Okay. What's up? We're getting quiet. What do you do for work? I take care of dogs. I'm like a trainer and stuff like that. I go around, I walk dogs. I take, I work at a place for like a daycare, but I do a lot of stuff with them. Hold on. But you've got a UPS shirt on this. This is a, Are you stealing valor from the UPS? Yeah. You know, you get to skip the lines and things like that. Free packages delivered to my house. This is my girlfriend shirt. So you really do have a girlfriend?


Yeah. How long have you been with her? Very, since I got to Texas, like right away in March. Like eight or nine months. Okay. What does she do Now? She works for a gun company. She counts like gun parts. Yeah. Hell Yeah. Yeah. She makes, she's fucking putting Glocks together. Bringing 'em home. Yeah. I find parts all over my house. It's like John Wicks living in my home, you know? Almost forgot we were in Texas and then I heard a pop for gun parts. Yay. Fuck Your here. Parts of a gun. Can't have a whole gun without the parts. I just love them when the parts come together.


This is a hot crowd tonight. I is a true Texas crowd cheering for gun parts, people crying. I saw tears out there during that national anthem. I saw tears for the undertaker. This is real Texas crowd. And you, you did a joke about like your girlfriend having sex with black guys while you watched. But this, I'm just noticing this, in America, in every hotel room there is a C chair looking at the bed. Yeah. So is that more common? There's always a chair. So someone, it's right at the bed. Is that a very common No, that's, that's Tim Hill's special seat. I'll tell you. That's mine. Yeah, they don't do that in Australia. They don't have a chair in the bedroom.


Just in case you wanted, it Doesn't always point directly at the bed. It's like a, it's a chair where you're supposed to like, I don't know, take your shoes off or Watch your wife get fucked by another man. It's truly the land of milk and Honey America. We have a chair in the hotel room. How fucking baddest shit in Australia. I'm the king of the castle. I'm in a chair. What's an Australian thing that's in a bedroom that's not in an an American bedroom. A real man. Thank You. That's great. I appreciate that. People that don't talk like idiots, Why wouldn't You say that? I knew it would come to this.


We have perfectly good bedrooms. We talk in a normal way. No, you don't listen to yourself. Yeah, It's fair. Sound like a moron. Here's what's hard. I've been here for long enough now that I went to the airport to go back to Australia and as I was in line, I heard a wom. I heard a woman talking and I thought, fuck, she's retarded. And then I realized it was my accent that I was hearing coming back to me. I also love that the Australian pronunciation of retarded is equal to the Boston pronunciation of retarded. But Dad, You gotta pay the respect to where it came from. You know, Tim, what's the craziest thing we'd be surprised to know about you that since the last time you've been on this show a couple years ago, Let's talk to ladies Dick.


Whoa. Well you got yes club now let's, whoa. Let's sit out and have a conversation my friend. Welcome to another episode of Whoa Osa. Let's talk about it. Take us through the evening. Nice and slow. Don't just go straight to like the, so she's coming down the back of my throat. Like, where did you see her? Where did you meet her? What? Take a nice and easy, It's a pretty simple story. You go on a, a website called List Crawler. Wait, what the fuck is That? Like I sucked a, I sucked a prostitutes dick. Oh my god. Christ. There was a condom on it. That's a, which made me feel more like a whore.


Yeah. So you basically than I Did in the first place. You basically sucked a dildo. Yeah. That's like, that's like making a sandwich for the guy at Subway. No. That it sounds like that but no, when the, when the interest is to see a lady with giant tits and a cock. The $75 is worth it. You paid $75 to suck a lady's dick with a condom On it. Yeah. It is weird that this is what the biggest conservative podcast in America looks like. Right?


Like conservative has changed Its meeting pretty drastically over the last two Years. Look, so let me Speak for Now. It's a right wing podcast. They're all sucking. Who? Dick. Let Me, let me, let me speak for everybody. When I say everyone in America deserves to suck a lady's dick, we just don't want our kids to have to hear about it in school. Yeah. The second they graduate high school, it's fucking condoms. Ready? I'll clear it up. I, it was a three-way dick suck with a woman who I was with. Dig Up.


Wait, wait. Okay, say that again. I used to have sex on the internet, you know. What do you mean Sex? I had, I'm telling I'm gonna get there. I had sex on Chatter. Bait if you're familiar. Yeah. Oh, Standing ovation from red band. Our senior disgusting correspondent. And we wanted to switch it up so we got tits and a dick at the same time. Not a common order on the internet. Hold On. So this is with your girlfriend? Yeah. So you and your girlfriend are like, let's get a woman with a dick over here. Correct. Let's Go. That's the start and stop of the story. We find one on the internet.


Oh. Whatever happened to good old fashioned heterosexual love? Well, 'cause here's a problem. Who gets sick of girl on top and needs to bring tits and a dick into the equation. By the way, I just wanna take a moment. About 20 seconds ago, there was a guy on the final thing when I said, so you and your girl had a girl with a dick come over and some guy over there goes gay. Like it's like where have you been the last seven minutes sir, if you just wake up. Is that Vic landing from the third floor again? He's like Gay.


It's a sprinkler going next to me. But this ends with a sprinkler in your face as well. It Sure does. Yeah. Okay. No, 'cause my girlfriend and I, we were on chatter bait a lot and we had regular people who liked the things that we did and they wanted, they wanted a little switch up. Right. And hey, it's a switch up that I didn't fucking hate. Right. Okay. So the woman comes over, you throw a con. Do you guys just get right to it? Is there any small talk? There's drug use. Okay. What kind of drugs? Coke is what I was on. Okay. And the And the hooker, the trans hooker did coke as well. They, the hookers won't do your drugs. I don't know if you boys have ever tried, but the hookers are playing it safe nowadays.


Right. And they won't do Dr. All I wanted for two years was to do coke in a room with a hooker and not would hang out with me. It's not A hard thing to achieve, Dude. It's harder than you'd fucking think. Apparently it's Not. Alright, show me around. This is incredible. This is the world that people who hated the Beatles were afraid of. They knew it started with a man with long hair and it ended attacking a prostitute for not doing drugs with you on the internet. You are like 80 pounds and a dick in your mouth away from being me. Okay. That's true. There was a fork in the road and we went down. I, I went with the sandwich.


You went with the penis. There was a fork in your mouth. Yeah. That's incredible. You're a wheelchair away from being Lieutenant Dan. Okay. So the hooker comes over, you and your girlfriend do drugs. The hooker refuses your drugs starts slowly putting on a condom. No, they hang out. She's, yeah, pretty much. Yeah, she gets it. I get sucked. You know, a little bit by both of 'em. And then we do what the people on the internet are, are asking for, which Is Oh, so you went live on the internet sucking a dick? Yes. Wow. Any regrets the next morning? No, I love that. No. Just a unlocked thing that I know I like now that I can't, A lot of guys are sobering up out there realizing that this guy's out there sucking cocks and that they don't like that.


How much money did did you Make though? A good amount more than the $75. You fucking homophobes. So you pull the profit off this that A hundred percent easy peasy hotel room coke and hooker free. Wow. At what point do you and your girlfriend stream the AIDS test? That's Patreon. That's next week. Is the clip findable somewhere? Is it out? No. Oh, okay. Red band was trying. I wanted to help Him. I don't Can you go backwards on Chatter Bay Redband? You know You already have a joke book. No. Here You go. There goes fuck my Dick. Damn. Well no. That's another person's job.


There goes Tim Hill.


Everybody Save on Cox Internet when you add Cox Mobile and get fiber powered internet at home and unbeatable 5G Reliability on the go. So whether you're playing a game at home yes. Cool. Or attending one Live Go. You can do more without spending more. Learn how to save at Cox dot com slash internet. Cox Internet is connected to the premises via coaxial cable. Cox Mobile runs on the network with unbeatable 5G reliability as measured by Okla LLC in the US to H 2023. Results may vary not in endorsement of the restrictions applied


Live from Radio City Music Hall. It's the SNL 50 Homecoming concert. Featuring performances by Arcade Fire. The B 50 twos, Backstreet Boys, bad Money. Bonnie Ray, Brittany, Howard, Brandy Carlisle, Chris Martin, Dave Grove, David Burn, Devo, Eddie Vetter, Jack White, Jellyroll, lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Mumford and Sons Post Malone. The Roots and more celebrating 50 years of SNL Music streaming now only on Peacock.


Oh boy. This place is about to go crazy again. Oh, another person who wasn't here last night who just got into town today is yet another one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. A KILL TONY, hall of Famer. A guy. Absolutely. I believe second place for all time appearances. All time interviews A roast. God This is the one. And only David Lucas.


Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Y'all ever notice that snatching a black girl's wig off is equivalent to taking the mask off of the criminal on Scooby-Doo.


It's like I knew it was you. She's like, I would've got away with it if it wasn't for your kids. I don't know what it is about snatching a black girl's wig off, but that shit changed her DNA. You know what I'm saying? Because when you snatch the wig off, the eyebrows come with it. My relationship with my girlfriend ain't been the same since I snatched that bitch wig off. I snatch her wig off and I call the cops on that ho. I'm like, hey, it's a hood nigga in my bathroom. Somebody uncle just went in my closet.


But I think if you're in a relationship and you've been with a girl at least three months, you should have at least seen her natural face. Because the first time you see your girl without makeup, it's like damn baby. I didn't know you had six months to live. What the fuck? If I knew that shit was terminal, I would've never cheated on your ass. Alright, that's my time. Think. Fuck yes. The return of the legend. Yeah. David Lucas. Tony. Oh, You look like a gay nigga going through a divorce yos. That motherfucker got his sleeves rolled up. Like he about to split everything in half, including the dildo.


This is your half. What's up Tony? I like That little. Well we know you're not splitting anything in half. We know what you splitt in half. Oh you sun up a bit. That ass cheek mother. Oh. Oh my God. Your hat is as backwards as your diet. Goddamn. Tony, why you so red? Nigga? You gotta stop letting your man abuse you. You up here looking like a ripe tomato bitch. Your ass, I'm gonna throw it at the next bucket pool. That don't do good. Why you so red?


I can't believe you know what a tomato is. That's a vegetable with nutrients in it. But you know what a cucumber is? Fucking gay motherfucker. That nigga totally know what a sandwich pickle is. Look at it. He want one right now. And that nigga smoking that cigarette thinking about a dick. God damnit, you are on fire already A little bit. Look at you. You look like the somebody's fucking teddy bear ate everything. I just be missing Tony so much. God damn. What's up Tony? Joe DeRosa?


Yeah. Fucking That nigga looked like the kid off of the Wild Thornberries. Yep. What was that kid name on the wild? David, It's nice to finally be in a room big enough that you can fit into Joe. If you would've been riding in the front seat of JFK's car, he wouldn't be dead. Big head bitch. Water balloon. Head ass nigga. Get the fuck outta here. Look at that nigga head out here. That's Jimmy Neutron bitch. Get your It's true. It's true. He's got That motherfucker look like an educated llama.


Get your dumb ass. Look at that nigga head. I like that you're keeping the chocolate Twizzlers Inside your hat Joe. DeRosa look like he got a football helmet on. Boy. Such a big head ass if you head but a nigga to be a first degree homicide charge. Big head bitch. Goddamn. Damn. Now you gotta take a aspirin with a bow and arrow. David Lucas is Right Back told how many boyfriends you got now.


Oh my God. You stop it. Especially after that Trump shit nigga. I know you got some motherfucking exotic niggas now, but Hell yeah. Tony out here with all type of Puerto Rican niggas at his house. Before I was a blatant Republican, the only elephant that supported me was you Don't laugh at that shit man. Fuck this nigga. Oh yeah. Got him Tony. I don't, I don't even know why you are a Republican because you can't get abortions no more. What? You can't get no more abortions nigga. You're the one that looks like you're pregnant with triplets.


I might be sure. That is incredible. Every time I nut in a bitch I get pregnant. Have you not tried Ozempic? Are you allergic to it or something? What's going on? You haven't tried it? You know there's an easy way around this now. Tony. You out here taking Zes? Testosterone bitch. Yo, motherfucker. What a gay ass nigga. Dave's like I've been eating the ozempic. It's not working. Joe De Rose. We gonna put your head on some ozempic. Bitch. Your head need to go on the slim ass diet bitch. Go to James. He's fat. No, I'm sitting this out.


I was very happy to sit this one out. That motherfucker James looked like William Montgomery waking up from a 20 year coma. You Shut your man can shut your bitch mouth. David Lucas. David Lucas look like Pusha T ate big smalls. I'm not taking this from you. Oh Shit. You woke the Australian Roast Beast. I Wanna weigh that nigga up. Boy. It look like somebody put your ass in the dryer. Bitch. That Motherfucker said I gotta be to KILL TONY in 30 minutes. Lemme go in the dryer. Well if people would stop canceling right before the show started, I'd have some time to prepare.


I called you Bitch you dumb bitch. You are so nice backstage. What is this weird persona? Why are you acting all nasty in front of these 8,000 people? Your mama raised you better than that. Yeah, a kangaroo raised you. You Australian bitch. Did you drive a Subaru? Here you fucking lesbian. Get your ass outta here. James McCann. You look like a disho lesbian. Get your motherfucker. Oh yes. You look like a very handsome man. Indeed.


You don't have any problems going on in the body. People in glass houses shouldn't eat so much. David. If David lived in a glass house, he wouldn't be able to lean against any of the walls. Y'all gang it up on me now I'm kind of like niggas gang up on Tony. You start. Yeah, it's funny Motherfucker. Joe DeRosa. Go ahead. What? What your head got to say? I like to see you put on a baseball cap nigga Your hat is on the last notch. Show the notch to the people. It's on the last fucking notch. Can we zoom in on that notch?


Look At that. But Joe DeRosa, you look like one of them rattlesnake preachers. You know what I'm saying? The rattlesnakes bite you, then you pray it off. Alright. That wasn't that good. Yeah, Don't try to get e terry. Try to rise. It look like someone who has given Richard Nixon advice. He does. Look at him. You do? Look At him. Jay can't just make me laugh. I don't know. I watched the Watergate documentary. You are in it a lot. You look like somebody bleached David Lucas. You fat. Fuck. I'll accept it. He's not that fat. That's Like my, yes he is. He's fat. Oh, in my country, If I was his eyes, I'd be happy. In my country, I'm very, very fat. For real. Australia In America, I'm doing okay.


It's In on in in America. You healthy nigga. That's a, I have been riding around on the scooters at the Walmart. That is a good time. I've seen you there. We've been out there together. Hell yeah. I don't shop at Walmart, nigga. What the fuck is you talking about? Joe De Rosa look like he can only drive convertibles with that head nigga. Or a fucking car with a sun roof. You just see his head poking out the top. If you see Joe de Rosa's head shadow, that mean we got 30 more days on. I can't, This is incredible. The Rosa Day, David Lucas Is only here because when he heard HEB Center, he thought he was going to the best grocery store ever.


HEB is is it is a good grocery store. It's Fantastic. Yeah, it is a good grocery store. That's, That's where you can catch him on mobility, scooters. I actually do groceries delivered to my house. I don't, I don't, I Don't really? Yeah, really? You don't move around much. Oh, okay. That's A surprise. He is. If you get a headache, you gonna be in the hospital for three days? No, I had this man picked as a Whole Foods man. 'cause he's eating the Whole Foods man up in that store. That's all I have. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm gonna say a kangaroo to beat your ass. This is incredible. Yeah. You really get groceries delivered. Yeah.


Is that, have they done drive by style or What do you order? Tony fucking, You know me. Sausage right up my ass. Organic. As long as it's organic. Hell Yeah. No condom. So David, how's life been going? You've been on the road, you've been traveling around. Yes, sir. I got a lot of tour days for 2025. Me and you Got some exciting stuff coming up. Yep. So you'll be seeing a lot of stuff from me and Tony in 2025. I can't wait for the world to see that. Yep. Yeah. Just touring, doing shows. Thank you for everybody who have supported.


We love you David. You're a fucking monster. An absolute beast. Thank you man. I appreciate It. Make some fucking noise for the great and powerful David Lucas, You might as well, my man. One more time for David. Everybody again. Hall of famer legend. And speaking of legends, let's just go back to back chaos before we get back to this bucket. You guys want back to back chaos. I present to you here to grace us with his presence. It's unbelievable.


Just like the undertaker being here. This is so surreal for a fucking young punk like myself that fucking started when I was younger. Thinking who knows where this can go here to do an appearance on this show, Ladies and gentlemen, the first comedian to ever sell out an arena, one of the greatest of all time I present to you. This is indeed the return of Andrew Dice Clay.


You know what, Tony, you know what I, I should have, I mean you number one, let's hear for Tony Hinchcliffe. He's unreal. But I, you know, and I know it's New Year's Eve. I mean, I saw the undertaker. I fucked them. But the thing is this, Tony, I am a little upset. I'm just, I shouldn't have even came up here tonight, I'll be honest.


'cause you know, when you carry something, you know, Joe, when something's bothering you, and I know we're in an arena full of people, but if I don't get it off my chest, it's really gonna bother me. And, and I won't be able to do anything for you because I'm getting ready for the show. Right? And I tell her all the time. 'cause I follow a list. I, I, I put things like fingerless gloves I stole from Dick's Sporting Goods check. And I tell her, don't make any noise when I follow the list, but she makes a noise. And I come over and I tell her, as nice as you shut up, I go back to the list shoes by Feder Gamo.


She makes another noise. It gets a little more severe. I'm telling you the truth. You know, I feel like an asshole. But I come over and I go, you know, shut the fuck up. I mean, you understand, if somebody said that to you, you would understand it. Right? She makes another noise. And, and I'm just gonna out myself to this crowd because I'm just sick inside. And I've been sitting backstage for a while, and I come over to her and, and with one hand I'm, I, I'm just, can't lie. I just can't do it.


And, and with one hand, I grab Alexa out of the fucking wall, this piece of shit, and I bash her on the fucking ground. And now she's in fucking pieces. You know, I got Alexa during the pandemic. Oh. And everything was beautiful back then. I don't know. I'd come outta the room in the morning. I go, Alexa, play Frank Sinatra radio. Come fly with me. Let's fly. Let's fly away. Thank you. Alexa, check the coffee timer for five minutes.


Beep beep, beep beep. Alexa, what's the weather like outside? Oh, it's suddenly with a few clouds in the sky. And about eight months ago it starts, right? I come out, Alexa play Frank Sinatra radio. She starts playing some fucking rock and roll ate Alexis, set the coffee timer for five minutes. Nothing till I'm in the shower. 20 minutes later and she starts beep, beep, beep, beep. Hoping I slip and break my fucking hip.


Why? Why didn't they come out with Anthony? Just for the guys? I know that would've never been a problem. Anthony. Play Frank Sinatra radio. Come fly with me. Let's fly, let's fly away. Anthony set the coffee timer for five minutes. Dice. You only gotta tell me one fucking time. I'm not fucking Alexa. Me and you were the same. Go take your fucking shower. And if you wanna know the weather, look out the fucking window. And here we are fucking New Year's Eve.


This is the night. Let me tell you, this is one load at a time, fellas. Everybody gets to shoot their moose juice all over you tonight. That's what it's all about. And tonight, it's not just about a quick bang, it's about being a fucking mechanic. Walk around the bed pal. Take a good look at her, what she's wearing. Be a mechanic. Move the tongue to the side. Nice beefy clamp chops between her legs. You get on missionary. Why? Why would you get on missionary just to break a sweat, loosen the back muscles, the back of your legs, get on your toes, dig in a little.


Now when you break a sweat, you grab a by a ankle, pull it to the edge of the bed caddy corner. It's the best fucking workout in the world. You're doing the screwdriver, you're working your shoulders, your tries, your thighs. It's in incre. Now you're gonna do your fucking squats. Hold onto that fucking ankle. But on the third time down your face goes right into the pink lip lagoon. On the sixth time down, my friend, you miss the pink lip lagoon. And your tongue goes in a whole other area. And when your tongue goes in, her asshole, by the way, the asshole, they used to hide from us with extra long pussy hair.


And today they take it to the salon, they get it bleached out, buffed out. Put a little studded fucking earring in there. So when your tongue goes in there, what does a chick do? They all look to the left. They're all like, did he do what? I think he just did? And then the show begins is puty is putty, tick, tick, tick, ankle putty, putty, putty is like, you're honking a horn, eh? Then you pick up the tempo is put, is putty, is putty, tick, tick, put, put, put.


And I learned all of that from all of my mom's best fucking friends. And that's where you are on New Year's Eve. I just, I just came out and, and I heard when you yelled that out, I, I heard it, but I don't know if these, these people would know the mother gu stuff. So, You know, I'm not, I'm not gonna stand up here unless I really hear that. You fucking know this little Miss Moffitt sat on a t eating occurred him way long.


Came as fight. He sat down beside, he said, Hey, what's in the bowl, bitch? Oh, Jack and Joe went up the hill, both with a buck and a quarter. Joe came down with two 50. Oh, little boy blew. He needed the money. Hickory Dickory doc. This chick was sucking by cock the clock struck too. I dropped my goo, I dumped a bitch on the next clock. Oh, oh. Mother hubby went to the cupboard to get her old dog a bone.


She bent over. Rover took over. Oh, she got a bone of Aone. You've been a great crowd. God bless. Happy fucking New Year's. I love you, Austin. Thank you Tony. I love you. Goodnight. Andrew Dice, Clay. Ladies and gentlemen, you are in it. The vortex of fucking chaos that is KILL TONY in its hometown in an arena. You guys having fucking fun tonight or what? We're going back to the bucket.


Somebody has to follow. The first comedian that ever did an arena straight out of a bucket. Could be you. One minute uninterrupted to the seventh bucket pole of the night that goes by the name of Cameron Altman. Everybody, Cameron Altman. Make some noise for Cameron. Everybody. What's up Austin? So denying the Holocaust is like denying OJ did the crime. It's kind of like denying Sleepy Joe's a petto.


So the left says, Hitler's coming to power this year, Hitler. Ugh. If that's the case, I may need to borrow somebody's attic. I don't feel like writing a diary. So all it's really gonna say is, we didn't learn shit from our history. Give them a circus. A nun shall revolt. Welcome to the circus folks. I guess so. Anyways, sorry. So the eat the rich. Everybody's saying I'd go down on a lonely old widow for a chance at owning a house in this economy.


Okay, I'm gonna save you immediately. Cameron. Cameron Altman. Welcome, welcome. How are You? Doing well, Tony. How long you been doing standup? A couple months now. Okay. All of it. Here in Austin? No, in Denver actually. Okay, Well welcome. From Denver. Is that where you're originally from? No, I'm originally from Oklahoma. For those of you listening to the, there is nothing this guy can do more to be hated by this audience. I'm trying my best. No, Oklahoma sucks. It's a bunch of pedophiles. You you, you're doing a good job. Keep trying. Yeah. Take Us like literally Cameron, take a step forward. Look it out at those people and tell them why Oklahoma sucks.


Oklahoma sucks because there's a bunch of meth addicts that touch children. Okay. Do you like Oklahoma? Hate Oklahoma. They hate Oklahoma. Do they like touching children? No. What did ghost Say? Okay, red band. Thank you. It is hard to follow Andrew Dice Clay. That's fair. People do say that. That's fair. That's fair. It is. Especially when you don't have material in your eyes are closer than Clinton and Epstein. Look at those fucking things. Your eyes are almost touching. Hey, traumatic brain injury too. My brother threw a rock at my Head. Oh my God. All right. The crowd isn't happen it, I Wanna say now, Cameron, here's a little joke book.


I'm gonna save you. You've only done many. Oh, Jesus has just hit him between the eyes. Been a while. It's impossible to hit him between The eyes. So keep going. That's fair. All You do we ever replay that Afraid of anything anymore. All right. That's fair. I'm calling for a slowmo replay of that book Hitting Him. I'm wondering how long it'll take. Here we go, Ladies and gentlemen. Joe, you walked outta it. Where's it at? Here. Here it's gonna come. Oh, Jesus Christ. Give it to me one more time, Anthony. It's just too good. Oh, look at this. We happen to have the production team from the UFC here, so I can literally, oh yeah, right. Oh my God. Wow. That is incredible.


I mean, his fingers weren't even close. The throat is incredibly accurate, Ladies and gentlemen. Oh, and look at the reaction time. That is a true traumatic brain injury. He blinks seconds after it hits him. Oh, and he tried to catch the rebound. Not even close. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen, we might be the first arena show ever to watch the cause of a suicide happen in real time. He's gonna be back, he's gonna make it. This is like when Trump went to that White House correspondence dinner and everyone was laughing at him and he was like, fuck you, I'm gonna take over that guy's. Gotta get some jokes and he's gonna be back. He could end up being the best comedian of all time one day day.


Yeah. Suck up his booze. I don't care. I'm strong boo away, fat man from Oklahoma. I can't believe I missed that whole thing. I was peeing and I just heard a wave of booze. I couldn't explain to you what happened if I tried. It's a haunted house. That was nuts. I'm gonna change the tone of this room yet again. Everybody. Don't worry. Booing people. This is a very emotional audience. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you yet another one of the greatest regulars in this show's history. A freak of nature that makes writing and performing a new minute look like a casual fucking putting butter on your toast in the morning.


I present to you one of my favorite human beings. One of my favorite comedians, Ladies and gentlemen, you know 'em. This is the great and powerful Cam Patterson. Everyone, You can get louder than, Oh fuck.


Can y'all tell I ran outta material yet, nigga, I ain't got shit to say. Oh, I say this. I would, I, I just learned how to do that backstage. And I thought that was gonna be pretty fucking funny if I could have pulled it off. But it would've been cool to do that in like 19, like 32. You take over a whole fucking town, nigga like this nigga's a witch and a nigga. What's fuck going on here? Man, I tell you this. I fuck Barack Obama, nigga. Not for the reasons you think, brother. That nigga was too happy. No, I I say that because when I was a little kid, my teacher told me I could be whatever I wanted to be in life.


Even the president of the United States. And I was like, what is that? And then she said he made the rules for the country. And Cam, you could even be the first black president of the United States. And then when I was in third grade in 2008, Barack Obama became the first black president. And that fought nigga took my dreams from me and I sold crack the next day. All right. That's it. I'm done. I love that. What the fuck I Tried. I think that's a great fucking joke. That's one of my favorite jokes. That's that's a great joke. All right. Whatever you say brother, I'll bet that be a stressing like a motherfucker. Tony.


I ain't have shit. I'm like this water thing going only thing I have right now. I swear to God. You're getting in your own head. That's what happens. You Have a different, it almost worked. Were you using a napkin? What Happened there? It was a, it was a magnet. It was supposed to be magic nigga. I was doing magic Kim. I'm just curious. Huh? What was supposed to happen with the upside down cup? It was supposed to stay like that. And then what? And then that was it. Oh, okay. Well I did that same thing in Boston and they loved it, but they dumb. So it's You did what? The water trick. Oh, They fucking lost they minds in Boston. You don't like it? No. What the the ma The water trick? Yeah. Oh, I love the water trick. You Love the water trick?


It's pretty, I just learned that shit in Boston. It was dope. Okay. They Also never seen a black person in Boston. Like, here you go black man. Lets see. We're gonna teach you some tricks. It's a water cup. We have a replay of it. Let's see the replay of your, what you consider your lowest moment in comedy history. Very proud right there. Oh, look at the look of absolute shock. This I know the, the sheer surprise that it didn't work. Whoa. I was so confident in it. Whoa. I can't believe it. Not gonna hold you. Listen real shit. It was either I was gonna do that. I was gonna come to the bench and just start jerking for like two minutes, nigga.


That was it. That's all I had. I can't wait for the next bucket pole to get electrocuted. 'cause you're Horseshit. Magic trick didn't work. I'm telling you, the Obama joke Is Good, man. That shit is terrible, nigga. Why? It's just not good. It don't got no beefs to, it's not good. It's not good yet. We'll figure it out. Fuck it. It's all right. I think it was good. It was all, yeah, It's good. Trust me. It's good. Fuck. Bullshit. It's good This up. The people love you. I hate it. Cam's getting in his head. This is what happens when you fucking make it and you're selling out shows and it's continuous and you have to write a new minute every week. I mean, again, that is a job that none of your favorite comedians, none of them, none of them that you think in the world that are the best.


None of them wanna put out a new minute every single week on the fucking internet. None of them trust me. I promise. Ask them when you see them, ask them why they don't do it just for free. Just for you. Hey, why don't You put out a minute for me every week of standup? They won't. They don't. 'cause it's scary as fuck. It's frightening and you can't do it. They can't come up with one, one minute. So imagine having to do it every week. Anyway, there he is. As you can tell by how hard he's sweating. It's not an easy job. And plus you have typical making it black guy problems. Your entourage gets bigger every week. It's a real thing. Your hair keeps getting bigger and your sweatpants keep getting tighter.


Now my Sweatpants been the same side the whole time. Sweatpants ain't Changed. I know. I'm just trying to have fun. Two years. You, you do have the biggest entourage of anyone I've met in comedy. It's like four people. No, I was, I was at a gig at the mothership a couple of weeks ago and you had 57 people backstage. Yeah. You had enough fried chicken to feed a whole neighborhood. That was for the whole club. I brought chicken for the whole club. Yeah, For everybody. Chicken. Yeah. But who ate it? I ate it. I was there. We ate it. I was the only white guy in the green room hanging out and eating the fried chicken. I had a great time. We're not surprised you were eating the fried chicken, James. Wow.


No, it's true. You have entourage problems. That's a normal thing. How many, What's? What's too many? Well it Starts with four. You always come in with four and then each one of them invites one and each one of those people invites two. It's a thing you people don't know about this. We're gonna let you know. See this is what happened. That's what's cool about a show like this. Yeah. Is you end up have watching white artists and black artists have conversations about the culture. That's why I only roll with my day one n words. Yeah, you got it. Yeah, It's true. James is part of Shane's crew. Shane's crew never adds people or takes them away. They stay strong. I was a weird addition 'cause I just showed up at his house.


I like the Obama thing. I dunno, that shit was terrible. No, we Loved the Obama thing. You can Still be the first black president who doesn't really disappoint black people. That's not going, that's gonna happen. I'm gonna disappoint Him. But Obama also is only half black. So you have a shot at being the first full black president. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that works. Yeah. And when you and the cabinet accomplish, or as you call it, your four friends, The cabinet's getting bigger all the time. Yeah. That's your entourage, right? When you the president. Yep. Yeah. Type shit. Yep. I'm a genius. Yep. Which is good. It's true.


Cam, what else is going on? Same Shit. Running around doing shows, shit like that. Okay. Hell Yeah. Everything's good. Everything Great. Alright. Cam met my dad. My dad was happy to meet Cam Patterson than anyone I've ever met. And he ran up and gave you a hug and you were so nice to my daddy. He's cool people Man. And then my dad was like, alright, that's done. Where's Heidi? I want to meet Heidi as quickly as possible. Anything else? Cam, everybody loves you. I don't know what's going on tonight. You See love? I'm good. I'm happy. Cam, the only way to get this back is to find a better piece of paper and make that magic trick work properly.


The people demand to see good magic. Yeah. Cam, will you do it again with the beer? You can do it this time. Cam. I believe in you. And you know what? Not only are we gonna do that, can you bring the horse girl up here? We have a young lady named Sarah Sloan who I made a promise to many months ago on the show. She can do the greatest horse impression you've ever heard. I didn't know when I was going to use her or how I was going to use her tonight, but I've decided she's gonna make her famous horse noise right now. Well, cam does the magic trick with a brand new fresh bottle of water and what appears to be, yeah, some cardboard.


We need to get you a microphone. Come over here. Same thing you used before. Okay. Yeah, you're good Cam. That's Gonna fail again. You can, we use this. Wait, what? Is that just normal? Are those my papers? That's your, I just grabbed that from Yeah, I'm sorry. What Is that? No, what do you need? Cardboard. What is that? I've never even seen this trick before. Fucking magic Cam. You didn't you to believe in yourself. That's the secret. Alright. There's no way this is gonna work. Make the horse noise. And Ladies and gentlemen, you're witnessing it.


This is the absolute stupidest comedy show of all time. Make the horse noise one more time. Cam Patterson, Ladies and gentlemen. There he goes. Let's do a replay of the water with one more horse noise. The horse noise. How about a hand for Sarah Sloan? Everybody, one more replay. Watch the monitors while you do it. Sarah, do a horse noise with the when it drops.


Here we go. And so dumb. Unbelievable. How about a hand for Sarah Sloan? Everybody, all of a sudden we're doing nineties Kum. This is great. Oh my god. I can't believe we're gonna win an Emmy for this episode. By the way, how about a hand for Heidi? Everybody. Oh shit. She's mopping. Can you believe this? All right, back to the bucket. We go. You guys won another bucket Pool. Alright. Ooh, this is a very fun name.


Make some noise for Daisy Hart. Everybody. Daisy Hart is next. Could be the first person to win a golden ticket in an arena. Could be the first regular maid in a Here she is. Anyway. Daisy heart. What The fuck is up Texas? Happy New Year's. Woo. Guys, I'm Daisy Hart. I've been here and everyone's been calling me daisy heartless lately. I'm like, ah, I'm sorry boys. You gotta be at least this tall to ride the ride.


Fuck you guys, y'all. I'm from a sundown town. If y'all dunno what a sundown town is, they have a sign that says if you're brown, turn around. I thought that meant if you're brown, turn around. You know. Hey, whatever guys. Fuck y'all. Y'all could be jealous. I'm new to comedy though. I hear you. Gotta eat a lot of dicks to be good at comedy. So y'all can start calling me little kamikaze. Whoop. It's hard to be this bad Daisy. They're yelling so much.


Welcome, Daisy. How long have you been doing standup? It's been almost nine months. Nine months? Yeah. All of it here in Austin. Yeah. My first time was with you. So On KILL TONY? Yeah. Okay. How's it been going? It It's been going good, you know. How did it feel tonight? I mean, I was a little scared of this crowd. HE B's. Always happy on the booing. I Think they were scared of you as well. I mean, they should be. I, I got a pretty big package, you know. What do you mean? You know, I I I carry a big dick on me usually. What does he, what do you mean? No, I mean, it's this big. This is big enough to put a lot of the guys in town to shame, so it's all good. Okay, Daisy, I'm gonna give you this little joke book.


Oh, Jesus Christ. I least did it. Alright, there she goes. Daisy hard. Everybody. This is a real show. People there goes Daisy Hart. She's gonna go vote for Kamala. One more time. I'm gonna save us all again. I can't help myself tonight. It's just highs and lows, baby highs and lows. I'm gonna bring up an ice cold, evil legend. A guy that I've been watching close shows forever. Whether it be the main room of the comedy store or the back of the mothership. I'm sitting back there. Every set is different. I present to you the return of your favorite comedians favorite comedian.


This is Brian Holtzman. You guys better get louder than that for the legend. Brian Holtzman. I just cut Daisy down. She was trying to hang herself backstage. Somebody go check on that bitch. Ain't it great? When women try to do men's shit, fuck raising a family, you know, being a member of the community.


Stay in your lane, bitch. Learn how to cook. I'm not too happy with the panel. Trump is gonna get this Australian. He's the first fucking immigrant that's gonna get the fuck out of the country. Oh, did I hurt some of your feelings? Fuck Bob Dylan playing all that silly love songs. I was in a toxic relationship.


How long? 18 months. Why did it take you so long to to figure out you were in a toxic relationship? Was it when he had his hands wrapped around your fucking throat? Guys know how to get rid of guys quick. We know when guys are dangerous. We get away from 'em real quick. What's wrong with you bitches? You can't sense danger. What was it when he pushed you outta that slow moving fucking car near Lake when he spilt his beer in your face, in front of your parents?


Kill yourself. Kill yourself. Happy New Year. It's a brand new year. Tell all your friends, tell all your people, you know, stop with the feelings. We don't give a fuck about your feelings. I hope everybody got what they wanted for Christmas and Kwanza and Hanukkah and Isis.


You wanna decorate the tree or cut somebody's fucking head off? Yeah, some are laughing, some can't because you're fucked. I didn't do it too well. I got those gift cards again. Gimme the fucking cash. Gimme the cash. What happens if I wanna buy a cock ring? Am I gonna find that a target? Gimme that fucking cash. Here's a gift card. Why don't you just shit in my hand? Shit in my hand, shit in my gimme the cash.


What happens if I wanna buy a fucking asshole extender? You know, could you see me a target trying to get a asshole extender? Well, it looks like a reversed egg eggbeater and it has keys on it and you, you, you crank it and it makes your asshole larger. Do you have it? Oh, who's not laughing at that stupid ass? I got New Year's resolutions too. I'm not lifting up the fucking toilet seat when I piss.


I got a prostate problem. I'm not going up and down with the fucking toilet seat bitch. Turn around and see where that seat is And if there's piss on it. Be a be a girl and wipe the fucking urine off. If I hear, if I, if I hear you need to lift the seat once more, I'm gonna rip the fucking seats outta the whole house. I told my mother I'm taking the fucking toilet seats outta the house. It's gonna be like the Philippines. No toilet seats.


My New Year's resolution. I'm not putting my shopping cart away. Fuck you. You should be happy. I'm shopping at this fucking store. It's all you people care about is putting shopping cart away. Fuck yourself. I'll put it away. I put it right in the right in the intersection of the parking lot and wait for the woman to just drive up and say, and sit there. They wanna send women to the moon. What are they gonna do? Get up there and complain.


It's too cold, it's too hot. Where are they gonna find women to go to the moon? They're all busy playing fucking soccer. It is a brand new year. It's a, it's, it's a brand new start. A clean slate. Just be happy and, and not have any feelings.


We don't give a fuck about your feelings. Feelings go up and down feeling, you know, feelings are like a thought once you fought. You don't miss that thought. Well, maybe I didn't explain that quite right. I, I'm not used to playing a whole fucking town. But it's a new, it's a brand new year. It's, it's, I'm, I'm optimistic about it. I'm very optimistic about it. I'm even more optimistic about remembering what I was gonna say up here.


Hey, stretch your motherfucking mouth. Throw it out. Throw that motherfucker out. KILL TONY. Kill him. Kill him. You probably voted for that fucking Harris bitch. I hope Trump, trump, Trump when he gets in office, he's gonna kill everybody in the country.


You know, what Was his name? Grave digger. What was, what was how dare you. The big the big guy. Yeah. Yeah. I fucked him. Thank you Ladies and gentlemen. Brian Holtzman. Everybody how legendary set. Make some noise for him. Everybody. The great, the powerful Brian Holtzman is back.


Let's go back to back chaos. You guys like back to back chaos. Let's do it. I present to you another one of the greatest regulars in this show's history. A man who needs no introduction at all, but I'm giving it to him anyway. In the way of saying that this man will indeed be a citizen of the United States of America. This is the Estonian assassin all.


Hey, hey Bam. Check this shit out. Huh? You like this? I was in front of the mirror today and I was practicing my kicks. Don't you guys, don't you guys think it kind of looks like I'm a Nazi who's got his hands full, but he sees Hitler walking. He's like, ah, I've always been flexible.


And when you are flexible as a guy, the number one question you get is, can you suck your own deck? Now We've all tried. Every guy here, even before you could read, you were like infinite energy, a self-sustaining unit. And I gotta tell you, I'm pretty close. I can, I Can like tongue the tip.


Like I can like clean myself off, you know, get some of that cheese. Oh yeah, I've tasted my own calm. Fuck you. It's delicious. I love when women are like, come. It's disgusting. You bitches do know that what you have down there ain't no creme brulee either. At least my shit has protein and the future come is disgusting is a pretty pretentious thing to say when I have a mouth full of piss.


Huh? I was telling my friend John that I'm pretty close and my friend John literally looks me in the eyes and he goes, Ari, that's 'cause you're doing it wrong. The way you're supposed to do it is you go on your back and you throw your legs over your head And now you let gravity like a fucking oil rig. And I was like, John, I'm not gonna do that because what if my fucking roommate walks in?


At least with this, when he walks in, I get to be like, ha Lo tried it. You know? But if you walk in and I'm full Richard Simmons getting physics involved, blah, blah, blah. That's at least a conversation. Thank you very much. Thank you HB Matty. Very fun set. Very relatable. We've all absolutely been there. We've all tried many different ways to suck our own dicks. A little fun fact.


You know, this show's gone a long time. I don't really ever go backwards. I'm not one to reminisce, but Red Man did remind me of the time in which he insisted that he could suck his own dick. Yeah. And he said, did it KILL TONY? Yeah, we did it on the show. I couldn't believe it. Ladies and gentlemen, how Close were you? Well, a fun fact is he took your second approach. Oh, he took the on the shoulders. Fuck your own. It's a technique. I did it actually on stage, his hips. That was before I ate like pumpkins and stuff like that. But That's what I was wondering. But I used To be able to touch the tip of it. He wasn't even close by the way. It was like 17 inches away. I used to be able to do it, but it was just like, oh, you think you could do it right now?


How many of you think red pants should try it right now? How many of you think for all this is the biggest moment, this has been the biggest year of his life. Two minutes to Madison Square Garden, the LA Forum, the YouTube theater resorts. Oh Shit. The undeniable co-creator of the Joe Rogan experience. I will show you how much fatter I am. Right? The co-host Stu KILL TONY is about to go to the middle of the stage and suck its own dad. Oh, Anthony, get all the cameras ready for this shit.


Oh my God. Again, we're gonna need a yard stick to measure. He is cracking his back. He's doing some stretches that he is never done before. There is dust coming out of his loins right now. The man is made of. Oh my God. Wait, you gotta do better than that, right? It wasn't even kind of, this isn't even, You're literally just laying on Your back. That's all you're doing. He's got the comedians cheering for him. Red bad, red bad.


Suck your own fucking cock. Come on. Stop being a suck your cock. It was a different me man. What happened? Wendy's, that was unbelievable. That's frankly the best that could have gone for all of us. I think Also, by the way, Brian's ass crack a lot cleaner than I expected It. He is food wipes the mid ones. He's good at that. He smells better than you would think. And his ass is cleaner than you would think. Ha, Ari, how's it going? Good. I got this fucking T-shirt. Check this out.


Boom. Security unit. Oh, I stole it from Walmart. What are you gonna do? Shoot me. See this shit? What Is that Really Steal it. I mean, yeah. And the secu and the thing went off. Beep Beep, beep. And the security guy just looked at me like B Wow. What? What a pleasure to be white in this country. Huh? That is amazing. What? That's a chip clue. Was that the only thing you stole? Yeah, I mean it was actually, I was buying a PlayStation controller and it was way overpriced in the website and I make my own little math, you know? Hell yeah. If you fuck me on the price, I'll get it back.


Absolutely. I have my own little Robin Hood in my head. Absolutely. Little Estonian. Robin Hood. Does Estonia have like a, I don't know, fucking like legendary stuff that they've made? What do you Mean? Is there like a Disney of Estonia? Is there like a great Creator? No, I mean we haven't had a lot of time. We were born in 1991. Oh, give us some time, Tony. I'm working on It. You son of a bitch. Yes, son of a bitch. I mean it's 34 years at this point. You could have come up with something. What have you done? I don't have to do shit. I'm from the United States.


Ah, you've got a cool flag. Oh, only the comedians, huh? Yeah, the comedians are getting wild. They're starting to realize That. Okay, here we go. Okay. Actually maybe we are one of the more conservative podcasts. I dunno guys, You're the biggest country in the world. World. You don't have to pick on Estonia. You could. You could pick on a big cool country. How many Australia. Fuck Australia. We're a real country. If there was another big cool country aside from us, we'd fucking pick on it. Yeah. What's happening with those drones over New Jersey? Fucking China. Getting up in your face.


You're being bitches about them. Drones up in New Jersey. Real Americans would've shot them down. But you're just taking it like a cuck. What are you doing in New Jersey America? They were smart to pick New Jersey. That's a great point. If that was Texas, we never would've heard that fucking news story. Yeah, got him. That would've been the first drone. Alright, Ari, you did it again. Thank you so much, Tony. Thank you Brian. Let's Go. We're doing the Damn thing. Thank you. KILL TONY family. Bye. This show's running fucking long.


So I mean, I don't know. Back to back to back chaos. There's Only one thing we can really do at this point. 'cause believe it or not, that's as fucking powerful as a comedy show. Gets three and a half hours of insanity And now you've earned the final level. I present to you the Hall of Famer with the most appearances, the Hall of Famer with the most interviews. Whatever you do, you do not wanna leave. There's fun stuff happening. As I present to you, the round rock robin, The HEB wasp, This is the Memphis Strangler, the big red machine lights out.


William Montgomery. My New Year's resolution is to read more obituaries of my haters.


Oh Hell No. That's my impression of what the United Healthcare Vice President said when they told him he was being promoted to CEO. We don't give a fuck about that healthcare bullshit. Country singer Brad Paisley's wife had a damaged vocal cord that prevented her from speaking for two years. And I'm just trying to figure out how lucky is that fucking guy. Y'all know that bitch. We talking. I feel like I tried every drug and then someone brings the poppers the other day and I forgot about that one. Hey Redband. What are those like again?


It's like a gay drug. I'm insinuating Redband is gay. Okay, let's keep her moving. You look pretty gay on the fucking ground just a minute ago. Holy shit. You're way more flexible than I thought you would be. I just realized the animated cartoon, Scooby doer, are you as a laugh track? Apparently Scooby Doo was drawn in front of a live studio audience. Okay, that's my time. Doubt it. I couldn't have said it better myself. The Red Goat, the Ginger giant, William Montgomery.


It's almost New Year's yaha. We are living the fucking American dream out here, William. And I think I would like to know, I did come here with four guns in my fucking trunk tonight. I'm staying at the LaQuinta end right down the street. If anybody wants to come. James is coming. Okay. You always go all out for all these big shows. You were dressed up real nice last night. There was an unbelievable outfit tonight. An unbelievable outfit. Is that the New Year's baby? This I am the New Year's baby Tony. I am actually going to, last night I was talking about look at all these people that don't like the New Year's baby.


It's like, what am I supposed to fucking do up here? It's like, what am I supposed to fuck you do up here for some of these fucking people. Tony, Last night you were an Asian woman in a kimono and a hat as we see up there, you look beautiful looking at yourself right now for Kawana. My sash was falling, but yeah. Tony, it is so nice to be here. Looking forward to 2025. It's, it's on this year. What are You looking forward to in 2025? Well, Tony, I'm actually quitting comedy. I'm kind of sick of it now and I'm going to start working on a train a locomotive.


I'm literally put in the paperwork a couple of days ago. Tony, Why? What? Yeah, I'm gonna work at a locomotive. I don't know. A lot of people don't know this kind of behind the scenes stuff. Red band has been really mean to me recently. I'm gonna work on a fucking train, dude. I'm done with this. It's like that Means you're gonna quit standup comedy. Wait, Tony, I was just kidding. I never, Never going To stop. You know what I wanna do? I want you to stay up here. Yeah. I wanna bring up all the regulars and all the golden ticket winners if I can that we're on earlier. And I wanna bring up one more person.


One of the big reasons, another one of my great friends before I moved to Austin. One of the big reasons why I moved to Austin is 'cause I already had friends here. Ron White, Joe Rogan had recently moved here and one of my longest friends, long-term friends that I've had in Austin, huge comedy fan and one of the best musicians in the world. Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to bring up Austin Zone, Gary Clark, Jr. And let's get outta here with a fucking rock song. Let's all sing it together. We're still an hour 15 away from midnight, so I figure we'll do a fucking rock and roll song with the man himself have KILL TONY the Man.


Make some fucking noise for Martin Phillips, Liz Splatt, uncle Lazer, Aaron Il, Casey Rocket, David Lucas, cam Patterson, Brian Holtzman. Drew Nickens is here. Andrew Dice Clay, Sarah Sloan. Heidi is here. What a fucking crew On And On One time come and In normal tradition as we go on, we're gonna show you the next Arena that we're for sale here.


Roll that video. Anthony, we love you. Thank you Guys. Fifth, the largest arena in KILL TONY. History will Be National Tennessee baby. We'll see you Guys there. Gary Court, Jr. James William Montgomery, the join. Ryan. Jay and Chris Rogers are in.


Let's see him. Did you guys have fun? One more time for Gary Clark, Jr. John.


Unbelievable drawing from Chris Roger. The in Nashville goes on set January 3rd, I think At 9:00 AM Nashville, Austin time you guys tonight. Welcome To Austin, Texas, the greatest city in the world, in the greatest country on planet Earth.


Yo notorious productions, Bryan, tj, fucking everybody. Austin, Texas. We love you guys so much. Thank you. God bless Texas and bless the United States of America. We love you guys. Thank you.


The world is facing urgent, monumental issues, and you may be the decision maker who can ascend to that next level in your career and make a global impact in the heart of Washington dc. Gain world renowned expert knowledge and a global network as you pursue a master's degree and turn your passion into practice. Thousands of the world's leaders discovered what they're truly capable of at the George Washington University's Elliot School of International Affairs. Are you next?


It's Wayfair's President's Day clearance. Right now through February 18th, get up to 70% off everything home with free and easy delivery straight to your door. It's kind of like a present present's day. I like the sound of that. Wayfair, every style, every home.