
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Tickets are on sale for all my upcoming standup dates. Detroit, Atlantic City, Niagara Falls, Mount Pleasant, Michigan West Valley City, AKA Salt Lake City, Utah, Reno, Nevada, Anaheim, California, and Las Vegas, Nevada.


Tickets for sale. Now for my standup comedy, featuring some of your favorite characters from the show, especially me. All tickets are at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com right now.


Hey, this is Raven Company, live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony. Let's Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives. Big for Brian Redban, Ladies and gentlemen. And indeed, one more time for the best damn band in the land.


That's The KILL TONY Band, everybody brought to you by Via and Blue Chew. That is indeed Grooveline Horns, Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, and Carlos Sosa nachos Bel Grande. That is Big. Mike Michael Gonzalez on the drums. They came here all the way from the Gulf of America to be here. That fucking side of the stage. How exciting. Officially changed on Google just an hour ago. Everyone. I'm here to proudly announce that that bay is now the Gulf of America.


That's ba mulling on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on the Keys and D Madness on the bass guitar. How about one more time for the real Marcus King that was just up here, huh? One of the best musicians in the world here in the live music capital of the world, the live comedy capital of the world. And we will be right back. Here's a little bit more from the amazing sponsors that made it all possible. Have you ever spotted McDonald's hot crispy fries, right as they're being scooped into the carton? And time just stands still.


When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting, however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every Moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager Only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's show? Yeah. All right. Sometimes there's three, sometimes there's two a night like this. It's a one guest show. And the reason why is because this guy is truly one of the front runners already for 2025 Guest of the Year, he is one of the funniest human beings on planet Earth. His brand new debut, one Hour special is out right now. It's called Hey America. And you can find it on Matt and Shane's Secret podcast. YouTube. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for one of the funniest human beings in the world. James McCann. Everyone here.


He's James. Right here. JAMES MCCANN. Everybody fresh off of being the guest in an arena on New Year's Eve here at the HEB Center. Are we gonna address that during the commercial break that was the most insane and rowdy back and forward? Why would we address that? 'cause it was a, during a commercial break, James, you could have said anything Justin now, and it would've been better than, could we ignore it? Tell you it's worth coming to the show and not watching it online because that was a full That is true. Weird situation in the commercial break. It's a sold out show every week.


But yes, that's a good lesson. Found Out you loved antiquing. Wow, that's true. You think you can just bury that you love antiquing. It's true. And we're not all gonna want to talk about It. We all love antiquing. When you're a millionaire, you're going to be into antiquing too. James. It's fun to buy old baller ass shit in the middle of Texas. Let me tell you, you wouldn't know You had Aton. All the gay rumors floating around was quick to kibosh his love of antique. I'm out. I'm out. It's no longer a rumor. I'm out. And you would be such a good Antiques Roadshow host as well. I want, it's worth nothing. Get him out.


Antique Roadshow with Tony. Oh, antique Road show. That's it. He owns like Eight Thrones. Alright, James, it's Three. I wanna Keep going off. It's Three Thrones. Hey, America Up now on YouTube. Yeah, E comedy special. Yeah, so that he can buy a fucking throne, you futon and a coffee table. Having genuinely son of a bitch. I picked up Sky Watch. I futon today TV on a fucking MacBook. We have the cheapest projector from Walmart so the children don't get addicted. It's a good, it's a good policy. James is one of the greatest guests in the show's history. He is present.


He is fucking hilarious. And he knows how it works. 200 people. Literally 200, exactly. People signed up for tonight's bucket. There are 200 motherfucking pieces of paper in here. I'm gonna let the shocked Asian girl in the front row pick first. That one right there. And I take the piece of paper, I pass it along, and they go and wrangle the person. Red Band smells the paper because he loves Asian women so much. He really does. He already has one, but just like typical stuff, he's hungry for more Asians 20, 30 minutes later.


That's what it's like. And so while they wrangle that comedian, just to let you know, they get 60 seconds, you know the time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up. Then else they bring out the angry of us Hollywood Bear. And then that interrupts them. I interview them and we talk to them about their life, what could possibly happen to them. We are here with one of the greatest guests in the show's history, the great and powerful JAMES MCCANN, Ladies and gentlemen. Oh, I Hope we find a big beautiful star tonight. Can you feel it? Ladies and gentlemen, good news, star Power tonight. Good news is we have a star of the show to start tonight's show and show you motherfuckers how it's done truly undeniably. A lot of people say, including myself, that this is the greatest golden ticket winner in the history of the show.


And almost 100% 1000% kill ratio here to start tonight's show. Ladies and gentlemen, I present you a brand new minute from the one and only Martin Phillips. Everybody. Well, what's up? What's going on? I have big hands. People say they are piano hands, but I don't know how to play the piano. But my hand jobs are ridiculous.


They, they, I, you playing Forte. You know, you should, you should see the double croce. You know, it's okay. I had a card and at the card store, it was in the sympathy section right next to that. Well, it's sympathy Dash Jewish. I was like, oh, Elizabeth. So that in a special way, you can tell your friends, I'm sorry you are Jewish. It's, it's a lot, you know, so it's, I I grew up with cats and I, I like that cats use a litter box.


It's cool. It's like, hey, not only do you have to clean up my shit, but you gotta find it first. So, good luck Castle. Exactly. One minute. Like the pro that he is. This is Martin Phillips. How's it going, Martin? It's Good. Good. Fuck you. It's go, go ahead. You did it again. Thanks. Do you have cats? No, I not have stray cats hang out my patio, but I do not open up, but they hang out there. Why do you think the Stray Cats like your patio Sell?


I don't know you or I that they can't pick it out there. I bought them a bed, so now to get out the cool, they got a hook up. I'm the, I'm the plug for the cat. I, I need not water. And you how Eat Scout p to Well that's not damn hanging out there. You are luring these Cats. I know. Yeah. Oh dude, it's actually, they hang out there. So you never, I never see them. They run away. It's like, I actually own a cat in a way. If You got a special cage for them, Just in case they want relax, Man, you put a bed out there. What else have you done? You put a little fucking, you put a little can of t out There. No, I don't, I don't want them to become dependent on me, so I just need water.


You know, cats eat people after they die or you think that they see you walking in and sense a meal coming soon. They got, they gotta find, they gotta find a way in the fucking apartment. So good. Good luck Mr. Cat. Getting, getting inside. So Now your opening joke was about your strength. Is that correct? The strength of your hand? I, I, I, I, I, it's, it's how big my hand there is. Oh, what do you think? I can fit along. I can grip. Well, the crazy thing is, is that in the green room of the mothership for the past couple weeks, we don't know exactly how it got there, but there is a brand new grip strength.


You would think it was Joe, but no, I was there when Joe saw it. He's like, what the fuck is that? Oh Shit. And then, yeah, he did play with it like it was his own toy. He was very excited, as excited as anyone to ever was. Like, yes. To see a Crip strength tester machine. And I don't know, what do you think? Should we give it a little test? See what kind of fucking You can't and you can't handle this or this or it's gonna break the shit. I love it. Retard strength on display here with cerebral palsy. Ladies and gentlemen. Using his good hands Is, or science.


Oh, he is squeezing it. Oh my god. Oh, that looks, what does it say? 57.0, That's actually a lock. Is that okay? No, it's not. Yeah, I do the other one maybe. Yeah, try the other one. Gimme another drum roll big mic on the drums. Whoa, whoa. Here we go. Let's find out what happens here. It still Says 57 oh oh. I, I didn't, if without you clear. Oh, here, hit the start button. Okay. This is retard straight. Hit the start. Hit the start. But what are you doing? Calculus over there.


Hit the, hit the start button. Okay. Fucking guys fusing it like it's a goddamn calculator. Okay, We can start over. Okay. It's like a Jewish guy on tax day over here. What do we got? Wait, I don't think I, I don't know what I, This fucking guy. Holy. Unbelievable. Holy shit. Un Wait, I think I got it. I swear to God I, I swear to God. Swear. Alright, here we go. Alright. Alright. It's go and it's going. It's going and it's go. Okay. What do we got, Martin? You only have to squeeze it once.


It's 50 44. Wow. Unbelievable grip strength. James, you gonna show us what you got over here? Well, I, Okay, but what I'm gonna say will sound very racist, but it's not. That was nothing. That was 96. The important thing. No, I saw this on, I Saw this and you asshole. It's, Look at that one 11. It's from antiquing. You One Eleven's very good.


I read this on Twitter. This was a white nationalist talking point that I didn't like, but I saw it. But apparently white guys have the strongest grip strength. And black guys on average have very low grip strength. I read this and apparently like one of the theories was, this is why people don't do handshakes. It's all slapping and fist bumping to not expose, but every black guy in black, black, I'm, I'm telling you, every black guy in the green room is crushing this. That's not true at all. What do you mean you're black Martin? I'm just Saying I have to sell their grip to a black person. Yeah. And you both do Crip walk sometimes. Hey, hey, hey, hey. What is this the halftime show? Look at this fucking guy. This is crazy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Cool. Okay, Martin, how is life been going for you? What else is going on? Oh, I, it's going, I've been traveling around a lot doing shows and whatnot and pretty busy. Always, always going somewhere. So yeah. Yep. As you could tell by the sound of his voice, he's also now in charge of the health of the United States of America. It's, it's working out. Yeah. Guys who sound like this are doing well. That's true. That is true. That is The Voice of a winner. Martin, you got tonight's show started. You are a fucking legend. Everybody loves you.


He's absolutely killing it. The one and only Martin Phillips. And now it begins to the bucket we go, we're gonna meet someone all together at once. And that's the show. You know, we find, we found Martin out of the bucket. We found William out of the bucket. Oh my goodness. It's a lovely Heidi, Ladies and gentlemen. Unbelievable. Such, such beauty that James just missed his mouth with his beer pan. It had nothing To do with Heidi Coming out. Yes it did. You just poured a beer on your own chest. You chew a honey. Shut up. It didn't Happen. What a pervert you are. My God. I treat all women with dignity and respect. Let's move on, please.


Jesus Christ Almighty. What's Name With your spilling beer? Because this grip is so weak, Ladies and gentlemen, your first bucket, pool of the night. A brand new minute. We're gonna meet 'em all together. Make some noise for Kojack. Kareem's, everybody. Kojack Kareem's. Here comes Kojack. Yeah, go Birds. We got baby. We got him with the tush push. It's my favorite move. What's up? Hey, what's good? I'm black and I'm gay.


I know what you're thinking, man. Pick a struggle already, bro. Black or gay. Come on. You're hogging a body of pressure for everybody. But imagine being me, right? Half the country's racist, half the country's homophobic and here I am right in the middle, taking it from both sides. I'm taking it good too. I'm like the gaze strip. My asshole's being bombarded so much. You think it was a hospital and all? Because I like Yemen. Yemen, Yemen, Yemen. You think that was controversial?


My Haitian friend is calling for an all out geese fire. Geese fire. Okay, go. Alright, thank you. That's my time. Wow. Kojack Kareem's. Everyone. Welcome Black, gay and bad at comedy. I have written down here. Ah ha ha. It's incredible. You got everything against you. Aw Kojack. You were very excited to promote the Birds, the Philadelphia Eagles. Are you from Philly? Go Birds. That's right. Go. Birds Philly. Go. We hear you. Are you from Philadelphia? I am. Wow. So you have a lot in common with, oh, there we go. Celtics. I thought that was green. And So Steelers Nation baby. Ha. There are no gay people in Pittsburgh or black people actually come to think of.


It's not a big no, but that was big for you. The Super Bowl. Oh yeah. Great. Okay, Tony, do the questions. I think, All right, there you go. Yeah. So what's it like being from Philly and basically being Meek Mill without the rap skills, it just means you're black and gay. Again, I'm just reminding everybody that you're black and gay. You brought it up. Here we go. Do get any good antiquing lately? No. I might fly back to Philly for the parade though. You're gonna go back for the parade? Yeah. Maybe post up in a Target. Do you go, I'd imagine you fly around. Wait. Oh, you go ahead.


Go ahead. Must have something up your sleeve. One big punchline coming up. What is it? Go ahead. Do you fly a lot to different parades? See, it's fun when the comedy stuff anyway. What do you do for work? Ko Jack? I'm a waiter. Oh yeah? What are you, where are you waiting at? A fancy steakhouse here in the city. Okay, Very good. Absolutely. How long you been doing that? Three years. Okay. Must be a big steak tomahawk. What do you mean? You've been cooking that steak up for three years. It must be huge. Well that wasn't worse than Geese Fire. It wasn't worse than Geese Fire.


You are correct. You are correct. KO Jack. You live here in Austin? I do. Right. And what else are you into Kojack? What do you do for fun? I play Street Fighter six with my boyfriend all day. Okay, So You have a street Fighter, you have a boyfriend Am Right? Three years. You Know what's interesting is He's Puerto Rican. We Have a lot of gay guys that get pulled out of this bucket, but very rarely do we have gay guys that are in a relationship. Most of you guys just stay single and butt fuck everything that moves. It's so interesting. How long have you been with your boyfriend? Five years. Five Years. What do you think the secret is to your wild success of having a long-term gay relationship? We play video games together.


Oh Wow. Yeah. You guys put the game in games. Wow. You guys just play video games and fuck. That's right. Sounds awesome actually. Yeah, it's amazing. It's amazing. It's red band. Redband is figuring out his new lifestyle. Get a Discount at the steak place also. I mean, This is the life. Come check me out. I'll take care of you. Hell yeah. He just, he exclusively eats At the restaurant. At the restaurant. Come to the restaurant. I'll take care of you. Okay. Alright, James. It's Business and pleasure at that restaurant by the sounds of things. Goodness me. You suck one dick on accident and they call you gay. Tell me about it.


You did seem overeager to hear about how a gay relationship could work. Well, it is exciting. Like I said, there's never a gay relationship, so Lesbians manage to do it every single time. Exactly. Meant lesbians are straight into a relationship. Gay guys. Very, very rarely. Where would did you meet 'em at? Back home in Philly? We're both from Philly. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But where in Philly? Like what were you guys doing? Let's see here. Turn off A website or Something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Instagram. You saw me on Instagram. It hit me up. Okay. And then what happened? You're like, Hey, come to my place. I said, Hey, come on over. I paid $50 to Uber him. Wow. You remember that?


I remember. You remember that part? Yeah. I only had, I only had a hundred dollars to my name. Wow. You're willing to spend half of your total correct net worth in order to have your correct ass filled with a dick. Correct. That is just unbelievable. I gotta tell you, as much as we joke about me being gay, I simply cannot relate to that type of mentality. Half of your entire money. Just a fucking, it seems painful. Get the Hallmark channel on the phone. 'cause I think that is a love story that they're ready for. Yeah. Immortalized Incredible. Half of your money. How did he get home? I spent the other half to get him home.


Oh my God. Oh my God. Five years we've been together. That's love, baby. Oh My. That's love. That's real love. Okay. Okay. And he doesn't drive. I drive him to work back and forth every day. Oh, So you're the bottom. He's younger. He is Puerto Rican. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Since you made the joke, he takes out the trash every night. I bet He does. Every night. So you have a younger partner who doesn't drive, who you financially take care of. I'm just, if you make some very small changes, the Muslim world is gonna embrace you.


What is, What is your ethnicity? Kojack. Kareem's Ancestry says that I am 70% black and 30% Scottish. Whoa. Wow. Look at that. Those are the numbers. What do you think our senior Scottish correspondent JAMES MCCANN is here? No, It's just, it's just to get those numbers, you'd have to have that happening repeatedly. It just seems like a weird combination that happen through the generation. Am I wrong? No, no, you're right. 50 50, you'd go, I understand that. 75, 25 even then it kind of checks out. 70 30 is, you gotta have, it's gotta have happened like four times in different ways.


Back and forth. Black and Scottish. He's mostly black. He's like Travis, Scottish. All right. Well, Kojack, anything else crazy we should know about you before letting you go? Let's see here. I got, I got kicked outta Bible college. Why? How Does that happen? Every week? No, I can guess. I'm guessing. Yeah. No, we know why you got kicked out outta Bible college. But I was joking. But what, how exactly did they catch you? You drag your teeth All, there's red band. Everybody.


All Right, all right, all right. How did they catch you? I was the only black kid in all of a nine. Guilty. Yeah. Unbelievable. Get 'em outta here. There he goes. Everybody. Ko, Jack Green. Everyone. Yeah. Here you go, buddy. Let's see if you catch like a, there it is. He's a black guy. Good evening.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, therapy can be costly, but Talkspace is affordable and in network with most insurance providers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider makes getting help you need easy, accessible, and affordable red man. That's right, Tony. I love Talkspace. I think they're providing some of the best mental health treatment out There. There's no doubt about it. Talkspace therapy and psychiatry are covered by many insurance plans and many employers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider who will fit your needs. Well, typically within 48 hours, you can always switch providers at no extra cost. Talkspace makes getting help convenient because you can make your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it out between sessions by sending text, video, or audio messages to your therapist. As a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/tony and enter promo code space eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/tony and enter promo code space eight zero to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show. That's talkspace.com/tony promo code space eight zero.


Hi. This podcast is sponsored by Shopify. When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like all birds or skins, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is actually the business behind the business making, selling simple for millions of businesses. That business is Shopify red band, Tony. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. Yeah, that's true. That's right. Red band and the not so secret. Secret shop pay, which boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning way less carts are going abandoned and more sales are going. So if you are into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between. Because businesses that sell more, sell on Shopify, upgrade your business and get the same checkout that skims uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY.


All right. Your next bucket pool goes by the name of Jenna Sparrow. Everybody or Jenna Sparrow perhaps. Here's Jenna. Everyone. Thanks. So for Jenna, everybody. Hi. Everyone did. Did everyone watch the Super Bowl? Yeah. It's like the Christmas of Sports, right? I think it is. I actually, we don't celebrate football at my house. Here's a joke that I wrote about my experience dating an NFL player. How can you tell the difference in between a girl that just fucks an NFL player versus a girl that actually dates an NFL player?


It's where her bruises are located. Like fun places are like, you know, that's how you know he loves you, right? Every time I hear a guy say that dating is hard, I'm like, trust me, it could be harder. Try wearing a turtleneck in July. That's very difficult. Okay. No, I have this thing about me, like, if I love you, I'll put up with anything. It's called a Nicole Brown Simpson Attachment Style. Attachment style. That's the clinical term, I think. Thank you. Thank you guys. Jenna Sparrow. Hi, Jenna.


Tony. Hey. How's it going? How are you? Good, How are you? I'm fantastic. Hi guys. Hello. Hi. Welcome. Welcome. James, You do an art podcast? Yeah, I do. I do an art pod, an art history comedy podcast. Yeah. Called The Bad Art Show. Yeah. How do you know that James? She said she would have me on and then she never got in contact ever again. Wow. I'm working on it. Oh my goodness. You're excited to do this podcast. I Think I have interesting things to say about the post-war period. Yeah. Yeah. Tell us what's interesting. Tell us where The civilization falls apart.


Yeah. Man's inhumanity to man. No. Anyway, it's probably not good on a comedy podcast to talk about that, but No. You know what I'm talking about. You go to a museum, you go to the art museum, and like you walk in and it's all great. It's all like Greek stuff. Wow. Medieval paintings of little naked children. That's really good. And then whoa, whoa. One happens and it's just fucking nothing. I think we know exactly what topic we're gonna cover with you. Yeah. You like anything post-war? I've got a whole plan. No, I hate it. I'm saying it's bad. No, we're gonna have you on to talk about how Much you hate it. I cannot wait to listen to this podcast. I'm gonna get one of the deepest sleeps that I've had in such a long time.


I'm so excited to hear you guys talk about Art on Walls. Dirt. Did you know that The Bean was built in Chicago in 1974? They're pretty dirt. Alright. If that art is a couch though, Tony, we'll talk about it for Years At a time. Yes. Nothing better than listening to people talk about art. It's a comedy. Oh, okay. Well, it's a shame your set wasn't, oh. If it's as funny as your 60 seconds, oh boy. REM sleep is amongst us. Jenna, how long you been doing standup? Almost four years. Yeah. Almost four years. Where at La? I started in la.


Yeah. Okay. Okay. What do you do for a living Art podcast? Art comedy podcast. That's What I do. Wow. You make a living doing that. I am. I make decent money doing it. Yeah. Wow. God. That is a, anybody can do anything nowadays. That's absolutely incredible. I love it. What do you do for fun, Jenna? Well, I'm sober now, so not, not that much. What'd you Do? I come here and put myself in front of you for fun. This is fun. What did you do to, what did you do to, to where you needed to get sobriety? How did you know that you had hit bottom? Ooh. Slow burn. I think being an alcoholic at 15 was probably the first line.


Holy shit. How long, what made you start at 15? I'm from Florida. I feel maybe I should have done that material. You guys would've connected more with it. Do You remember what your first drink was? Ooh, Mine was a Lynchburg Lemonade made by Jack Daniels. It was pre bottled alcohol. And my older brothers let me have one when we were Frisbee golfing in Columbus, Ohio. I think I was 13 or 14, maybe 12. And yeah, I, I liked the way that it made me feel. Yeah, We should, we shouldn't all just celebrate our first drink. But I remember my first drink, it was great.


It was a vodka cruiser. Do you have those here? No. What Is that? It's like vodka and pink lemonade. It's for girly drinks. Ooh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know. I Girly drinks are how the party starts. Red band. What was yours? A bowl of mashed potatoes. It was old Milwaukee. Old Milwaukee. Wow. In Chile. Oh my God. I think I was vodka with like orange juice chaser, I think was what it was. Okay. Er champions. That's what I said. What we that on sobriety. Thanks. You're welcome. I would never do it. Yeah. But I think it's good. Yeah. You know. How about towards the end? You get into anything crazy?


Do you do drugs or anything? Oh yeah. Well, again, I'm from Florida. Yeah. There's a lot of cocaine in Florida. Lots of it. I got a couple of DUIs over the years. There was, there was some stuff that was not ideal. He Loves It. D Madness loves a good DUI. They pull him over every time he tries to drive. 100%. Sir, you're swerving all over. Do you have any old photos That You're trying to get taken down from the internet or anything like that? No. I scrubbed it. I scrubbed it. What Brian? Unbelievable. Brian, why are you asking that question? Disgusting. It's just a bad person.


Jenna, tell us more about your life. What else would we find interesting about you? Well, you hate art, so I'm not sure you're gonna find anything about that. Interesting. Okay. What else? Other than the art podcast, What do I do? Other than the art podcast? I work out a lot. I like pit bulls. I'm a dog person. Yeah. What do you like about pit bulls? They're like a, you know, I like pit bulls 'cause they're like, I like men. Just like a violent liability. Yeah. Does that, does that make sense? I like a dog that's like dangerous. It's great. Yeah. Well, you pick the right one. JAMES MCCANN. What is the overlap in the fine art world between that and I think of that as a golden retriever provision.


I think of pit bulls as more of like Cadillacs bouncing up and down and Yeah. No. Is that not right? Yeah, sure. But they're a good dog, you know? No, No. I think they kill children every year. Are they legal in Australia? No. They killed so many children. I think they're big parts of the world. You can't get that dog, I think. But you like that It's dangerous. You have a weird sex thing for the dog. No, no. I have a girl. I have a girl dog. To be clear, I have a girl dog. You can meet her. She's very nice. It's a Pit bull. Yeah. Okay. And can it be around other dogs? Not really. No. Right. Yeah. Great. What a great animal to have something you can take outside and scare everybody to death with.


I do have a cat and it's very good with the cat, so there's that. Okay. Yeah. Has your cat been crawling up on Martin Phillips's porch at all? Do we know about this? Do you have a tracker on it? Your cat might be sleeping at a tremendously weak gripped man's porch. Anyway. Yeah, I, yeah, I don't know. I love it. Well, Jenna, congratulations. You made your KILL TONY debut. You Leah, she does you. I'm gonna throw you a little joke book. Oh, tit it. It was so close. I don't know where it went. So close, right in the, I think you were aiming for my tits. I mean, I mean, it's a small target, but Yes. There she goes. Jenna Sparrow. Everybody making her KILL TONY Tapio.


Alright, back to the bucket. We go. You guys having fun out there? Anything can happen. Ladies and gentlemen, your next comedian goes by the name of Mike Poe. Mike Poe. Here he is. Mike Poe. Everybody makes noise for Mike, everyone. So in addition to struggling to be a standup comic, I'm also a hack party dj. But that's a lot easier than doing this because being a dj, all I'm really concerned about is touching buttons and looking concerned, holding my ear and pointing Somebody in the audience you would hope we're connecting with you.


That's a lot more difficult to do as a standup comic, obviously. So in addition to being a dj, I also volunteer for the unsheltered. And that's where I get most of the funny stories that I talk about. Like the guy who stole my entire bag from me, who I had to track down on the street and explained to me that unfortunately he's on drugs, but Jesus loves him, but 90% of him is on drugs and only 10% of him is actually taken care of by Jesus. I really, really thought that I was gonna, I was gonna come out here and have a little bit better of a, a, a story to tell you about these guys.


Sorry, I apologize for that. I really should have been on point here. Okay. Wow. Holy shit. Oh my God. You made Jenna Perro look like a fucking Richard Pryor up here. Good Lord Almighty. Just talked about nothing. But you looked hip. You're like an old guy that seems hip. Thanks Man. No comedy. You're basically Mark Marin. It's incredible. And you just kind of dress like you're younger. You look kind of cool. And then the words coming outta your mouth, they're just boring and nothing And complainy, and I do this, I I do this for a hobby, blah, blah.


But did you make that extremely scary noise happen halfway through the set? Because if you did do that, That would be very impressive. Oh, I wish brother. Okay. I didn't do anything impressive. There was something that happened. Hey, You look after the unhoused, which is not a word I would usually use, but Wait, what are you talking about? He said He looked after the unhoused. What do you mean by that? He Means bums. He means street bump. Where, Where I, where I come from. I volunteered to, to help you unsheltered. Where do you come from? Little Rock, Arkansas. Little Rock, Arkansas. Okay. And you still live there A Absolutely. Well, I'm working on moving here part-time. Why Do you wanna move here? Because I'd like to be better at this. Okay.


We don't know if we can help you. So, tough situation. Not everyone, not everyone has the open. We lock the gate sometimes here for Sure. No, it's, how long have you been attempting standup comedy? I've done a couple dozen open mics in the past couple of years, and I did a couple dozen about a decade ago. Wow. You look like you'd be funny. You have the glasses, you have a red beard. You're like JAMES MCCANN. See what I did there? So Never. That Was all right. James McCann, I believe in you, but step off the look. Step off the what? Don't you bite my style. Fran, How old are you? 52. 50. Wow. Two boy. You are a great 52.


Thanks man. No He's not. I thought you were a really not a great bad 40. You're being tricked by a jacket right now. James. The jacket is throwing you off. I do love the jacket. Mike, What do you do for a living? I'm a DJ for real. A real DJ in Little Rock event. Dj. Yeah. Vent DJ in Little Rock. And you do that for a living? Yeah, for 14 years now. Nothing but Wow. And Mc I think sponsors more than tell jokes. I'm just like a host. Okay. What types of things are you hosting exactly? Lots of festivals. Like in Arkansas we have like a cornbread festival where we have like a, a beer festival. Can you give us us an example of how you would host a cornbread festival?


Like some things that you've said. Okay. Look out there and pretend like you're hosting the Cornbread Festival. Go right ahead. Okay. Hey everybody all, welcome to the 14th Annual Cornbread Festival. I'd like to thank everybody for coming out here tonight. So there's a lot of people in the crowd I can tell Our super excited about cornbread, and I'm one of them because I absolutely adore cornbread, whether it's with beans or if it's with peas or if it's just by itself. I, I absolutely adore cornbread. I do not like corn. However, I'm not fond of corn whatsoever. But bread bread's where you got me. So cornbread is absolutely one of the most phenomenal things that you could be eating with your mouth right now.


I think we found your calling. Mike. You, you are built for cornbread festivals. Thanks. They didn't, they didn't gimme the gig this year though. Really? Yeah. Wow. You know what? First time in 35 years, somebody didn't honor their confirmation. You stick with it. You keep working on that event, hosting and DJing. And I believe that one day soon you could be at a, you know, second tier basketball games shooting out a t-shirt from a cannon. I believe in you. Thanks, man. I would love that. Not for the comedy, but for the announcements at events. You smooth. You could host FM breakfast radio. They did that. Yeah, You did do that.


I I could, I did that. Yeah. I'm trying to be uplifting here. You gotta help me out. You are. Absolutely. Dude. Nothing bothers me more than old people trying to be hip. You're 52. What else, like, are you into, into, you have a, are you, you have like a vinyl record player, right? Of course. I, I, Yeah. I've been playing records since 1989. Yep. Exactly. What else is hip about you? You have like a fucking unicycle or something like that. What's, what's your weird form of transportation? I can tell you have one, like an electric scooter or something. So I, I have a news van that I'm sailing when I get home because I need to pay for my police van to get repaired. Pedophile, ped hadile.


I'm trading a van for a van and another van. They're coming catching onto my van. I figure if I get a police van, no one will know. Wow. That is master lever level pedophilia. Holy shit. You called it ride. I did a weird vehicle. Yeah. Are you in love right now? Do you have a, you in a Relationship Or anything? No, sir. You've been single for a while. Yeah. Nine years. You ever been married? No. Have you, what's the longest relationship you've ever been in? Four Years. Four years? Yeah. Longest ever. 52. Why do you think that is? Man? Just a lot of curve balls in life. It, it happens. What kind of curve balls. Can you, can you explain some of the curve balls that you've had in your life?


All right. I'm just curious. You're in the interview. I'm, I'm a federal witness. Okay. What does that mean? Yeah. Are you on witness protection? Hmm. I'm not protected. Okay. At all. Why? Are you on Show? Or I'm not even hiding either. I wouldn't tell you my name. Okay. That's all good. Can you just tell us the ballpark of what you're a federal witness about? This seems like a very compelling part of this interview, and I appreciate your open honesty. Sure. People are gonna find, find this incredible am a I'm a sur survivor or a, a federal witness to homicide. My adult adopted autistic brother was murdered a decade ago.


Adult autistic Adult adopted, like we adopted him as an adult. 'cause he didn't have a family adopted and he was on, on the street. Adult Autistic. Yep. And he was on, He would, he would love this. He would Absolutely love, he would love it. Most of our fan base is adopted. Autistic people Adopted it. Wow. How old was he when you guys adopted him? So he was probably 30 years old or So. 30 years old. And your parents were like, come on in. Yep. Well, my, my, my, my mom and my sisters.


Yeah. He called them his mom and his sisters. Where Did they find this guy at? He worked with me at the bar. I managed and one night he didn't show up and I found out he was in jail and I bailed him out and found him a place to live and got him on dis disability. Where, what was he in jail for at the time? He, in, in Arkansas, we don't have any renters rights. He was evicted and he, he didn't check his mail. So he got arrested for being evicted. Right. Like forcibly removed. So then he got murdered? Yeah, he was, he was murdered in 2014. December 7th, 2014. Okay. Tell Us about that. What happened there? There was a, the only suspect we'll say is a crack pusher.


And this suspect's name's Andre Demetrius, Molly Jr. You didn't Have to, you didn't have to say that part. You didn't have to call them out by up name Up what's happening in this show. Right? He Can't buy me. We're gonna but this killer. Yeah. In my opinion, he was, he was pushing crack on him at gunpoint and he wouldn't stop. He wouldn't leave him alone. And he just kept breaking in the door, stealing his phone and his keys, and extorting us until finally got a warrant. He got arrested and then he bailed out and murdered him. So there would be no case. Wow. Absolutely incredible. And did he not get in trouble for that?


Well, not for a while, but then I became a federal witness after he shot two more people because they wouldn't go to court. So I called every agency possible and I landed on the a TF and this lady said if I signed an affidavit and I promise to go to court, that because I was involved in a previous crime of his in a federal court, I can get some justice by compelling the judge to hear my story about this person before he sentences him. This is a great anecdote, but you might be on the wrong podcast. I, yeah, I Mean there are, I don't think so. There are Quite a lot of true crime podcasts out there where this would be a plus level. Ah, this is perfect. I love it on this podcast.


I don't know how you get a laugh out of the crack pusher who Murdered. I was just really hoping that the minute that I did before this was better. It wasn't. It was not. No, this is, this is amazing. I had no idea I was getting caught The minute. That's crazy. It's okay. That's what happens. But this is how it happens. This is part of the magic of the show, is the interview sometimes is better than the minute. If it was just about people's minutes that I wouldn't even do this part of the show. This is the fun part, is watching people go through the quick dilemma. Am I gonna answer this? How far am I gonna go for a second? You're a federal witness. We don't know anything. The extra going Andre Demetrius Johnson the third located at 4 52 fucking Jenkins Street Bacon sort.


You really exploded there. Here he is. And here he is, Ladies and gentlemen. Them guy that this is the man that murdered his brother. Everybody. This is Demetrius Andres Gallagher ii everybody AKA D Madness. He's out on bail. There you go. So this guy's in prison now for life? No, we just, we just got him nine years for that. So he was just recently released and I, I went to San Francisco and then I came here. Okay, hold on, hold on. You're telling when did he get out of prison? Last month? No, December 21st.


Okay. And this guy knows for a fact that you're the one that put him in prison, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. He, he was in shackles when his wrists and ankles screaming my name as the bailiffs. Pulled him outta the courtroom. Oh my God. He and he just got out in December. Yeah, absolutely. Do you know where he is? Do you know where he resides? He lived in Little Rock before. Right? Is is his parole probation officer called me and said, I can't really have that information, but I I kind of know a little bit. You might have a little, the internet bit of an idea. Yeah. And is it around where you kind of live? I mean, it, it's, it's probably better for me to, to, to not look for him too much. Well, I'm not saying you should look for him.


I'm wondering if he is looking for you. Yes. I mean, if I'm being real honest. Yeah. I think the guy's probably been in prison for nine years. He's a six time felon. Yeah. He, he's gonna create chaos wherever he goes. I don't think he's looking for me specifically, Like on the streets looking for me. This is very optimistic. But you see that I'm not in my city Right. As well. Like, I don't wanna run into him at a Kroger or at a stoplight or, you know, the na meeting or where, you know, wherever, you know, you go To NA meetings. No, I was just making some shit up, but Okay. But I don't wanna run into him anywhere. Right.


Honestly. Right. You know, like, that's, that's not somebody I wanna see. So I just decided to move. You decided to move from Little Rock? Yeah. Right. And, okay. Wow. That's all so interesting. But you just called him out on a podcast that is aired out everywhere. Sure did. I called him out in court too. Yeah, there You go. Well, we've gotta get him on the show for a right of reply. And here he's Mike. Here's a little joke book. Just don't tell my mom. Okay. She might find out left handed. It's all good. You're good, Mike. This is a Very popular show. Mike, do you know this is a very popular show. There's no way he is watching.


Well, but he might get told he might get I would love that. You would love that. Absolutely. Well, we all have to make our decisions and stand by them. We do. And it was a pleasure having met you. Thanks man. There he goes, Mike co Everybody onto the next one. We go. There goes Mike. It's unbelievable the people's stories that we get out of this show, out of this bucket. That's a There he goes, everybody. There he goes. Anything can happen. That guy could be right in the alleyway right now. I mean, geez Louise.


It is. Mike Poe just got shot, everybody. He's dead now.


This episode is brought to you by MeUndies underwear. Drawers are like the wild west. You never know what you're gonna pull out or what shape it's in. So upgrade your collection with the buttery soft comfort of me. MeUndies MeUndies signature fabric is as soft as a warm hug from your favorite sweater. Plus it's breathable and oh so comfy, making it ideal for all day wear. Get 20% off your first order plus free shipping at MeUndies dot com slash Spotify with code Spotify. That's MeUndies dot com slash Spotify code. Spotify.


Big news Wayfair's President's Day clearance is on now. And these are big deals like Wayfair's Best Deals since Black Friday. Right now through February 18th, you can score up to 70% off everything home at Wayfair. And we mean everything. Save big on quality furniture for every room in the house, like living room, kitchen, and dining and bedroom. Trust us. This is the sale to score amazing end of season savings at Wayfair on the fines your home actually needs. And the cherry on top. With Wayfair's fast and easy shipping, everything home comes to your home. Whether it's a sofa or a spatula, we'll ship it fast, straight to your door with free delivery on orders over $35 now. That's why we at Wayfair call bringing it on home. So don't wait. Shop Wayfair's Presidents Day clearance right now through February 18th to save up to 70% off Wayfair's best deals since Black Friday. Save now@wayfair.com. Wayfair Every style, every home.


Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, your next comedian is a golden ticket winner on the show. She's only been on it a couple times here with a brand new minute. Make some noise for Aya. Everybody. Aya is here. My mom's Muslim, but she like, she still likes to have a good time with me. So sometimes we'll go out for mocktails and she'll always order for us. She'll be like, Hey, waiter, two Virgin Mojitos, please. And I always have to secretly find him and be like, Hey dude, leave the cu in my drink.


Please. Please. And and she hates that she, you know, she thinks I'm a slut. She thinks I'm a slut. 'cause I don't, I don't carry pepper spray. I, she thinks I'm making it too easy or something. But I, I have a cousin, she's intersex. She, she was born with a penis inside her vagina. Now that's a fucking slut.


Oh, Absolutely. Unbelievable. I, aa has done it. Again, one of the funniest, funniest jokes of the night so far. Making fun of your own dear sister. No cousin. Oh cousin. Yeah. But she is like a sister to me. Right. There You go. Or a brother depending on Yeah, She is. She can do it all. Yeah. So that really happened. Oh no, I, I made that up. Perfect. Great premise. I love it. Yeah, but I, one, my cousin, she told me she was born with her vagina like locked. Ah. So Wow.


There any safe crackers out there? So they had to like, cut it open and stuff. Yeah. And there was a whole vaginal hole on the other end. Yes. There it was. There was, it Was just kind of sealed off. Yeah, it was sealed like a, like yogurt or something. That's Gotta be a, that's like a Muslim parent's dream though, right? Yeah. It's, it's, it's Funny. You don't have to go and get the village woman to come and do it for you. You just, Yeah. It is nice. Let your husband open it up for you. Hell yeah. It's cute. Romantic. Absolutely. Get the party started. I, it was so funny. I forgot that we heard a story about a federal witness, which I really thought was Okay with me. Oh yeah. That's, that's actually pretty sad.


That's scary. I don't wanna talk about it anymore. Yep, yep. It was, there wasn't a vagina locked up there and it was a human being. Yeah. Ima like, imagine they put him in there. They put him in her. No, I'm sorry. But yeah. Good to See you. Yeah, absolutely. I naturally funny, ridiculously likable. How's life going Aya? Tell us about it. It's good. I just had a birthday party this past weekend. Ah, that's nice. It was so lit. My, my mom, I was like making pizzas for my family and my mom made okra pizza. It was so cute. Okra pizza.


Yeah. Like it wasn't even on the menu. Yeah. But she just made okra and she was like, I wanted on my pizza, put it on my pizza and I put it on her pizza and it was good. Wow. That is just an absolute Muslim party if I've ever heard it before. Yeah. Of okra pizza. And then how else do, how else do you celebrate a birthday? You get you Muslims, do you have have like a, instead of candles, do you have like little world trade centers you put on the cake and you light on fire? Something like that? Yeah. No, that's for my second birthday. Hell yeah. I'm older now. I'm not, I'm not even, I don't even think I'm supposed to celebrate birthdays.


My parents are bad. Like they're, they're sneaky. They let me do a lot of things. They, they be like that. They be like that. They're cool. They're chill. They're not, they're not at all. Very, very strict. Tough, demanding. No, Not like that. They're just like, they're just foreign. That's it. Like, like, I don't know. Like they just text me spam message. It's like it's, I don't know. Like my mom texts me prayers all the time. Like, I'm God. Like, I don't know what to say to this. Yeah. But it's, I love them and they love me a lot. Are They very religious?


Yeah, but they're, but I think it's good for them. What do you mean by that exactly? It's like, it's, it gives them peace of mind. Yeah. And that's, everyone wants that. So, And it stops them from doing terrorist attacks or something. They don't have that urge, surprise? No, no, no, no. They're, I have like my bloodline. Yes. Our blood is really nice and sweet. Okay. Other people come from different bloodlines. Like who? We can name a race that comes from a different bloodline.


Okay. No, no. It's not even a race. Right. It's, it's, I think it's just they have Filthy blood and you have the pure blood of the No, I, I just have sweet blood. Sweet blood, Sweet blood. Like mosquitoes, like it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Red band. You're a vampire. What do you think about all this? No, she's saying she has a good family. Like, like she Likes To get choked and stuff. Oh, there you go. There's Some of that. Well, Maybe, yeah. I'm trying to be nice to them. Wait, do you come from a fancy bloodline? No, no, no. I come from like regular people. Like, I'm not like royal or anything.


Are you Persian? No, no. I'm rocking. I'm African. Oh, well it's filthy evil blood. No It's not. I dunno. I dunno. I'm just, I'm just kidding. I'm just having fun. I, I can tell by people's eyes their bloodline like, like Tony, you have very blue eyes and that's like, that's not royal. That's like peasant. Yeah. That's peasant eyes. Yeah. And, but I, I have black eyes, so I don't know. They're kind of scary. This is like word for word a conversation I had with an Indian cab driver once. That's Really What's in my blood.


Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I'd have to check it. But Look, look at James's eyes. Tell him, Tell him what he's James's eyes are pr like regular, like you're just like one of the people. So wait, I'm just a fucking peasant over here. No, just your bloodline your eyes. This doesn't make any sense. This is why nobody likes Muslim people. That is not true. My like, I don't know. Wait, does, does Donald Trump like Muslim people? Of course he does. Okay. No, because my, my like Muslim people like Donald Trump.


Yeah. They like, because he, he is like the first president who doesn't have like a dog in the White House. Yeah. They, they, Muslims don't like dogs in the house. That's True. He doesn't play games like that. Yeah. Angels are back in the white House. That's Right. What do you mean? Wait, what do you mean by angels? So like, if you're like Muslims believe if you have a dog in the house, then the angels get scared and leave. Wow. That Is unbelievable. I, I just learned so much about That's crazy. What a fake religion. I mean, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Who could look into the eyes of a sweet, beautiful dog and say angels hate you?


They're just scared. Catholics Would, Catholics would never do that. We've done other stuff, but we would never make that, we would never make that particular mistake. I'm sorry. We need to go back and take over the holy land again so that dogs can run wild and free through the streets. No, We want them on the streets. They're they're good on the streets. Yeah. That's where we want them. Street dogs. Street Dogs. Yeah. Like the street hot dogs. But they're alive and they're walking. Yep. And not for sale. That makes sense. Alright. Ia. An unbelievable new minute. We fucking loved it. Thank much ia, one of the young rising legends of the show.


And now back to the bucket we go Ladies and gentlemen, because your next bucket pool goes by the name of Gary Gia. Everyone or Gary Gia, perhaps It's Gary. Everyone Just found out I have fucking peasant eyes. Yeah. So I just moved here from Alaska. Yeah. What the fuck is right dude, I, I never understood why people would have sex with animals. And then I moved 99 miles away from the closest hinge profile can be checking out this salmon, like, oh, so you're a Pisces, huh?


Wait, you got how Many kids? You got some. I kind of smelled like my ex-girlfriend. Yeah. But I love my ex. I love my ex because we had chemistry, you know, we knew what we liked. We love rough sex, so I agreed when we're in the bedroom that our safe word is the N word. No. 'cause I won't even say that shit behind closed doors, man. You know, like, fucking anything goes baby. You know, like, that's, it's a terrible word. I obviously shouldn't even joke about it. Every time she said it, I just slapped her again. Just, you know, I'm, I'm about to be 40, which is cool. This old lady, she's told me she, that I had a very nice skin complexion.


And I was like, you wanna know my secret omega threesomes? Wow. Holy shit. We have some real fucking, some unbelievable bucket pulls here tonight. Gary, how's it going, Gary? Dude, if I had a tail, it would be wagging. I'm so happy to be here. You're happy still after that performance? Oh, God dammit. Yeah. How long you been doing standup for Gary? Well, funny you should ask Tony. I started maybe about like seven or eight years ago, and then I bombed really bad, so I took a break. So I've been doing it for about two years altogether. So you did it seven or eight years ago.


And how long did you do it before that big bombing? About a year. About a year? About a year? Yeah. And then you bombed so hard that you took a few years off. What happened during that bombing? How bad could it have been compared to what the fuck we just saw God damnit, That your tail would be wagging about My tail would, no, I, I mean, like, I really picked up some steam. I was doing very good stand of comedy, and then I was just like, at a fucking huge show with a bunch of fucking old people. And now I was talking about having sex with like kids and stuff, which is still not funny. No, it, but it was tasteful. It can be, it can be funny.


It can be funny. But it wasn't done that well. Right. Okay. Gary, are you gay? No, I get that a Lot. No shit. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking a. Yeah, dude. Like seriously, I started working this job and yesterday I came in with a girl and like, my coworkers were like, oh my God, I think I thought he was gay. Yeah. Yeah, I can see that. No, Fucking no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm hella straight. God. Am I this fucking gay? It's the blue eyes. No D Madness. Christ. Stay on my side. I'm straight. You can like me. It's okay. No D decided long go. I saw, I saw DGAs. Yeah. You're Not looking at anything right now. It's okay. Making fun of a blind man.


Yeah. Good God. Yeah. Gary, relax. Gary D Madness is pissed right now. He is homophobic as hell. So, Gary, let's talk about it. What do you do for a living? I am a restaurateur, so I work at restaurants, but I do like high end shit. I'm not like some fucking selling mozzarella sticks and chicken wings and shit, you know? So, whoa, Whoa. What? Whoa, whoa. Why you look over here when you say that shit? Because I'm trying to figure the, All right, Gary, so you're a restaurateur? Yes. So do you own a restaurant?


No. No. I am a server at a restaurant off of South first called No Ma, which does like yuca tech and style food is quite fantastic. Like the video game. Sorry. No, what, what did you say? Tick 'em. So like the yuca tech and Peninsula by like Guatemala people all my size, but just like, yeah, it's a different style of Mexican food. Okay. What do you do for fun, Gary? I'm into like backpacking nature and shit like that. I like to play high stakes poker on like LSD on like, very small amounts of fucking hallucinogens and then play very high stakes poker.


Did you lose? No. You're good at it? Yeah, dude, fuck it. I, dude, I played the World Series of poker on like four hits of acid. And how did that go for you? Not good. Okay. But when you have done good, what's the best you've ever done at poker? Yeah. So the most I won in like one hand was $32,000. What's the most you've lost in one hand? $16,000. Almost about half of that. Yeah. Right. Overall in your Texas holdem or poker playing life, how far up or down do you think you are? I'm definitely over a hundred K up. Up? Yeah. Wow. Absolutely. That includes the buy-ins for these tournaments and everything? Yeah, no. Hundred percent. Are you sure? Or are you just tripping on LSD and you think you're doing good?


No, I, this is the highest I've ever been, but I'm sober. But yes, like you can like track your stats online. You could look my name up online. And I have like, results like about like a year ago, two years ago, I took first place outta 643 people and I won 30, no, $28,000. All right, Gary. Oh Fuck, dude. Like that's, Do you still live in, in Alaska? No, I moved here about three months ago. What made you wanna move here? Pretty much like, stand up this show, you know what I mean? Like, this is a fucking mecca of comedy. This is great. You know, boy, we're fucking up big time. We are fucking up. This is not going how I fucking did on my vision board.


This is not great, Eric. Wow. You know, I thought it was Great. Oh my God. Can we Spice this up? Can, Can we spice this up? My vision board said it is gotta go better. Jesus Christ. Gary, you make mother fuck. You make me look like fucking some days, days. Someone tough somebody real toughing man. Tough. Yeah. You make, you make me look like Freddie Mercury. All right. Okay. Gary, tell us something interesting about your life. You have your entire life reference here. Something that's happened to you, something that maybe formed or, you know, like, tell us how you ended up the way you are.


Yes. Well, I was born this way, but I have so many fucking stories, right? I got stories out the fucking ass. Like I've seen, like I bet you have stories up your ass too. Okay, why don't you tell one Gary, instead of telling us that you have stories that's like you telling us that you have jokes. No jokes. No jokes, all stories We know. No, we know. So, yeah. Let's see. I, I saw an alien one time. Alright, My mom. All right, Gary, we're gonna keep it. Yeah. How am I gonna tell? So, do you want to hear it or no? No. Okay. How, How fast can you tell it? I Could tell it. I could tell it. Yeah. So I was about 14 years old. I'll catch, I was about 14 years old and it was about two in the morning and I was just laying down watching TV and all of a sudden I was paralyzed.


And I saw this, I, I Was like, that's it. There you go. Gary. Gia, everybody. Thank you Gary. Gia. We gotta keep it moving. Some of these people have fucking nothing to 'em whatsoever. You gotta love it. Gary, sign up again. Best of luck next time. Jesus Christ. An alien story. Why don't you tell us about a dream you once had? Boy, you never know what you're gonna get down here. Make some noise for your next bucket Poll. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Matt Revis. Matt Reitz.


Hey, my name's Matt. You guys ever met a Mexican Jewish person before? Yeah, I got a cousin, dude, he's Mexican and Jewish. His name's Kike. Spell kike for some people. I don't know why I love Kes man. Like, he's so Mexican. He works for construction but so Jewish. He only accepts payment like bonds and shit. He's a, he's a genius man. He, he's an entrepreneur. He did all this while managing a coffee shop called Hebrews. Bro, he's so Mexican and Jewish dude. He built tunnels for both sides. Imagine an narco with a gold gun and some pigtails. Jesus Christ.


I love Kes man. Kes is dope. Kes is chill as fuck. You know, we're older now, you know, he is an idiot. I try to ask him about this whole take on the Israel thing. You know what he said? He's like, oh yo Israel, y'all in the back right now. He is making tortillas. Yeah, man, you know man, I'm a simple man. Man. I'm gonna end it there. I'm done. Matt Revis talking about his Mexican Jewish. Was it a cousin or a friend? What'd you say? Just A cousin. Cousin. Is it real? Nah man, it's just a bit Right. How long you been on standup? About Three years. Three years. Where are you from Here? From Austin.


Born and raised? Yes sir. Wow. What do you do for a living? I work at a smoke shop. Okay. Yeah. Here in town. Right down the street. Okay. That's what, how long have you been doing that for? Actually, I'm about to start tomorrow, man. I just, You haven't even started yet? Absolutely incredible. Did they know that you're going to start working there? Yeah. Yeah. Actually, yeah. I talked to 'em today. Smoked a blunt with 'em. They're like, you're hired. Yeah. I was like, oh really? I was like, That's it. Amazing. When's the last time you had a job? Before tomorrow? Like a, like a week, man. I got fired on my day off like two weeks ago. You got fired on your day off a couple weeks ago. Where was, what was that job?


It was, I was a serve at this waffle shop. Okay. It's not Waffle House guys, Right? No. The Waffle House. You'd be the fucking CEO was just a random Austin waffle shop. Yeah. I don't wanna shout 'em out. Right. You know, it's just, it's a spot. It's like a ran by a bunch of Mormons. They're cool people. They're great people fired me though. Okay. What did they say they fired you for? I didn't show up for work one day. Okay. And then That'll do it. You know how it is. You know how it is. No, No. I do know how that Is. Y'all never got fired on your Before, ever? No, I've been fired from, always got fired. I've been fired that way from a lot of fast food restaurants in my time. I was at Subway, I was at McDonald's, I was at some ones you don't have over here.


Like what? Billy Baxter's Cafe. It was run by Chinese people and they wanted me to be the face of it. 'cause they thought it was weird for Chinese people to have a cafe. And there were just like six old ladies who would sit in the middle and frown at me. They owned it. They would just sit and frown at the fat white boy who can't be charismatic enough. Were they? Who's Laughing now? Billy Baxter's cafe? No, they went outta business And that was in Australia. Sweet Adelaide, Australia. But look, I think I believe in, I think you're a charismatic man and you, I think you can do better than a smoke shop. I think you'll go further than that. Thank You man. I appreciate that.


Also, I find the smoke shop weird and disturbing. I don't like them. They're a little unsettling. They're fucking in vans all over the street pedaling marijuana to young people. Have you said, I thought it was illegal in Texas and they're standing on the street trying to get people high. That's a pusher. Next thing you know, they'll be murdering some guy's. Autistic brother. I like the set. I Appreciate you Man. You are welcome. You were the first act in a long time that I wasn't worried was gonna die soon or was currently tripping. That was me last time I was up here.


Are you done? I'll take over. So you've done it before. What did we have you do last time you're on the show? I was actually tripping. Tripping man. I was literally tripping. Oh, are you a crazy player? I Don't. Hey, you right. You right, you Right. Do you have a, do you have a girlfriend or anything at you? I did. What happened? I'm not talented enough In the bedroom. How'd you know? Come on now. Takes One to no one. No, I'm terrible right There. I fucking get it bro. This guy gets it. He gets it.


Was it the Billy Baxter's in Arena fair? No, it closed down. It was in Adelaide Arcade. Why have they still got one There? Well, you look, we happen to read a Yelp review from Billy Baxter's cafe. The food is consistently good. The breakfasts are terrific, but oh my goodness, the coffee is bad. Jesus. Two stars. It's weak. Gray soapy and unpalatable. A double shot results in brown coffee. But bitter to the point of being undrinkable. Does the machine need a good clean out? Does the staff need lessons in temperature control? A weird, chubby, redheaded man in a beer greeted us. Which is strange because it seemed to be owned by Asian women who angrily stared at him from the front windows two stars.


After all the beautiful hosting work I was doing. You do it, you stitched me up. You have, you have to, you have to admire how long it takes red band to type words properly. I said Billy Baxter Cafe Yelp. I look over, he goes, there is nothing. And I look and it's, he typed in Billy Bass. Literally just BASS. So we had a whole thing here. It's really tough. And then he spelled Baxter OR at the end. There's a lot that goes on. It is a thankless job hosting this constantly sinking Ship. I always having great fun. I know the band plays while the ship sinks. It's the Titanic. Alright. You fucking nerd. What are you?


Mexican, right? Yeah, yeah. A hundred percent. I'm 95. I'm a little Asian. Okay. Just a little, little Japanese. Little Japanese. Look at that. Barely. Barely. You see the eyes. So You love all kinds of rice. Is that correct Dude, now? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What are your parents like? Me like they're, they're all, they're both Mexican like me. It's just like one different What Does your dad do for work? He works for the city actually. What does He do for the city? He's Like a, he's like a HR representative for like the a PD and stuff like that. Oh wow. That's incredible. How about your mom? Yeah. What does She do? She works for the state. Wow. Look at your governmented up family. I know, I know. It's crazy, right? Doing this. What else do you do for fun? Matt?


Smoke weed. It seems like a thing. How old are you? 24. 24. That makes sense. About To turn 25 in a few months. Well, Yep. That's how age works. I know You'll never believe what happens after that. Oh, another birthday about a year later. Fuck. Yep. Just a few months. Alright, well nothing else crazy about you madam. I'm forgetting a feeling that I'm, I'm close to finding something out, but I'm not asking you ever been arrested Me? No, I haven't Me You don't get that very often here. Wait, who me? Suspicious answer. Yeah. You're the one being interviewed. No. No, I would never get arrested. Why would I, why would Matt get arrested?


What? No, I would never get arrested. Did you talk about yourself in the third person? I Did. I did. That might have been what was missing. Do you often talk about yourself in the third person? When I feel uncomfortable, yes. When he feels uncomfortable. All right, Matt, there's nothing else crazy we should know about you before I get you outta here. Nothing Much, man. I just doing comedy, trying to stick with it. Working What? You're not working Tomorrow. Start, start tomorrow. Start at A smoke shop. Yes. Which is literally fucking nothing. No. This some weed and stuff. It's a nice spot. Nice, nice. It's little classy established. It's on fifth Street.


Classy. You know, There are no classy smoke shop. Yeah. You know, it's always a little woman who looks like she's emaciated, she's gonna fall down. Or it's a woman that looks like James. That's true. You go to the east side, these chicks get Hairy. It's what marijuana can do to you. I want you to turn your life around. Who knows what you could achieve if you put that down. I can't imagine. Look at me. What do you like to do after you get super duper high? What are some things that you do? Big munchie guy. Big munchies. Love eating. Munchies. Make stupid ass sandwiches. Like what? What's a stupid sandwich I made, I made a a a like, I like to get spam, you know, custom spam up.


Oh shit. Put a slivers a craft single on there. Oh, toast. Some bread, wheat bread. Preferably better for the digestive system, you know? Not really, but go ahead. Literally Not. And then I put, I like to put some honey mustard, maybe some Dijon mustard on there. You know, maybe a little mayo. Just a little. You said that was a crazy sandwich. That was the most sane sandwich I've ever heard described. Well, I, we Don't, we don't eat that on a regular basis here. You know, Aus, where you from again? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. I don't Know. A spam sandwich is a delicacy in Australia. All right, Matt, here's a little joke book. Not a lot of catches tonight. He did it. Hi.


Hi. And bye. Matt Res Bettering your business Takes Working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. Alright, it's an interesting, I've given out no big joke books tonight. A fun fact. Zero big joke books. Only the golden ticket winners have pulled their weight tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, make some the most for your next bucket poll. It's Shiva, ari, Shiva, Ari.


Howdy. Little bit about myself. Watch a lot of porn. You guys watch porn? Yes. Good, good, good. I mean, I'm not watching so much porn that, like I'm commenting on the videos. Yeah. But I'm, I'm reading the comments. That's kind of where I'm at. You know what, the one thing I do like about porn, the one thing I do like about porn, nobody. And I mean, nobody is ever, like, the book is better. I do like that about porn. Nobody's like, as Blasters three was better in the magazine. Right. Like that's, you know, I like doing a lot of porn jokes, mainly 'cause I'm a millennial.


You know what I'm saying? Like, we're not, we're not sensitive about sex, but we're sensitive about other things. Right? Like, if you wanna describe millennials, we're kind of like the generation, like eating ass and peanut allergies. That's, that's us. What you gotta hope, hopefully those two row zone cross. Right. That's like Tony having to go to the hospital because red band ate a peanut butter sandwich, you know? All right. I'm gonna stop you right there. Shiva. Shiva, welcome.


You've been on this show before? Yeah, twice. Twice. Okay. Yes, sir. Absolutely welcome. That was something. How long have you been on standup? 10 years coming up right now. Good God almighty. This is a wild night tonight. Yeah. What do you do for work? The pretty much this man. Yeah. You Make a living doing this. It's not a living, but How do you survive? I'm Alive. How do you survive? How do, how do you pay your rent? How do you get food? What is rent? Okay, so tell us about that. I don't really pay rent. I How do you not pay rent? Parent house, girlfriends. You know, You stay at the parents' house still?


No, no, no, no. I'm here now. Yeah, I live here Now. You are here now? Yes sir. You are here Like at the mothership? Yes, sir. How do you, how do you not pay rent while being here? I fuck you got me. I do pay rent now. Okay. But that just happened like two months. I just moved here like two months ago. So, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So how much are you generating from your standup comedy? How much money do you make in a ballpark a week? I mean, probably like five, 600 a month. Where? How do you do that? Oh wait, did you say a month? Yeah. Okay. So hold on. How much rent are you paying a month for the last two months?


800 a month. So I don't know if anybody's ahead of me on this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, you're nailing it. Right? So how do you make money to pay your rent? I, I've done enough shows. I, I mean, before I moved into the place, I saved a bunch of money. Yes. How much exactly did you save? How much? This just turning into a financial place. I know. Yeah. Yes. Holy fuck. How much did you save? Exactly. People are gonna find this unbelievably fascinating. There's a lot of people out there wondering, Hey, should I start, how much should I save? I live at my parents' house. Yes. What should I do? Tell us. Well, I definitely advise not to do standup comedy. Yeah. Well, I bet you would want nobody else to start standup comedy yest.


I bet that would help your market share. Then I get to pay rent. Yeah. Okay. How much did you save? Like 2000. 2000 Thousand Dollars? Absolutely. Yes. D Madness. Cracking up D Madness. Literally verbally laughing out loud. The guy's blind and is like, don't do standup comedy. Yes, a hundred percent. Okay. You stated the very obvious there. Yeah. But How much, how much, wait, no. I'm curious. How much money do you make doing standup comedy, Tony. Okay. Alright. Is It 3000 a month? Okay. No. Okay. What, what, what do, what do you, what do you mean? Yes.


It's only 3000 a month. Yes. Oh My God. How much is your rent? Okay. Yes. It's, it's, it's somehow, it's alright. I don't have rent anymore. Shiva. I don't Have, oh, I forgot. Yeah, you own, I understand that. Okay. That is Understandable. But I do have, I do have payments that I have to make. D Madness is literally losing his mind. So Actually you've lost a lot of Weight. Shiva over here. Oh, sorry, Sorry, sorry sir. Stick with me. Sorry. So how do you survive? Tell the truth That No, that's honestly it. Like I What do you eat?


I mooch off. What, what did you eat today? I had a fucking orange and a bunch of grapes. Actually, I just drove from Dallas. I was doing a show there. Drove here. All that you ate today was an orange and a bunch of grapes. Yeah, that's it. Are you sure On, I woke up at like 3:00 PM So it's like, Why, why did you wake up at three? 'cause I'm a comic. That's not, but what do you mean? Because what did you do last night? I did a show. Get it, Get it, get it. Okay. I did A show in Dallas. Alright. Yes. But then what would happen to where you wouldn't wake up until 3:00 PM after the show would be the question. Yes, sir. Before I asked you what you did last night, you said you woke up at 3:00 PM I said, why did you wake up at 3:00 PM So what happened last night?


Other than your standup set, unless you listened to it afterwards. This feels like the end of Legally Blonde. I don't know what happened in Legally Blonde. I'm sure that's a no. I You're trying to nail him for something. Okay. I don't, I'm trying, yes. I'm trying to do an interview. Yeah. No, I I'm not good at this. I'm not doing this. Where were you last night? At 2:00 AM I was at the Capitol. Dude, I fucking, yeah, no, I just drove here. I I got super drunk last night after the show. Shiva Ari. Ladies and gentlemen, go shi Ari. This is, we have, we are, we are in a dry spell right now. We might have to go fucking turbo mode here.


Ladies and gentlemen, your next minute tonight remind you I have the thickest stack of big joke books. I think I've had in the mothership era. Not a single one has been given out. And I have one little joke book left. This is unprecedented, Ladies and gentlemen, which is crazy. 'cause last week it was all except for the first one. All unbelievable. Four secret show editions last week, an all star lineup. The Momentum Runni tri, let's see if it starts here. With the stylings of Anthony Ruan. Everybody. Anthony Ruan. Let's see what happens here. Here's Anthony.


Everyone I started dating this new girl. I'll be honest with everyone here. I really like her. She's just into things that I have no experience in, like role play. She keeps trying to get me to wear these magnums. I'm a terrible communicator. I don't know how to let her know. Like, that's not how that works. No matter how dark this face paint is, Chill out. You guys are gonna feel much better when I tell you, I ran that joke by that black gentleman right there. He told me he hated it.


So I, it is much better than my last relationship. My last girlfriend, she broke up with me after we found out the apartment was haunted. I, I'll admit it's scary stuff. Getting in a huge argument when you know you're too afraid to go sleep on the couch. There was one time where in the middle of this big fight, I was like, you know what? The lights started to flicker. I was like, you're right. That's it. Alright. Anthony Ruan. Have you been on this show before? I have not, Tony. Okay. Well welcome. Welcome. Thank you. How long have you been on standup? I've been, been doing standup for a year and a half. Okay. Where at?


Phoenix, Arizona. And that's where you still live? No, I moved to Austin three weeks ago. Okay. And how is that working out for you? How's Austin treating you? Not as good as I thought it would be. Tell us why. Lots of mics. No state, like showtime. I was doing like, I would do like shows in Arizona. So I'm just trying to get back in right Here. You are? Here I am. You're on a show right now. Thank you guys. There you go. Absolutely. What do you do for a living? I'm a cake decorator. Okay. There you go. Absolutely. That's amazing. How long have you been decorating cakes for?


For about a year and a half. About as long as I've been doing standup. Amazing. And you decided to both start standup comedy and decorating cakes at the same time. What were you doing before that? I was driving semi-truck James. Well, where, How, sorry. How do you go from, you seem pretty young to have had a midlife crisis instead. I'm going into cake. Decoration. I'm so happy. You have an interesting job that we can talk about in the show. Yes. Yes. Much better Than what cakes do you like to decorate? When? Cakes, kids' birthday cakes. Do you do it at HEB or a fancy place? I'm fascinated.


Tell us all about the cake decorating. I am so interested. It's a Walmart. You gotta start sandwich. Wow. How did, how does this start? How does one even get into cake decorating? It's the highest, what's one of the highest paid positions at Walmart? So you went to a Walmart, you're like, what kind of jobs are available? You looked at the pay and you're like, I'll just take on cake decorating. It's exactly that. Wow. Incredible. Were you driving trucks for Walmart before that? No, I was driving for a beer company. Okay. What made you wanna stop driving and start cake Decorating A DUI.


Ah, yes, that'll do it. Many of your favorite cake decorators were once truck drivers. Wow. Amazing. Amazing. Where were you when you got the DUI? Were you getting high on your own supply outta the back of the truck? No, I was driving home from a, a new faces comedy show at the 10:00 PM improv, and I got pulled over while I was eating McDonald's. Is that a crime? If that's a crime? I mean, big shit. If that's a crime, then Red Bands Jack the Ripper.


Okay. I I got pulled over when I saw the lights, I panicked and I dropped the McDonald's all over myself. Oh yeah. And then my thought process was like, if the cop sees this McDonald's all over me and my car, he's gonna like assume I'm drunk. And you were a little drunk, right? Yeah, I, I hid, I hid the McDonald's in my pockets. Oh, I love this. Now we're fucking talking finally a moment of an interview where somebody admits fucking something. Yeah. Other than them being a federal witness against Demetrius, Andre Jenkins the third.


Not this guy. Uhuh. Not you. Not you. So you're shoving like, what, what are we talking about? Fries, burgers. Are there sauces in your pockets? Like what do you remember McDoubles. Whoa. Oh my God. So is this is while you're pulling over is or as as he's approaching? No, I had Them all in the pockets by the time I was pulled over. He didn't find them until he searched me. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wow. This is incredible. So you driving, you're eating McDonald's.


You got McDoubles? No fries, you went straight. No. Yeah, there's, if you use the app, you get a free, I did not know this red band. Yeah, red band actually created the app. Not a lot of people know that. Okay. So, so you see the lights, you're eating McDoubles straight up. How did you get to eat some of the McDouble? At least? Yeah, I was like halfway through that first one. Right. And then you took the second one out of the bag in its wrapper and put it in your pocket. I kind of had them like all laid out. How Many, how many, how many McDoubles did you get? When you say all I had, I had three. I had three McDoubles. That is six hamburgers in between three sets of buns.


Ladies and gentlemen. That is true. That is a mick, that's a spel. I want you to answer this question truthfully. Are you the hamburger? Honestly, that guy's legit as fuck. So I would take, yeah, I would take the hamburger. True gangster. So you take a burger? No, you take two and a half burgers and you shove them in your pockets and then the cop comes up. And what's, what's the first moment in which you realized that you might get in trouble? Does he say that he smells alcohol Coming out? Yeah. He was like, you've been drinking. I was like, and you're like, no. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But what had you drank that night?


Let's go through it here. Lots of tequila shots. Oh yeah. I was Celebrating a good set. Had a temp Tempe Improv. So I, I'll do it in Tempe. Tempe? Yeah. You weren't loving it, right? Tempe uses unmarked cars. Correct. Was it an unmarked police car? No, it was marked. Okay. It was Chandler Police Department think. Oh yeah. Top it up. Did you have to go to Maricopa County Court? No, I went to Chandler Courts. That's right. They gave me like mandatory minimums, like two days in jail house Arrest. Did they make double your fine Fuck at it. Alright.


It was, it was a pretty big fine. What did He say when he was feeling, when he's patting you down and he goes, there's a little, a little something here. You was it like, is there anything, do you have anything in your pockets that could hurt me or give me heart disease? Yeah. It won't pick or poke you, but it'll give you cholesterol. There you go. Yep. Yeah. It the, his, his exact words when he pulled them out. Yes. As he had 'em in his hands. Yes. And he said, why are there burgers in your pockets? People ask red band that every day.


And then what did you say? I said exact words. I said, I don't know, take me to jail. Brilliant. At least you knew. 'cause I was gonna say, you must have skipped the test and everything after that, right? Yeah. You admitted to being drunk. Yeah, I did. There was no hiding it. That makes sense. Wow. So from a high to a low, did you have to spend the night there? No, actually they put me in the cell. They closed the door and then they opened it and they let me go. And I was actually like less than a mile away from my house when I got out of, when I got out of the, the, the police department. I could see my apartment complex.


Amazing. Perfect. Do you talk about this on stage, by the way? That's way better than Anything you said on your minute. Yeah, I do. I have, I have a bit. That's pretty much like just exactly what I said right now. Right. It usually works. Yeah. No, that makes sense. Wow. So what's the craziest thing that's ever happened to you as a cake decorator? Weirdest cake you ever made? There's not like really weird cakes I've had. Like, people say they don't like 'em. Ah, yeah. What did they not like? Your decoration part or the flavor? Honestly, I think they like it until they see me and then they like notice that I'm the one that made the cake. Has there ever been a time where you felt like, you know, someone was gonna rob you at the cake store and you started shoving cake in your pockets?


Have you ever gone back to that? Have you ever put more food in your pockets before or since then? No. That was the first and only time. Were you stoned? Were you high? Did you smoke some weed that night? No, I was just, I, that was my honest, Just a night reaction in Tempe. A wild night in Tempe. A hot night. Lots of tequila and you're shoving burgers in your, I can't imagine being that kind of drunk to where I'd be like, fuck, I gotta get rid of these fucking burgers. She's, yeah, that's, if he sees these burgers, he's gonna know I'm drunk. Like I would eat the burger and I would like try to fucking get a pickle. I put yeah, put some like pickles on my neck. Yeah. Don't smell alcohol. Exactly. Yeah. I'd rub the burger, I'd put it everywhere. But my pockets.


That's like the exact opposite of what I thought. Yeah. Did it feel good? Yeah. Would you ever do it again for leisure? Yes, in a heartbeat. In a heartbeat. I would. I've often thought about putting a McGriddle down the front of the trouser. Yeah. Yeah. If it was two hours later it would be a Different story. Oh yeah. You were foiled by time. Yeah. You couldn't have hotcakes in the pants. I Couldn't. Anthony, congratulations you got pulled out of the bucket here. You could put that in your pocket. That's a little joke book. The last remaining little thank you guys joke book.


I'm gonna have to start giving out cigarette butts, smoked cigarettes if this trend of bad of, okay. Bucket pools continues. This sounds like a name that I would make up, Ladies and gentlemen, because I think it's one of the funniest last names in all of comedy, but it appears as though this is, this guy's real name. Make some noise for David Jenkins. Everybody. I do believe I use that word all the time. David Jenkins. Hi everybody. So I was grocery shopping the other day and my unemployed friend wanted to come along as they do.


And he just is one of those political types that can't stop talking about how bad Trump is. But I let him go on, tell the whole spiel. And his big thing was he was against borders. He said, borders don't work. Borders don't work. I was like, all right, you do you. But we get to the checkout line and on that little conveyor belt, he puts that little divider. So I'm just a little confused. Do borders work or do borders not work? It really didn't look good 'cause I, I was buying for taco night. Do you think an autistic girl has ever paid for fake tits to avoid eye contact?


That's my time. Thank you. Okay, David Jenkins, welcome to the show. Hi, this is your first time here, correct? It is welcome. Welcome. That was okay. Do how long have you been doing standup? I've done it like five times. Five Times. You live here in Austin? I do. Born and raised. No. Where are you from? Tampa. Okay. What made you wanna move here? I've got a long history here related with my girlfriend. She lived here for several years up until 2020. And I visited in March of 2020, right when the lockdowns happened and then in June. And then I had a one-way ticket for the first time here and we drove back together to Tampa where she came back with me.


Okay. And then we moved out here in August. You guys Are still together? Yep. Amazing. What does she do? She does DoorDash. What Do you do? Accounting. Wow. You're a real accountant. I am. And that's my real last name. Jenkins is your real last Name. I know. I thought about making a fake Jenkins name because I know you love to use it, but I'm like, I love it. Knobs go. I Think Jenkins is the funniest last name. Perfect. Absolutely incredible. Well, that's your real name. So you come from a long line of Jenkins. I'm actually the third. You are David Jenkins the third and yeah. What does David Jenkins senior do? He's Dead. What? How about your dad? He's retired now, but he did, he was a mechanic for airplanes.


Okay. All right. Okay, so you've done it five times. You're an accountant. What made you wanna start standup? I just love it. I've been listening to it for so long. Like I remember in fifth grade, I don't remember which album it was for Brian Regan. But just listening to that again and again and cracking up every time, putting it on the radio for my dad. One of the best stuff. And I've just been obsessed with it ever since. He's the man, he makes everybody do a shot before they go on stage before his shows. Oh, I didn't know that. Little Fun fact. He seems like he'd be like clean and sober, but he knows that a fucking party hard. I know. He looks like Santa now. I didn't know that.


All right. Tell us the most interesting thing about your entire life, David, before I get you outta here. 'cause we're gonna fly through some Ah, I've got the same tooth knocked out three times. Okay. Alright. Yeah. So they keep putting And when you say you got it knocked out. Yeah. Is it people knocking it out One time but not on purpose? It was never on purpose. You were Just horseplaying around. Yeah. The first time I was running up a wet slide fell, hit it, boom, boom. Second time I hit a kid on the forehead while playing basketball. And the third time I got hit in the face with a baseball. So two to three times sports. Kinda surprising. Wow. James, what do you think about this? I love that you've had the confidence to wear a beanie that makes your head look like the tip of a penis.


Absolutely True. I think that's good right there. Thank you. You are Welcome. What made you pick flesh colored? It's my girlfriend had it and I didn't wanna buy a new one. And it's really warm. I mean, it's cold out tonight. Okay. Yeah. And you've coupled that with the I have grandchildren sweat. Yeah. You can't scare me. I have grandchildren. Where do you get something? Like a lot of hip, a lot of hip dudes on tonight's show. Where, where do you get a shirt like that? I thrifted it on Depop. I dunno if you've heard of that. It's like an online thrift. Oh, I know all about it. I go all the way to round top just to antique sometimes.


I don't believe in Depop. I think that's the weak way to do it. I go to the big weird goodwill with all the troughs and the angry Hispanics fighting you for the stuff. That's what I do. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I know all about it. And they're extra angry for me when I walk in there. I go, you're all lucky to even be here. Get out my bin. Nope. I thought the joke at the end was good. Thank you. You, I just wanted to be supportive and it was Thank you. Thank You. You're welcome. Welcome. No, I I I got more laughs than I thought it would to be honest. So I'm You got more laughs than I thought it would too. Yep. It's because the audience has only heard comedy for a total of two minutes tonight.


It was Aya and Martin Phillips. Here's a little joke book. There you go. I've been given more little joke books by the way. I've been handed little joke books. The Great Bone Eye is somewhere skinning a cow right now live for us to be able to have more little joke books. I have decided to PrepU names Ladies and gentlemen. We are going into turbo bucket pull mode. When you hear those noises, that means that since there have been no big joke books given out tonight that I will be pulling and we will be watching people do minute sets until somebody truly kills Tony tonight. This is the ninth bucket pull of the night.


It could end right now. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for West Bullins. Everybody. West Bullets. Am I the only one that always gets jump scared by Valentine's Day? It's the same day every year, guys. It's a day to just be sad as fuck. You know, think about all the past trauma from your last relationships. Valentine's Day is like my day of Holocaust Remembrance day. 'cause every relationship I've been in has just been completely over-exaggerated. If not just made up joking around, guys, I'm not Elon Musk for just having some laughs having some drinks.


At least I'll see you guys drinking here. I I actually went sober. That was my New Year's resolution to go sober. Which it's a good thing, right? Yeah, it's a good thing. No, no. That shit sucks. It's just you and everything you hate about yourself trapped together all weekend long. You start looking forward to Monday. That's rough, man. I challenge you guys. Go to a dive bar sober and actually see what it's like. It's traumatizing. It's like Valentine's Day in the Holocaust every single weekend. Thanks guys. It's my tongue. And you know what that sound means? Little joke book for Wes.


No interview. He is gone. We bullins We are in turbo mode When you hear that slot. Arpeggio or Oro? Oro Pig o, that sweet slot chime. We're going until someone kills. Who's with me? Your next bucket Pool. Ladies and gentlemen, one minute for Matthew Jordan, How you doing? Welcome, welcome. So I've been going to the gym lately, dropped 40 pounds already. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Got addicted to Zumba all the time going in there.


First time ever in there, they looked at me like, this gringo's gonna be out after three songs. But I'm there. I just want to taste, just want a little bit of taste of that. You just can't stop with that. So going to by the third song, oh, I feel like I'm having a heart attack. I don't know if I'm having a heart attack or not. I'm going into Zuma going, going, going, whew. But then the fourth song, way to the fourth song. 'cause if you do make it past the third song, the fourth song, you just start feeling the music. The music starts going through. You don't even know what you're doing anymore. You're moving back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. You're, you're clapping, you're in a rush to get to the front of the stage and you want your spot. 'cause once you get to that spot, you're up there and you're dancing. Next thing you know, you get a target on your back. That's Betty back there.


She's coming up. She, she wants that spot. No shit. I was here an hour early. Put my water bottle down in that spot right there. It's mine. Who knows about all that? You fight for your spot in Zoom. But I'm telling you one thing. Holy fucking shit, there's a little joke book. Make some money for Matthew Jordan. Ladies and gentlemen, your 10th bucket pool of the night. This is unbelievable. We are quickly approaching the record, which I do believe is 16th. The 16th bucket pool that night. A fun fact. 'cause I remember, 'cause I'm a big fan of this show was Aaron Lyle who would go on to win a golden ticket. He would go on to America's Got Talent.


And he is a ticket selling star today. So anything can happen. This is Bucket pool number 11 in a, we have one little joke book left again. Make some noise for Ian Shark. Number 11, everybody. Ian Shark. Hey, thank you guys. So the other day I was walking around town and believe it or not, I saw a real life Nazi just standing there. Broad daylight, full uniform table full of propaganda. So I knew what I had to do. I said, not in my town. So I walked right up to that Nazi, punched her right in the face, beat the shit out of her.


Don't worry, I wasn't any danger. She was way smaller than me. Like suspiciously small. You know, she was about five, six years old. But listen, if you're old enough to wear that uniform in public, you know the infamous Nazi uniform with the green skirt and the beret and the sash covered in war medals. If you're old enough to wear that, you're old enough to get punched in the face by a grown man and get all of your cookies stolen. All right. Now listen folks, I'm no hero. All right? All right. We'll call it. You guys are Insane.


You've forgotten. What? Okay, we're going through a turbo round. No interview Ladies and gentlemen before I just pulled another one. So before he comes up, Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna bring someone up who specializes in following people bombing. I've waited. I didn't wanna have to wake him up. I didn't wanna have to bring him out of his fucking cage. But Ladies and gentlemen, here he is while we wrangle a bucket pole. 'cause it's up to a bucket pole to get us out of this mess. We will go all night. We will do all 200. This Is Drew Nickens.


My dad is my best friend, even though he talks shit about me on Reddit and he is a kooky guy. I was scrolling through Facebook. I got a group recommend that said sexy superheroes. And my dad was a member. So I checked on it and just to see what type of did he freak off shit he's into. That's when I realized my dad is a Batman. Cosplay. Imagine this. He is a six foot 6, 450 pound black man in a Batman costume, in a wheelchair that he calls the Batmobile because he can't walk.


He goes, I love, I'm Batman. I love solving crime. Unless there's stares. Like why can't you be trans dad? It was awkward. I walked into my parents' house, they gave the back cave. That's when I realized my parents were creating content. My dad, full costume. Full costume battering, hanging out. My mom hunched over in a ple costume. It smelled like a Arby's roast beef sandwich in that bitch. They had the meats, but I'm not going to king shame. So you could find me in that group. It's the retarded. Robin, thank y'all so much.


Alright, Drew Nickens, Ladies and gentlemen. We're flying through it tonight. Drew, there he goes. Drew Nickens, everybody. We are still in turbo mode. I don't know if you guys hear those sweet slot chimes. You guys hear that? Come on, let's get some energy after for this round. No, no, no, no, no. We don't want fake energy. Alright, let's bring that energy back down. Everybody. We want you to be a true judgmental crowd. We know what the fuck is going on here. Stay judgmental. Make these someone's gotta fucking earn it. Ladies and gentlemen, in an unprecedented episode. This is indeed your 12th bucket pull of the night.


Make some noise for a minute. From Matt Rivera. Matt Rivera. Hey everybody. My name is Matt. I've, I've always struggled with my masculinity. I think it's 'cause I like bubble baths, which is really confusing. 'cause now ice baths are cool. It's like, what do you get in a top of ice? You're manly and you stoic, but you had some soap and you're a pussy. I dunno how to treat people, man. I saw this homeless guy the other day and he asked me for money.


I opened my wallet. I only had $2. So I told him no. Then the next day I came back and he was dead. And when something like that happens, it really like fucks with you. But it teaches you to appreciate things in life. Like I am so grateful I didn't give that guy any money because he is fucking dead now. And it's a tale as old as time. You know what they say? A bird, a hand beats two in a dead homeless guys in a bush. I've been getting a little freakier in the bedroom recently. I had sex in the Amazon position. Yeah, it's, it's pretty hot.


It's when I'm on top and she's at her phone looking at throw pillows. All right, thank you guys. Alright, Matt Rivera, the biggest laugh you got there. You shook your head like that. You go, why'd you do that? I don't know. I was just, yeah. Were you surprised? I'm surprised that I'm here right now. What the fuck is a lightning round dude? Well, you know how you were at that bar across the street and all those people came over here, they got, you see, saw people leave with a person with a headset. I did see all that. I guess it's not going great.


I Don't know. It's not going great and it's still not going great. Ah, it's still, as you hear that sweet, sweet sound, it's still not going great. I have no more little joke books to give out. But I will give you a bottle. This is a bottle of souvenir comedy mothership water. Now it might not seem like much. Now I'm gonna wait on the cigarette buds. This, this doesn't look like the kind of guy we want to give our DNA to. Now, this might seem like nothing, but this is actually a $13 bottle of water. Have you ever had a $13 bottle of 20.6 hundred milliliters before?


No bottle? No. It's impossible to have that small of an amount of water worth $13 only here. The true souvenir, courtesy, veneer, courtesy of the comedy mothership. A 13 bottle of water, right? When you think Joe Rogan can't get any richer, leave it to a $13 bottle of water. Ladies and gentlemen, there's also, it's reusable. Jon Deas has reminded me as I'm sure that Carrie would, who runs the joint. It is reusable. That is one of the things that they tell me when I make fun of them for having this bottle of waters. They go, it's reusable. I go, who the fuck is gonna fill up?


Who's drinking this? Rusty second. Sloppy. Alright, excellent Water. Yes it, it's delicious. High quality water. It is unbelievable. Do you drink water? Sometimes I try to. Yeah. There you go. There he goes. Everybody. Matt Rivera. We are on number 13. It seems like it will never end. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Sean Stewart. Number 13. Woo. Howdy, y'all. Howdy. It's crazy. Inbreeding used to be cool, right?


You had to be rich and famous to fuck your cousin. A king and a queen. The powerful. Fuck their cousins. Now they fuck kids on an island, right? I'm kind of sad. I wasn't invited to that island though. Not as an adult, but as a kid, I wanted a Nickelodeon show. I think it could have been better than Drake and Josh, right? No. Everybody got real mad when they found out Stephen Hawking went to the island. I, I don't know why I don't think his dick worked.


If I was a kid on that island that got him on my weekly schedule, I'd be kind of pumped. Right? You know, he gave some bomb ass head, right? He was like harder, deeper daddy. A show would've been great. Sean Stewart, everybody, you hear that sound? We're in a turbo round, Sean. So put the mic back in the mic stand. You don't have to do an interview. You get to go right back to bed where you came from back in your sweatpants. Ladies and gentlemen, this guy has been on this show multiple times. I do believe he's a door guy here. This could be the answer we've been looking for in bucket poll.


Number 14. It would be crazy if this guy doesn't do good. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a new minute from Adam. Lucky Joe. Tony, how the fuck we doing? Everybody? We in it. I'm gonna do a fucking catch raise right now. I'm gonna go ao you guys. Give me a shebang. Go Ayo. Shao. Fuck yeah. So the other day I was beating my daughter, aunt Jenga. Am I right guys? No, that's a joke. She beat me. So I punched that bitch in the fucking face. Ayo. Jeno. Fuck yeah. Anyway, I don't be fucking that bitch. By the way.


I may look like a pedophile, but I'm not one, which is tough. 'cause I do, I do have resting. I'd be fucking my daughter face, which is not easy, which I don't like. 'cause I gotta walk around with that daughter. And it's tough 'cause she's not even that hot. So it's like, damn. Not only do I look like a pedophile, I look like a pedophile who can't even pull like, oh god damn. She may be five years old, but she's the four at best. Am I right? Oh my God. I went to the KILL TONY Show and a guy made a pedophile joke. Fuck yeah. Suck it. Fuck it boys. Hell yeah.


Now you did good. You did good. And normally that would be good enough for a big joke book. Thanks Tony. You, but I realize that I kind of, it's kind of defeating the purpose, having someone that already has a big joke book up. 'cause we are without a doubt, inside of a turbo round. It's all good, brother, anything crazy happened since the last time you were on the show? Stayed off cocaine. Well, congratulations. Normally a lot of people that open up with gimme a shabang and I'll give an AO are still on cocaine, Ironically enough. Incredible. But on the raum, Oh, you're on Raum. No, I'm trying to, yes, I am. I'm, Yeah.


Yeah. This is what every addict does now. I don't know if you guys have any of these CCRA buddies. It's, it's, it's fun. Yeah. So you started with just a little bit, right? Well, the Crad, yeah. No, I went in full on hard. Really? Yeah. 'cause I used to be a painkiller addict, so I went in deep. Okay. And so now you're deeper, right? The addiction only grows a little bit more of a, what do you, how do you do it? A scoop? No, I'm, they have these press pills now, which is basically just like gas station Vicodin. So it's badass. Wow. They're really cheap. And they make it, they make fucking, Hey Arnold. Really funny. So I highly suggest And how many does it say to take on the instructions? It says two a day and I'm, I'm down to 30 a day.


You're down. Seriously? No, not really. All right. No, I, for a day, I, I, tomorrow I'm supposed to quit, go cold Turkey, so I'm just gonna sweat in my room for four days. Have you thought about quitting before this? Have you tried it all to quit? Yeah, pretty much. But tomorrow's like the day I'm like, actually gonna really try hard, but we'll see. No promises. Sorry mom. I don't give a fuck. It's not gonna work. No, it probably won't work. I know. There's no way you're quitting creative tomorrow. I mean, I'll do my best. Just feel it in the air. Thank you. You've tried to quit before? How long have you been on this crate Addiction? I mean, overall, probably like six years.


I was expecting that to be Heidi and it was James. I didn't know the show was gonna go for Nine hours tonight. I know, I know. It's a crazy one. Hey James. Alright, Here we go. It's good to see. There he goes. Thank you. Cool. Adam, lucky Ladies and gentlemen has multiple appearances on this show. We're going till we give away a big joke book. A true fucking bucket pool. Here we go. It could be right now. There's the lovely Heidi. Total opposite from JAMES MCCANN. Makes noise for this is indeed our 15th bucket pull of the night. We are one away from the record.


Make some noise for Luke Newcomb. Everybody. Luke Newcomb. Y'all. I think it's safe to say a life is like toilet paper. We all go through it. Some more than others. They say they don't. They gotta be full of shit. I wouldn't shake their hand. That's what I'm saying. That's a hot take.


I think cheating is bad. I think it's worse. Women do it. A woman will cheat. Not even come. It's Fuck like guys, guys are so gross. Like they'll be like, oh, just a fucking pussy. Like, yeah, let's do it. Oh, you know what that means? Do you want a cigarette butt? Do you want one of red band's? Cigarette buds? Yeah. Here you go man. Alright. There he goes.


Luke Newcomb. Everybody. We're in the turbo round. Luke, I don't know if you hear that noise. Keep the volume up. Jesus Christ. A woman will cheat and not even come. Was like a Beautiful poem or something, you know. Hold on, let me make sure I have this correct. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. This is it Ladies and gentlemen. This will tie the record for all time. Are You guys excited to be here at a record setting episode? How long has it been?


12 and a half. Start June, 2013. What is that? Oh, 12 years. I don't know. We've been doing this show a long time. This will be, this will tie the all time amount of bucket polls. This should be your final bucket. Poll of the night. Make some noise for Bruce de Tore. Ladies and gentlemen, a minute for Bruce. That's right. Soak it in. Ladies. This is what Jeff Bezos would look like without any money.


This is the improve me. I've lost 60 pounds, but I didn't get the results I wanted. I ended up with loose skin. I wanted a tight, toned stomach. I ended up with a belly that looks like used grocery bag. Yeah. You know, if my body was an amusement park, it would be six red flags. Yeah. Shit. You know? And everything's going crazy now. Everybody's like, oh the fuck Trump's in office. Ah. But you know, I'm looking forward to it because quite frankly, I like Hispanic women with all this talk of deportation. There's gotta be somebody queued out there that wants a green card. You know, he just, he just renamed the Gulf of of Mexico to the Gulf of America. I can't wait to see what he does next.


There's a body of water that borders the west coast of this great country. We're gonna call it the Great American Ocean. What you gonna call the one on the other side? The other American ocean. That's what we thought. It's a tough predicament. It is a tough predicament. Bucket pull number 16, coming out with that head. I mean, you are so funny looking, it's almost not fair. The amount of laughter that you get looking the way that you do. You are a funny looking guy and you're aware of it. The Lord giveth and the Lord take it away. I love it. I love it. So you're a real guy. Hum Bruce.


Well, some of my exes would disagree, but fuck those bitches. I Love it. My goodness. And I see the extra skin. It's there on your neck. It, it's there too. Yeah. How, how? What's the most you ever weighed? About two 50. About two 50? How'd you lose the weight? What is your secret? Just Diet and exercise. Okay. Anything you enjoy in life, stop doing it. Yeah. What do you do for a living? I used to be an automotive And now I'm just pursuing comedy and mooching off my trust fund. Okay. How much do you have in the trust fund? How much do you have saved up in your trust fund? I basically live on about $2,500 a month. Okay. Is that what all they give you? Is that what you're allotted? Pretty much, yeah. Okay. So your trust fund, you get like a monthly thing. They didn't want to give it to you all at once.


I Get like a monthly stipend and then what little bit I make off of comedy and so forth. Yeah, a little bit of acting here and there. And the trust fund was from your parents? Yeah, pretty much. Okay. And your father passed away? No, he's still around. It'll be way better when he goes. Okay. That makes sense. I love you, dad. I know you're not watching, but I love you. Please stick around. That makes sense. Tell us more about your life, Bruce. You seem like a guy that's been divorced a lot. Oh dear. The, I'll tell you, the closest I've ever been to marriage was I was gonna ask a girl. I said, I need to ask you a question. She said, dear God, please don't ask me to marry you. That wasn't the question.


The question was, have you been cheating on me? And she did say yes. Why do you think she was cheating on you? 'cause she's a fucking piece of shit. She introduced me to the guy too. She's like, you gotta come meet this guy. He looks exactly like you Did he look exactly like you? He's a little taller, but apparently he wasn't as good as in bed. 'cause she called me later to complain that he couldn't make her come And you could make her come. Apparently not good enough. I don't know. Such an interesting predicament. Yeah. What are your secrets to making a woman come teach me, Bruce? Just, Just pure. Just work the tongue, just desperately until they either tell you to stop or are such a good enough actress, you believe they're not faking.


Okay. Oh shit, I, I think we should just give up to you guys think we should go to the bucket one more time. All right. This is indeed a rec, this is officially a record setting episode. Bruce de Tore goes onto the next one. You know what we're gonna do while we go wrangle that person? I'm gonna bring to the stage just to show you that it is possible to kill. I'm going to bring up one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show, who would normally close the show just to show you that comedy can be done. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the greatest regulars ever here with a brand new minute.


This young man, I promise you will one day be a citizen of the United States of America. One of the shining stars of the KILL TONY Universe. This is the Estonian assassin ti. I took the bus last week sweep, and I sit in the back of the bus and I think I'm alone on the bus until at one point I look to the front and there's another guy there and he has the the Down syndrome.


I'm not saying nothing bad about him, he just got it. And he notices me too. And he starts playing the game with me of whoever looks away first is a pussy. And you know me dog. If you wanna fuck with me, I'll fuck you back. So I stare this motherfucker down and we keep going. I miss my stop now. Who's retarded?


Huh? And it was one of those buses, you know where the middle part has this slinky accordion. So every time the bus would turn me and my guy would lose each other. And then every time it straightened out, there he is. The only moment we broke eye contact was because in one of the bus stops from the middle door, a lady enters the bus and she has, I don't even know how to say this, but she's got, they were so big that the tits were on the bus.


She almost missed it. You know what I'm saying? Dude. And me and my guy, we like both at the same time. We like both look at the tits and brother, when we looked back at each other, the connection we had, that's how perverted men are. It's in our DNA, Because I got a high school diploma and he thinks mirrors are another room.


But at that point we were both like, so ladies, get those milkers out and bring this country together. Thank you so much. Proof. Proof that it's possible. Thank You. Three minutes of brand new material after doing tens and tens of minutes before on the show's history. Take note. What's 16 bucket pools? We've been through? Nobody had one minute. Like any minute of your three minutes.


And you've done this many. I mean, people like me, I have an advantage show. Yeah, Well yeah. No, I know that. And I'm just saying this is a wild episode. Have you been keeping track? I'm sure you've been back there waiting for A while. I was listening, but I had to go. I had to walk. Yeah dude, I was starting a bomb. Like Yeah, you know when you listen to comedy, you're like, what? This standup even. Yeah. Yeah. What are we doing? Exactly? I was starting to think it was Me. I Thought I was bringing a Note. I know James. Dude, Sorry. Why don't you, why don't you put the mic in the mic stand? Why don't you sit in next to James and join us? Let's get through the rest of it together. Let's just see what happens here. You want a drink? What do you want to drink Ari?


Order a drink. We might be here a while. What do you want to drink, Ari? What do you want to drink? Whiskey and soda water. Can I get the whiskey and soda water? Two. Two. We're having fun here tonight, Ladies and gentlemen. This is officially a record. Your 17th bucket poll of the night goes by the name of Zach Meyers. Everybody. What's up?


So recently I've been banging this cancer bitch. Yep. But she's not one of those leukemia hoes. She was just born in July. Yep. The issue with her though, is she does have cancer and I'm just not into that. How much can you expect me to care when I can't get to second base? 'cause she's already at stage four. They cut her tits off too quick.


Thank you. And a lot of my buddies will be like, well, why are you even into her, bro? And I tell 'em, you know, it's simple as an Arabic, I find it sexy how easily she got in the terminal. And That means your minute is up, the cat is gone, and the slot chime is in because we are in turbo mode. There was one point in the middle of your set where you said, thank you. Did you remember that? Yes sir. They were laughing because of the way that Ari Matti was laughing. I, Yeah. At the overall thing. There was a part where James laughed because you did a cancer. The the, the the, what do they call that?


A after this show, I'm gonna have to just stare into a flower for half an hour. There's good news. There's good news. The show is never going to end. Give it up for Zach Meyers as it continues. He looks like a vampire. No, we are in deep. Ladies and gentlemen. There goes Zach Meyers back to, he's gonna live a thousand years back to the movie Twilight. He goes, did we get that? Oh, thank you. Did that bucket pull Come back yet? You need another name? Oh boy. Red Band wants to get outta here so badly. The noises that he is making. Thank God he's not in control of the show. Am I right? Yeah.


Just hand it off. There's, there you go. We're having fun here. Let's kill some time. Hold on a second here. Hold on a second. Ari Matti, have you been on the road lately? What have you been doing? Yeah, I went to Denver. Yeah, this weekend. Oh yeah. Comedy Works downtown. Wonderful. Literally I say the best built comedy club in the world. Did you feel that way? Yeah, it was crazy hot. The crowd. Yeah. You get, you get a bit too confident up there. Maybe, you know, after some shows. It is ridiculous. I didn't like the Denver airport though. You know, you know an airport where you take a flight and then you gotta take a train, bro, we flew 1800 miles.


Can we fly two more? Take me there. No baby. Maybe I'm autistic, but I fucking love getting on that train. Pittsburgh airport. I'm like, fuck. I wish I could have taken a train to this airport. Bang. I'm on a train. I love it. I love it. Wow. We're gonna find a superstar here tonight. Can you feel it? We really, I gonna feel the energy. Hey, don't you guys think James looks like a cute dog with glasses? He does have that vibe. Yeah. You put That dog that Do. Yeah. You do you. It's the nicest thing Ari has ever said to me, dog.


I appreciate it. Which one of us is gonna get a green card first? Huh? Fight. People are leaving, huh? Because they think the show's over or something should make, someone should make an announcement there at the bar that the show is continuing until somebody does. Good. Here, I'll give you a two. 'cause let's face it, it's, we're probably gonna go through and if the second, if the first one does better before the second one, then we'll put the second one up next week or something. We're gonna stay here all fucking night. Yes. Yay. For those of you getting thirsty out there, let me remind you that this is a reusable bottle of water.


It's $13. Shocking. Shocking. But it's reusable. So you know, something to keep in mind. Plus it has a, a mothership logo on it. I mean, look at that. Who? What's not to love about a hook? Hey lady, You wanna do the secret show Thursday? Wow. A woman from the audience. You do. Did you sign up? Do you do comedy? Oh, it's a shame. I'll bet you're funnier than everybody without being prepared. Do you think you have a minute? Do you, do you think you have? Oh, who here has a minute? Huh? Do you think you have 20 seconds? Should we get somebody who looks funny?


Did you sign up, sir? You did. What's your name? Brandon Ferris. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, make so nice for Brandon Ferriss. We are doing this tonight. Let's go Brandon. This guy, literally let's go. Just said I can do it. Do you believe in miracles, Ladies and gentlemen? We will. We will be here all night until somebody who hasn't been on this show before does good. This is the KILL TONY debut. Let's go of Brandon Ferris. I've been told I have resting Republican face. I look like I buy my daughter black baby dolls.


'cause 'cause February Black History Month. So good. It's not good. Get outta here. Get outta here. Brandon. Put the mic back in the mic. Okay, Brandon, you said it's up. Put the mic back where you found it. Jesus fucking Christ. Get outta here. No, get back to your fucking seat. He Lost confidence in four seconds. Jesus fucking Christ. This is unbelievable. Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket, fool. I do believe this is fucking number 20 or something. I don't know what's going on here. Make some noise for, oh, we know this guy. There's okay, Ladies and gentlemen, dubs, general Ladies and gentlemen in Bucket Fool.


Number 20, dubs General. I can already tell you we have another one coming. So white people, I'm new to dating. Are, are y'all still afraid of AIDS out here? I've been fucking these ratchet bitches lately and I was in with her and I was getting it in. I was trying to get in. I was, eh, fuck y'all. That's how I fuck. And she said, I kept fucking, I didn't give a shit. I kept fucking, I'm not finna do this with y'all.


Thank y'all very much. I have yourself a great, There you goes. Dubs General. Ladies and gentlemen, you can go dubs. We're in turbo round right now. We are flying through it. What was that? Go ahead. What the fuck was that? Are you guys having fun still? Huh? Fuck yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't, I've lost count. I literally have to count the dates. 22. This is, we are in it. Make some noise for Eric Bell. Everybody. This could be the one Eric Bell.


So my oldest daughter just turned 13 recently and into a little bitch. Guys, is it still illegal in the state to attempt to sell your child to a wealthy old childless couple? Even if they're white? What? She gets a new one. Better life. I get a new Corvette three lt. I told that one online. I didn't go viral. I did get a haha. Like however, a friend request and a comment asking, where can we see more of your material from Texas Child Protective Services? Ladies, I'm dating. I get it. All right. I've been collecting as for feedback. Feedback from you ladies for a long time. Now. I get it. It's not the face closing ass with you, but you have to be so goddamn mean about it.


A woman told this to me recently, this wasn't a date. This was just over the phone. Mean trying to leave live free out in the wild. She said, Eric, your looks are not that special. Another minute from Eric Bell. Now let me just say something here come is hard. Let me say something. It's crazy because just a week ago, and you can go back, you can go back one episode right now. Those of you watching on YouTube, you could go back one episode. Jim Norton and Tony Caruso right here just a week ago. And I only one of the bucket pools got a little choke book. Literally eight out of nine or whatever it was.


Or nine out of 10 or seven out of eight got big choke books. And still, as it continues, there's still not one. There goes Eric Bell. Thank you Eric. We're in turbo round right now. I'm gonna count it just for our own sake. I'm counting it. I'm counting it. Somebody say something while I count. Talk about something. The goodwill has left my body. Someone needs to be great. Can You come on? I peed on my book bag. But if you want good comedy. JAMES MCCANN, new special out now. 19. Hey America. That is true.


Hey America, go to Matt and Shane's secret podcast on YouTube. By the way, this episode is brought to you by Bay and BTU and this is literally your 20th bucket pool of the night. This has to get us out here. Do you feel it? This could be the one, but stay strong. Be real. This is a minute from Aaron Spoler. Everybody. Aaron Spoler. Number 20. Have y'all seen these Honda Civics driving around? They got that big ass spoiler, really loud exhaust on it and all these stickers and it's this shitty little car.


It's trying so hard to be a race car, but it just can't do anything that a race car can do. Shit's really annoying, right? Yeah. It's the same way I feel about trans women too. I feel like I just walked into a fucking fire right now.


Breathe. Alright. Something I've learned living in this city. I'm gonna cut you off right there. Aaron Spa. There he goes. Aaron, you seem like you'd be a very fun interview, but I gotta keep it moving. I don't know if you hear the slot chimes, but we're in turbo mode. Red band has low blood sugar right now. He wants to go home. This is bucket pool number 21. It's a female comedian. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Ashley Palmer. Everybody.


I'm a doctor in Canada, which means the government pays me to stick my finger at people's butts. Yeah, go to wear Glo though. Yeah, morphine is addictive. Western medicine tried to solve this with heroin. Oops. It was sold over the counter to treat coughs in children and it worked. You know, it also helped kids learn how to write the A, a lowercase N. And it's for nap time and is for Nancy.


Didn't wake up from nap time, but don't worry, morphine's been replaced. I'm sorry. Don't worry. Heroin's been replaced by its non-addictive cousin. Fentanyl. Modern medicine. We just keep getting better. Wow. I'm sorry. How old are you? I'm 30. Even if a guy fucks you, he should still be on a list. You know? That is true. Not man looking for loopholes. It is incredible. This is what free healthcare gets you, Ladies and gentlemen. Imagine walking in and this is your doctor.


Are you like a general health doctor? Wow. Yeah. I work, I'm a general practitioner. I work up north, so I do like a clinic, emergency room and in the hospital in a rural place. Is that weird To be a white doctor in Canada? I hear it's mostly Chinese. There's a lot of white South African doctors. Interesting. Yeah, they're, they're really good. Why do you think the South Africans are so good at being doctors? It's their training programs. Yeah. Yeah. They're just intense. Yeah. The the colleges in South Africa. Yeah. I think it's kinda like a trial by fire type of thing. So they're just good at handling situations. I can't believe you've killed another one.


You are shameful. You Would do what that teacher told you to do. Yeah. Yep. What was your schooling like? Super Canadian. Yeah. Yeah. Now a lot of people don't know this, but I study the Canadian healthcare system because they brag about how good it is. And I like to do my own research just to make sure that I live in the greatest country on planet earth. And I do, I don't know if you guys know this, but Canada does suicides now for anybody that wants one. Am I correct? No. Okay. Correct me where I'm wrong. It's like, it's called Maid, which is medical assistance and dying. And no one's ever approached me about it. But it's like, that's because You're working, you just said at an emergency like urgent care thing.


So they would go to a hospital or a normal actual professional, actual real money making, full-time doctor. I work in a clinic too, so. Yeah, no, I know. That's a, that would, they wouldn't go to a like a free clinic for that. They would just be like, Hey I, everything's free everywhere. Like what you're saying at clinic, that's just like the minor league hospital, right? No. Yes. Yeah it is. What's the difference between a clinic and a hospital? I work in a hospital also. What do do you do at the hospital? Inpatient care. Is that the people that would kill themselves Sometimes? Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. 'cause it's like for Ally Ill terminal illnesses that cause like a lot of suffering. I know 21 people who want to get that. Yeah. Yeah.


I've talked to multiple Canadian doctors and civilians that live in Canada and they have all known someone or know people or have assigned it. You haven't. No. I know people who have, but I've just never had a patient approach How to make this clear so that everybody understands In Canada it's not, you're sick with something and dying from something that would make you kill yourself. Like here in America you have to be dying in order to have other people help you kill yourself in Canada, you just have to be sad. Correct. Oh no, that, but that's something they've talked about. Which would be really fucked up if it's like that became a thing. And then like you don't accept like psychedelic medicines, which are really like, you know, you know what I mean?


Like It sounds like you're in denial that your healthcare system in Canada is so wild that sad people just get to kill themselves and then they schedule them to kill themselves. Where's the air horn when you Need it? Yeah. I, I don't know if that's like in practice yet, but that's a dark dystopian potential. It It's, hold on a sec. Believe it is. Hold on. You say that it's a dark dystopian potential. Yeah. And that it's not in use. Can you describe what maid is then? Oh, but it's just not for sad people. It's like for suffering but for or for like physical pain. But Do you think you have to have physical pain to do it there? I think so. You're wrong. Okay. That's possible.


You Could just be sad. Oh, I know more about your system than you because I have a bit about it. Okay. That I'm purposefully not doing. 'cause I don't wanna leak it here 'cause I want to do it on a thing one day. Yeah. But I would go into it and it works. Okay. Yeah. But the point is, is the premise is what's most important. Here's what's crazy is not only this is gonna be interesting for you, not only do Canadians do this over 2000 actually over or between 1500 and 2000 people did it in 2024. And again, this is no physical a lament. This is just being sad. But they, I wish so it's in Canada right now. I know that's, that was the joke that I implied 28 seconds ago now.


Perfect timing by the way to do that then. But they schedule you. So literally, it's not like you go into the hospital and you're like, I want to kill myself. And they're like, come on, we'll do it. They schedule you for a later date. They pro, they have to process stuff and do things. So they're literally like, okay, come back on this date and we will help you kill yourself. And people have to wait. And that's Canadian or Or you go to their home. Really? Yeah, that but service with a Smile up There in Canada. Right. They do it. They go to their home. Home Visit. Home visit. But what's the weapon? This is an injectable drug. Yeah.


And you've never done it though. No. You know, in Finland they have the highest rates of suicides in the world. And also last year, the happiest country in the world. Suicide works. No doubt about it. All right, we're gonna keep it moving. There goes. Ashley Palmer, Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you Ashley. Welcome to America. We're gonna keep it moving here. This is bucket full. I don't know again, I think it's 21. Maybe Owen Gallivan. Everybody. Owen Gallivan. Hey everybody.


Because I think registered sex offenders are like really dumb. Yeah, I'm never gonna register. That's my little secret you guys. For real though. I don't know how we landed on the term registered sex offenders feels a little soft for what they actually are. Could have easily went with convicted sex offenders. But we went with registered for some reason. Why are we making it sound like they're sex offenders that did all the proper paperwork? Like you register to vote, you register a weapon, you register your car.


I don't think a cop ever walked up on a sexual assault like license and registration. He is like, oh shit, that actually checks out. My bad. Didn't realize you had all your ducks in a row, sir. All right. Yeah, thanks. All right. I like that One. You like that one? That was a good one. Really? Yeah, it was. There was like clever stuff. I would love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. Yes. Really? Thank you. Thank you. Am I losing my fucking mind right now? It's Fine. Registered sex. All right, we're gonna keep it moving. There he goes. Ladies and gentlemen, we're in turbo round. I don't believe you. I think red band's just trying to go home.


Make some noise for Nate Mueller. Everybody. Nate Mueller. Joe Rogan's Comedy Club. Oh my God. What a what a c. That's it. The episode's over Ladies and gentlemen, we're done. Thank So we did it. Brought you by And Blue Chill. James McCann. The new special. We've linked con. We don't give up when the going gets hard. We keep going until greatness is achieved.


I'm sorry Red. We're never wrong. Alright. Alright. Everything stop man. Stop. Okay, let's ignore the Joe Rogans club. You do. Start from the top. Let's go skip the Joe Rogans Club. Do your material go. Unfortunately, that was my material. He's built a beautiful scene down here. So I Moved. Okay. There he goes. Everybody there he goes. That's okay. Alright. Nate Mueller, everybody there he goes. You're in a special turbo round. Nate. Nope. No bombing. Dude. I've never seen I was too late look like this. This is A, all that I had written on this when I came up here was Martin Phillips and Ari Matti We're a part of history.


Now this isn't a normal KILL TONY episode. This is a historically bad KILL TONY episode. And from the corpse a flower must grow. You know what's going to be great next week. It's gonna be all bucket kills that that are killing like And like doing. Do you have an appointment to go to? No. He has nothing in the world. No, I just have, he has has to do, he has to do VR in like a few days or something for a little bit. He has absolutely less than nothing to do. There's no one I know that has less to do than actually red band. He's very excited to drink and complain about his night tonight.


That's all he has to do, right? It's my Fault, guys. I'm sorry. No, it's not your fault. It's all my Fault. The next great comedian in America is behind that curtain. Well, not yet. They're not. And There might be six or seven people behind that curtain. There might be 154 more people behind that curtain. But I believe that greatness is gonna walk outta here tonight. Is there anybody else inside that signed up? What are they pointing at? You did do It. You did? What's your name? Scott. Jeff Scott. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Jeff Scott.


This could be the one everybody. Do you believe in miracles? All right. I was watching a documentary before the show, but it got a little depressing so I had to turn it off. But it turns out Dolphins will have sex with just about anything. Like they're extremely horny creatures and they kind of bum me out. Dude, I just thought what me and Flipper had was special. You know I have herpes now bastard. I really am trying to improve myself right now though. I quit playing video games. No more smoking weed or you know, no more drinking. I started going to church and that means no more masturbating. You know? Especially no more jerking off.


In fact, if I'm gonna have sex from now on, I only want it to be the Lord's way. I just wish the priest would, you know, take it easy on me. Dude, I haven't felt a fart since Easter. That's all I got. Alright. Okay, we're go back to your seat Chuck. We are in Turbo. How crazy for the girlfriend. Huh? Dude, I saw you have a panic attack. Then. I'd like to give a special shout out to a special guest that's here tonight who told me 18 years ago when I said that I wanted to start standup.


That I'm gonna go to a local open mic in Burbank and start. And he told me, start at the comedy store. He's visiting tonight. First time I've seen him in Austin. First time I've seen him in years. How about a hand for Jeff LaBuff up there visiting everybody. Old friend. You're not gonna see 'em. Don't turn around. It's dark up there. It's a VIP balcony. U peasants. Don't get to lay your eyes on 'em. Alright, back to the bucket. We go make some noise for Marvin, Izzy, everybody. Marvin, Izzy. Yeah. Yam we here.


I smoke weed. That's something me and my father used to do. Smoke weed and laugh. Smoke weed and laugh. But we can't do it no more. 'cause his lungs can't take it like he used to. 'cause he's dead right? Smoke so much he ashes now. Don't feel bad though. I got a quarter pound of him in my living room. My little sister hit me up, was like, I want some of his ashes so I could put in a locket. I was like, I'll sell you a A for 60. I want me and my wife to have a kid so I can know what the race of my baby going turn out to be. I'll say race. 'cause I'm Puerto Rican and my wife is Honduran. So if you use your mixed race calculator, Puerto Rico plus Honduras equals Mexican Cuban.


If you carry the one, y'all think I'm joking that mixed race calculator for real? Like if you get a Chinese person in a Jamaican, you get a Filipino, you get a African and a Venezuelan, you get a Haitian. If you get a Colombian and a Cuban, that's just a very serious Coke head in front of you. Just letting you know that shit right now. Yeah. Y babe. What was it? Marvin? Izzy? Yes sir. Is it Honduran or Honduran? Potato. Potato. Okay. We're in a turbo round right now, Marvin. We're gonna keep it moving.


There you go. Yum. He's got a catchphrase everybody. It is. Yum. A little fun fact. Jeff Scott was pulled out of the bucket just now. So destiny is right on cue. Ladies and gentlemen, we have, are you guys still alive? Hell Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Caesar Leone. Everybody. Caesar Leone. This is, we are in, oh my God. All right, Caesar Leone. All righty. Good evening, Austin. Where all my Latinos at? Ah, see you guys.


See how easy it was to round us all up, right? We can't help but express pride and I feel like in this day and age, we kind of need to take lessons from Italians of the past century. You know, kind of go incognito into white people. Forget about us. Eventually they'll accept us. Because if you think about it, an old school Italian is basically just a wetback with a towel. No. All righty then moving forward. But seriously, now that Trump is in office and these ice raids have started all over the country, we kind of need need to be a little bit more vigilant as Latinos. You know, whenever we go scout out the area, be aware, learn to read the room, not just clean it, right?


But all righty then Caesar Leon, Ladies and gentlemen, there he goes. Caesar Leone. There he goes. We're on a turbo round. No interview for you, Caesar. This is fucking crazy. This is an absolute mathematical fucking anomaly. We don't go through this many bad bucket pools in a month. Not to mention an episode. This is absolutely crazy. Ari, what's the report coming in? Yeah, It's unbelievable. Is there perhaps a band member that has a minute? Any of the horn players got anything? You got something crazy? No, these fucking guys, deep madness is wasted right now. There's no way. Ladies and gentlemen, here we go. Back to the bucket. This is the show you wanted to go to.


It's trust me, I wanted to be done an hour ago. Make some noise for Matt Po. My wife does these charcoal face scrubs. Ladies, you've probably heard of them. Apparently they work wonders 'cause she does them every night. I'll just be chilling watching Netflix before bed. She's walking around full black face, not batting an eye. I'm like, whoa, babe, I'm trying to watch Django Unchained right now. You're totally ruining the vibe. All right, cool guys. There's a family of immigrants behind that curtain. If you don't laugh, I'm gonna have to tickle them.


Very hard to get sound bites. All right. The worst is when she does these charcoal face scrubs. Matt, we're just gonna keep it moving. We're in a turbo round. We need to kill her. It's a special part of a special show. Thank you. And you. There we go. We're gonna keep it flying along. I Love comedy. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for your next bucket pool. We are almost double the record. This is Mario Zapata. Everybody. Mario Zapata. Here we go.


I don't know if you guys can tell, but I used to be Hispanic. Yeah, my full name is Mario Alejandro Illa. Yeah. You know who gives me the most shit about being pale is other Hispanic people. It was like, why are you so pale? And I'm like, well, my family flew here. HBO is remaking Harry Potter. Fans are concerned 'cause they wanna cast a black actress as Snape because in the book it says Ask Aban, not ax Kaban.


I think that the reason, the word retarded is such an offensive word. It's 'cause so many people are, you know. Thank you. Thank You, Mario. Look at this. You see this shit right here? Oh, oh my God. Holy shit. Do you believe? Look at the energy on this fucking guy. Holy shit. A standing ovation for what some people would call on a scale from one to 10 about a 7.2. But here, God damn it, we needed it. You'll never understand what happened before you on a night like this, Mario.


I'm just happy to be here, guys. But yeah, we needed a hero. And you are it. How old are you Mario? I am about to be 45. 45. How long have you been doing standup? 11 years. What do you do for work? I edit porn. Really? Yeah. He's even got the best interview of the night, Ladies and gentlemen. He is taking the ball and running with it. Best set. Best interview. Thank You. What type of porn do you edit? Giants is porn. Oh yeah. Wait, what is, what is, what is that? It's where you're a very small person. You're looking up at a woman after Woman. Yes. Yeah. Oh my god. Imagine Godzilla, but it's a hot chick. Wow.


Autograph. How do you, how do you, how do you get in? How do you get into porn? Editing? You have to be unemployable. Once you fucked everything up, porn opens you with open legs. Wow. Absolutely incredible. That was a bit, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll answer the question. I'm sorry. It's okay. Yeah, I'm nervous. Sorry. Yeah, we might not give you the big joke book out. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Mario, what else? What else is crazy about your life that we should know about before I let you go? I got kicked outta the military for international drug smuggling. Wow. What types of drugs did you smuggle? Ecstasy. From where? From where from? Well, I didn't smuggle them, but like I paid for them to be smuggled. Okay. And And I sold some of them.


Yeah. Yeah. Anti-climactic. Sorry. Amazing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you have Kids They take forever to die? No. No kids. No kids. I'm too selfish for kids. I'm sorry. Okay, so what do you, where do you shoot your load when you pull out? Oh, anywhere. Anywhere. I'm just happy to be shooting loads. Alright. Okay. Okay. Here you go, buddy. Congratulations. You got us outta here. Thank you so much. We're done. Mario Zaba to ended it kind of just, okay, but good enough.


The drawing from Ryan G Built is in. How about a hand for JAMES MCCANN? Did the band leave? This is incredible. JAMES MCCANN. Guys play some fucking music. The Hell's Going on? Jesus fucking Christ. Check out his new special. Hey America, it's on YouTube at Matt Shane secret podcast. James, tell him Thank you for having me. I can't believe it's over. We did it. What A beautiful country. What a beautiful shot. Ari Matti, thank you for joining us on the back end. Thank you so Much. The drawing from Ryan Shabel is in of James McCannon.


It's lovely. Let's see what Chris Rogers drew tonight. Whoa, Heidi, with the gun look out. It's more detail than ever got to be put into that one. Thank you to fia. Thank you to Blue Chew Red Band. Check out the movie Dos boot. Okay. And yeah, I got a lot of tickets up for sale. I'm on tour going to Anaheim and Salt Lake City in Detroit, and a bunch of other crazy places coming up, doing standup, bringing my friends with me. We're gonna have a lot of fun out there. And thank you to this audience who is legendary. You guys were at the most bucket pools ever in an episode.


I do believe. Pretty positive of that. And congratulations to us all. I love you. God bless America. Good night everybody. Thank you.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now over. Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.