
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY, and every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Redmond coming to you live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony h. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Wow. How exciting You are here at KILL TONY.


Everybody fix some notes for Brian Redban. There he is. How about one more time for the best fucking goddamn mother fucking band in all the land, the KILL TONY Band brought to you by Express VPN ZipRecruiter and Prize picks. That is indeed Webo Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo, and Raul Vallejo Nachos motherfuck Bel Grande. That is Big Mike. Live in the flesh. That is the real big Mike. I know what you're thinking. He doesn't look that big. Well, the podcast adds two feet.


This is the sweet, sweet Matt mulling behind us, dressed like a bum next to a barrel fire. This is the great Jon Deas. The hair is connected to the hat Fun fact. And that is D Madness, wearing his finest pajamas this evening. It is incredible. He rolled right out of bed. Right out of bed to be here tonight. We are gonna have so much goddamn fun. I can feel it in the air. Do you guys feel it? It feels like a hot crowd. I see a lot of goddamn Latinos out here hiding from ISIS right now. You cannot get deported at Joe Rogan's Comedy Club. It's impossible.


You're protected. In fact, we're all gonna give you all, we're gonna give all the Latinos in the room a little hands stamp to protect you. Since we're all part of the current administration of the United States of America now, you will be protected as long as the hands stamp doesn't wash off, so you can't do any hard work for, alright, here's a little bit more from the amazing sponsors that made it all possible


tonight. Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Via Folks. Life moves fast, and sometimes you just need a way to relax, recharge, or stay focused without making things more complicated than they already are. You ever try meditating, but then get stressed about how bad you are at meditating? Same. That's why I love Via, because they actually make feeling good, easy. Half a million customers can't be wrong. Via is changing the game in natural wellness. Combining high quality hemp derived ingredients with powerful cannabinoids to create real, effective, driven results. Not just fancy packaging and empty promises. One better sleep, more focus, a little boost in the bedroom. Or maybe you just need to chill out because your stress levels are currently at screaming into the void status. Whatever you need via has a solution for you. If you're 21 or over, check out the link to Via in our description and use the code Tony to receive 15% off and free shipping on orders over a hundred dollars. And if you're new to Via, get a free gift of your choice. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your every day with Via


At Sierra. Discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality bikes, which might lead to another discovery. Oh, Oh. Getting back on the saddle isn't always comfortable. Good news is Sierra has massage guns and Shae wipes too. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Any vehicle can take you places, but why stop there? The Alfa Mayo finale combines luxurious Italian design and electrifying performance to make every mile a masterpiece and every arrival unforgettable. When precision meets instinct and power moves with purpose, you never have to stay in a lane, experience a world without limits. And the Alpha Romeo Tene plugin hybrid tap the banner to learn more. Alpha Romeo is a registered trademark of FCA group marketing, SPA used with permission.


You guys ready to start tonight's show? Huh? Wow. Wow, wow. You guys are here for another legendary episode of the show. This is an incredible, incredible booking. My mind is blown at the fun that is about to happen. One of the guests is one of the most legendary guests in the history of the show. One of of the most utilized guests, and who I consider to be a king of New York City visiting the other guest is one of the most legendary comedians of all time, who's never been on the show before. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you tonight's guest.


Wow. Holy shit. Ladies and gentlemen. It is indeed. Bill Maher and Big Jay Oakerson. Bill Maher. Bill Mark, Big Jake Ker. Oh My gosh, how exciting is this? Okay, calm down. Calm down people. I know it's exciting to see a big star on your little circus here, but No, I'm kidding.


I'm a big fan of the show You've never been on before. Bill, I've always wanted to book you. You're one of the few big comedians that I've never been able to have on. I love this show though. What was your name again? I'm, I'm Tony. I'm sorry. I'm Tony. Why is the band so close to me? Tony, you know I have a, a little rule. Yeah. To not have my back to black people. Oh, well, I'm kidding. You're All right. The one we're directly behind you is blind, so he doesn't know exactly where you are. I love my Sheria more, by the way. Great song. That's a Stevie Wonder. That's D Madness.


Those are two different blind black men milk. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry. I don't know. All my blind people. Blind. I guess I'm a big asshole. Welcome Bill and Big j Oakerson is back. Well, Bill Maher insists on promoting Kyle Dunnigan dot com Who? Kyle famously played RFK Jr. And is one of the great comedians in the world. He's my favorite. I love him. You do. Why? What? How did you and Kyle Dunnigan become? So I just am a huge fan of his comedy. You can go online and, and if you Google Kyle Dunnigan, BILL MAHER, you'll see, okay. What a huge fan I am.


I Love it. And Kyle Dunnigan is on tour right now, so make sure you get tickets at Kyle Dunnigan dot com. Big J has a brand new special out them. They is out now. Them is out now. They comes out in April. And that is on YouTube. YouTube. BIG JAY OAKERSON. Truly two of the best comedians working today. Big J. You've been on numerous times. We're so happy to have you back. I'm happy to be back, man. Austin, Texas, a bunch of fucking weirdos across the street at a bar, right? Yep. They are waiting over 200 lonely souls waiting, hoping, praying for the opportunity. If I pull their name out, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted.


You know, their time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts their set. And then I conduct an interview. We all fucking try to help 'em out, find out more about them, find out what's interesting about their lives. The whole thing is improvised. Have you ever seen this show Before, bill? You know, I haven't, but I, I'm a huge fan of the, I see the clips. You know, I have a black hooker here who's a huge fan. She's waiting in the green room, so I have to make this kind of quick. She charges about a Bitcoin an hour, so I wanna hurry it up. Well, Plus, I'm, I'm actually a little, a little high right now.


A little, who am I kidding? I'm higher than a Sherpa pussy. You don't know Sherpa. They're in a high altitude. They bring fat people's stuff up. Mount Everest. Wow. This is exactly how I've always expected Bill Mar to be. This is incredible. I can't believe BILL MAHER is here while we go wrangle that comedian, the first bucket, pull from across the street. We have someone special here to start tonight's show. It has been a long time since we've seen this young man, Ladies and gentlemen, a KILL TONY Hall of Famer, former regular Ladies and gentlemen, this is a brand new minute.


Sing it if you know the words. This is Hans Camp. Hey, what's up guys? Good to be here. I'm glad the election is over. That shit was horrible. Now the, now the only campaign I have to worry about is trying to understand what Cam Patterson is saying to me. I, you know, I, I can't wait for the grocery store prices to go down. As soon as we're done kicking out all the people that grow our groceries for us.


Thank you Latinos, for coming after your protest tonight. I don't get why Trump blames immigrants so much. How are they to blame? They just got here. They had no time to fuck anything up. It's people who have been here a while, maybe they're the problem. Huh? These fucking Native Americans, you know, they had their turn. Thank you guys so much. Wow. Exactly. One minute. Oh God. Hans Kim back. Thank you, Tony. Back in front of everybody Here. By the way, you didn't do the land acknowledgement, don't you talkers like to do a land acknowledgement before the show.


Wait, what does that mean? Well, he brought up the Indian people. You don't know about land acknowledgements? No. Come on. Yeah, you do. Every time you do a show, you're supposed to thank Indians for letting us do it On their land. Yeah. You say, you say this club is, was situated on the unseated territory of the Chicka pocket people or whatever. And then you know, you go, we, you know, this is their land that we stole and they are never getting it back. That's what you do. That's what talkers do. Alright, band, relax. Jesus Christ. I found that offense. He took us there. The drums was a little much, it's Wild.


You got this place in It. I made a point. And then they made it offensive. Hans Kim, it has been a while you're back. It was a solid minute. Big J. What do you think about this sweet boy? I haven't seen Hans in a while, and I will say he's getting too handsome for comedy. Hello. Thank You. Yeah, he's, success is looking good on him. He's fashionably mismatched. Yeah. What? I mean, it's all autumn colors, but it's all of the autumn colors. Yeah. Your hair's coming in Nice. You look fantastic. Thank you Big J. This Is a compliment underneath all of it.


I promise You would make a beautiful woman. Have you said that before to him? No. He does look Like, yeah. If you wanna go tra Yeah, that's what the kids are doing. You know, they just play Go fish with their genitalia now. That's the big thing. They're gonna go like Asian. Yeah. Asian is the best starting point for a good trans move though. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, thousands of dollars of electrolysis. You don't have to spend, They're beautiful men. You are very hairless, Hans. Is this true? Yes. I, you know, I'm, I'm sleek. Yes. Yeah.


Aerodynamic like a dolphin, I'm guessing. Yeah, No doubt about it. What are your pubes like, Hans? Oh, they're a mess right now. Oh, I bet They look like, it Looks like a pile of pad tie down there. I They're A Japanese porn level right now. Oh yeah. It looks like you have your, but they're Very, but they're pinned straight, right? Yeah, it's straight hair. It's amazing. Your Asian pubes are totally straight. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That's incredible. Gets in the way. It overtakes my dick in like five months, you know. Wow. That's because you have the, it's the keratin. Yeah. And having the dick of a five month old, do you ever decorate it?


Since you can do things with your pubes, do you ever do like haircuts or perhaps like a big J mohawk type of look or like spiky ever put gel in it? I usually just go clean shaven. I did the Hitler once as a joke. Ah. She was not on board. She's Jewish. Ah Indeed. It's like a holocaust down there. Yeah. Wow. If I was Asian, I would put a dragon condom on my wiener. When you unfroze like one of those dragon costumes that 18 people get in. Yeah. Yeah. For the new year. Yeah. Have you ever done anything like that, Hans? Yeah, of course. Oh, be Perfect.


Maybe some lanterns. I'm just thinking out loud. Yeah. Yeah. Incredible. What you ever, you ever do like the chopsticks thing down there or anything? Like a ponytail type of, what's My balls? Or I don't know what else is going on in life, hon? I was in Fort Wayne, Indiana doing the little Summit City, a big Summit City comedy club. There was a guy there with a full confederate flag track suit. Ah, nice. I was like, holy shit. That's custom. Yeah. Where do you get that? Like Yeah, it was a, I thought it was a new Kanye merch. Yeah. Either way you slice it. One of your people made it.


Either they made it or they dry cleaned it, one or the other. We'll figure it out. A confederate tracksuit sounds like something kid rock gives you if you get wet at his house. He's like, ah, dude, my clothes are soaking wet. He goes, that's cool. Go grab a confederate trash out of the guest closet. No doubt about it. You ever meet kid Rock? Never. How about kid walk? Well, Hans, anything else we should know about before letting you go? I was on Dr. Phil Live amazing show. It was at Salt Lake City. Yeah. Talked about soaking a lot. Okay.


What about soaking? Apparently you lay on the bed and then someone jumps up like a Tempur-Pedic commercial shake The bed. Yeah, because you can't move. Moving as moving is fornication. It's against God. So you have to just put it in there. Oh Yeah. Yeah. And then a third person jumps on the bed. Yeah. I didn't know that part. Yeah. Yeah. I've never heard of the jumping on the bed part either. That might've been a, it's not Jumping. They sit There and shake the bed really hard to try to get you to fuck. So yeah, it doesn't necessarily matter what they're doing to bed. It was the fact that there was other people in there facilitating the motions. That's wild. All right. You guys just talked about it.


You didn't do it. No, we didn't have sex on stage. Okay. All right, Hans. Well you got spoiler alert. Yeah, I was gonna watch Hans, you got tonight's show started. It has begun. All thanks to you, the great Hans Kim, Ladies and gentlemen. And now it has begun. And we go to the bucket, which has a mind of its own Ladies and gentlemen. Oh, there she is. Live in the flesh. The one and only Heidi. No, that's not the DEII was hoping for. I like getting a little darker.


Alright, your first bucket, pull of the night goes by the name 60 seconds Uninterrupted for Gabriel Kerr. Everyone, here we go. Gabriel Kerr. I saw an ad on a porn site recently, and there's just a guy standing there by himself completely naked, right? And he's got his dick in one hand and a Pringles party stack can in the other. And they're the same size. So now I'm not watching porn, obviously. I'm Googling how big that fucking Pringles can is. Save you guys the trouble.


16 inches. What? That's a lot of fucking Pringles. You know what I'm saying? Do the math on that. That's two eight inch sticks. That's two good dicks. I feel like you guys need a visual. I could stand here tonight with that. Pringles can and fuck it. And then another guy with the same size dick as me could fuck the other side. And there'd still be a stack of Pringles in the center. And it'd be safe to eat Gabriel Kerr with a minute and some change.


Welcome. It's been a long time. You've been on the show numerous times before. Yeah. Welcome back, Gabriel. Thank you. Cheers. It's been a long time. Yeah, it's been Like three years. Welcome. Welcome. That was a good set. Thank you. You've been working hard on your standup comedy. Yes. Okay. You still live here in Austin? I do. What do you do for work? Just this. You just do standup? Yeah. I had a rental property, but that it's no longer a good business. So It's no longer in business. A good business. Okay. What happened to the business? Why is it no longer a good business? Because The fucking rates are through the goddamn roof Interest rates. Yeah. Yep. So it's not profitable for you. Do you still have it? What are you doing with it?


Breaking even? Okay. Yeah. Hell yeah. This is like Ari Matti money with Jim Kramer, except very unprofitable version of the show. Incredible. So Gabriel, how long have you been doing standup? Five Years. Five years. How old are you? 41. And how do you make money doing this? I produce a couple shows in town. Okay. And they do good. They're weekly shows? No. Okay. Guys, have you ever seen anything quite as adorable as Gabriel Kerr? Yeah. Me. I Think I wanna hire this guy to go to malls with me and try on clothes so I don't have to be embarrassed first.


But Do I look good in this? Your set was very funny, but mostly I was thinking like, I guess I could pull off a white tracksuit. It was fun to find out. We look great, dude. Fuck the haters. We look great. Wow. Over my Hoodie. I know two guys that are gonna fuck a Pringles can tonight together. Hey man. I'll be honest with you, I could be another friend and honestly, if my dick hits the Pringles, I'll eat the first few. Whatever comes out on my prees, I'll eat.


Hell yeah. It says plain, but they taste like French onion. This is, This is sour cream and bleach. Gabriel, what else is going on in your world? Huh? What else is going on in life? I found out four months ago that I'm Jewish. Whoa. Four months ago? Yeah. Wow. How did you find this out? Four months ago when? That's how good Jews are at hiding. There was, there was one in here for 40 years. But how did you find out? My grandfather died and my grandmother told my dad that she's Jewish and had been hiding it from him her whole life.


Wow. Yeah. I kind of see it. Yeah, there it is. No doubt about it. And you Got the yamaka in your head right now too. And you gotta push it down a Little. Are you happy about the news? I feel like you said it like you just got terrible news. Yeah. 'cause I'm not making any money on my investment properties. What the fuck? Yeah, Clearly I'm not a good Jew. These like 23 and me called and they wouldn't give you the results. They were like, no, you gotta come in. What? I just wanna know, am I Irish or what? He goes, we just need you to come to the office. Please. Got terrible news for you.


Put your house in order. You're Jewish. My goodness. This is incredible. So you found out four months ago, did your grandpa leave you money? No. I thought he was Jewish. Yeah. He took it with him To the grave. Wow. Absolutely incredible. You still have, you still like have like this crazy love life? I kind of remember, right? Like threesomes or cery or something. Right. Remind us, what was it again? My wife and I Fuck other women. Your wife and you fuck other women. Are you guys still doing that? Yeah. And that's working? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it works Great for me. Yeah.


Okay. And when's the last time you did that? Six months ago. All right. Yeah. Is it Reddit that you find these people or Mm. No, there's, there's apps just for that. Really? They are called. Yeah. Yeah. Red Band wants to know that he could nuclear catfish a couple. I'll just be in the kitchen. You guys do your thing. Wow. Well, he's trying to say politely, Tony is These girls are fat. Yeah. Is it true they bigger girls?


No. Do you ever do the the pegging thing? Have you ever tried that? No. I have a dick. Well, you have what? I have a dick. You can still get pegged. I have a butt plugin right now in about a half hour. No, it's oh. Oh. Like BILL MAHER is the only one keeping the butt plug industry alive. A lot of people do it. There's a black prostitute in the green room controlling it from her phone right Now. Oh God. You, you're right. I'm gonna have a prostate orgasm in a few minutes and I am a squirter. I love it. Gabriel, you already have a big joke book, right? I do.


There he goes. Gabriel Kerr. Ladies and gentlemen, on to the next one. We go.


Hey everyone. This podcast is sponsored by BLUECHEW. Have Better Sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets make men achieve stronger, harder, and longer lasting erections for sexual activities. BLUECHEW is putting their money where its mouth is and offering you a month free. The process is simple. Sign up at BLUECHEW dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers, and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. BLUECHEW tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. You can take them anytime day or night so you can plan ahead or be ready whenever the opportunity arises. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. A red band, Tony, I love BLUECHEW. They're giving men the best ed treatment out there. BLUECHEW won't stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house. That is the mission. Does it work buddy? Find out for yourself with a free month you could be missing out of some of the best sex of your life. Ula la. Make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options at BLUECHEW dot com. We've got a special deal For our listeners, try your first month of BLUECHEW free. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast.


Eczema isn't always obvious, but it's real. And so is the relief from EB GLIs. After an initial dosing phase of 16 weeks, about four in 10 people taking EB Gliss achieved itch relief and clear or almost clear skin. And most of those people maintain skin that's still more clear at one year with monthly dosing. EB Gliss lebrikizumab, L-B-K-Z-A 250 milligram per two milliliter injection is a prescription medicine used to treat adults in children 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 88 pounds or 40 kilograms with moderate to severe eczema. Also called atopic dermatitis. That is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin or topicals. Or who cannot use topical therapies. Gls can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. Don't use. If you're allergic to gls, allergic reactions can occur. That can be severe. Eye problems can occur. Tell your doctor if you have new or worsening eye problems. You should not receive a live vaccine when treated with gls. Before starting gls, tell your doctor if you have a parasitic infection, searching For real relief. Ask your doctor about EPLI and visit gls.lilly.com or call one 800 Lilly Rx or 1-800-545-FIVE 9 7 9.


We're in for a treat. This is without a doubt, one of the funniest door guys here at the mothership and one of the funniest of the top young rising comedians in the world. This is a good, fun chance for the world to get to see. And I don't know what kind of minute he's gonna do, but this is one of our favorite up and coming young comedians. Make some noise for the great and powerful Miles Johnson. Everybody. Hello. This is an impression of a guy who's trying to be threatening, but he forgot his gun.


All right, here it is. Are we gonna have a fucking problem here, pal? You wanna take it here? Dip shit. Shit like that. I, I've been, I've been, I've been jerking my dick. Crazy. I've, I've been watching these JOI videos. Have you guys seen these? JOI? Yeah. All right. A lot of guys playing Ray Charles right now. That's all right. That's all good. It's cool. They're, it's always white ladies though. I noticed it's always white ladies in the JOI videos it short for jerk off instruction.


By the way, for cowards and women, it's short for jerk off instruction. All right. Can't finish it. Yeah. Okay. I think it's always white ladies in the JOI videos. I think it'd be cool if it was an old black lady. Don't here beat your dick off now, baby. Come on now. Come on baby. You doing all this? JOI. You need to get a JOB. That's what you need to get you nasty ass little freaky dicky ass mother. Wow.


Miles motherfucking Johnson. Everybody. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely incredible. What you see is what you get. Miles is hilarious and a very, very nice boy As well. Oh, thanks. Yeah, he's A nice, he's a nice guy. Yeah, I'm kind of, yeah, I'm kind of like that. Yeah. Yeah. As much as I like you, Myles, I know almost nothing about you. You've worked here for a couple years and we've all been doing comedy together. You're very, very funny. And so tell us what's up. What do you, what do you do when you're not doing standup and or working here?


Usually I'm hanging with my bitch. Or I wish I could do impressions of a black guy like you do. What do you mean? What do you mean? I mean, I do it. Everybody's like, whoa, I, I think it's cool. Go for it. Oh, I'm so black. What is that? Is that you? What's going on back there? Oh, I'm so black, John. What Are, that's crazy, John, You having your own sound effects is becoming an immediate duh.


What do you mean it like you Okay. I'm So Black. That is me. That is me. That's from the British. The British black rapper turned out, he was like a famous rapper, by the way. Guy in the front row. Oh, I'm so black. It's time for some rap music. And that beat dropped. And it's like a historical moment in the history of the show. White guys were dancing. Whoa. Miles. What do you think is the blackest thing about you Other Than your face in here?


Yeah, It's probably my skin. And then He's throwing you a lob to say, Dick. Oh God, let's just Take the body out of it. Let's, let's just take the skin and body out of it. What are you, are you like a point guard or something like that? I'm, yeah. I can play the one and the five basketball joke. Yeah. Miles has to, you gotta give context to your things before you say 'em. They didn't get that basketball reference when you said, JOI. I knew what you meant, but I'm a piece of shit. And in a lot of the crowd didn't. But it is a weird way when you give, it's too common for you.


That's more the thing you worry about when you say things like that. Yeah. Like I was giving a girl a, you know, a French toaster the other day and just moving on from it without explaining that you're like, you guys never heard of that Before. Yeah. Jerk off instruction. Is that your jam? Well, I've been, I mean, I've been watching him. I never learned how, so I didn't have a fucking dad. It's funny that you think that's what dads do. Yeah. Is that what I was gonna say? Is that what black people think dads do? Yeah. I didn't have a fucking dad. I never thought I got learned how to jerk off. So your mom had to be your mom and your dad? Yeah.


It's tough dude. I was trying that shit. Hell yeah. Rubbing the old clit. I don't know. Rub it till feels good. Mom. Mom. This shit doesn't fucking work. Mom out of being so nasty right now. Just rubbing the old cryp Taurus miles. What else? Any other hobbies or fun things that you're into? You seem like the kind of guy that, you know. Chess club or something like that. Chess club. Chess club, bro. The fuck that. Like swollen as fuck. No, man. I mean, I like, I meditate and shit.


It's not funny. It's badass. I like meditate and Meditate. Did you get into that in prison or something like that? Like normally? Yeah. I used to be a black disciple and then I, I don't know. I tried to riff. I don't know how to do it. You're good. You're doing like this guy. You do, do you have a younger sister or niece asking for a friend? I do, but why, why do you want to? Nothing. Nevermind. You wanna tell her I my black hooker to hear. Anyway, let's move on. Bill Moore. BILL MAHER likes black women. Yeah, you can Google it. Yeah. It's well known.


It is. Everyone, you know, likes their thing. Would you, would you fuck Wendy Williams? Absolutely. That's Bados. I would, so far the blackest thing about you is I would fuck Cantana Brown Jackson. Okay. This audience doesn't know who that is. That's why you didn't laugh. Miles, miles, miles. You are incredible. You are fantastic. You've done it again. Miles. Would love to have you on the secret show Thursday. Oh yeah. You already have one of these. You don't. There it is. Boom.


Big joke book for Miles Johnson. And the show continues. And your next bucket poll goes by the name of Eve Allen. Bogan Eve. Allen Bogan. Make some noise for Eve, everybody. Hi, I'm Eve. I moved here to Austin like a year ago from New York, which makes me better than everybody. And I don't really blend in very well in Austin. People tell me that, that I have like a real New York vibe, which I think is them being like, you're such a fucking Jew. You're such a dirty little Jew.


And I'm like, I know. Spit on me. Make me come. I Any other Jews allowed in here? Yeah. In the back. I, I'm not a, a religious Jew. I'm just a New York Jew, which is like Jewish, but just for business purposes only. So I don't follow the Jew rules. I eat bacon. I love, love foreskin. Just, you know, together is the best way on a bagel. It's, it's like a sandwich, you know? It's like a BFT, right? Like bacon, foreskin, tears.


I, Austin, living in Austin has changed me a little bit. I never used to say retarded, but now I say retarded. It's in New York. We don't say that we're better, but then I moved to Texas and almost everyone is retarded. Boom. There you go. Everyone is retarded. Eve Ellen Bogan. Bill Mar. Well you're, now that you're in Texas Yeah. You seem to be a bit of a floozy. Nothing wrong with that. That Like a whore. Yeah. But I have a bit of advice for you. Yeah. Do you know what A Mexican abortion Isn No, tell Me. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, you're inevitably gonna get pregnant.


Okay. And when you get knocked up by a, a chil, like to get a Mexican abortion, you get knocked up by a A, a Mexican. A Mexican, and then ice will get rid of the baby for you. It's just, it makes the whole process easier. Cool. That's a good tip. Thank you. Yeah. I try to help And I guess it's like free, which is like a Jew thing. Exactly. Yeah. So that's good. You guys don't like the Jew jokes. I don't think you Like Jews. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. It's the vibe I got. When you said I'm Jewish and one guy Woo. And then someone shut him down. Yeah. He was like, woo. And somebody went. Welcome Eve.


This is your first time on the show. Yeah. How long have you been doing standup? 12 years. 12 Years. Yeah. 12 years. Almost all of that in New York? No, I started, when I lived in Korea, I lived in South Korea. And You lived in South Korea? Yeah. I can kind of see that with the haircut. You have a very South Korean haircut. Hans Kim was up here with the exact same hairstyle. It was minutes ago. The first time I met Hans, I spoke to him in Korean and Wow. He got hard. It was, it was like, yeah, I think it was like, 'cause it reminded him of his mom, you know? So it was like incredible. Yeah. Did you see his dick come out of his pubes? Noia. It's hard. You really gotta spread them. What were You, How, How were, why were you in Korea?


I spent my twenties teaching English in Korea. I'm 40 now. What made you wanna do that? I just didn't want to have like a normal, I just didn't wanna be in the US so I, why? What Was going on? Yeah. Well I guess I grew up and I knew that I would leave. I my you're gonna, my mom died when I was a kid and I was like, I gotta get outta here. Boo boo. Yeah. I don't How old were you when your mom died? Stop trying to fuck me. Jay seven. I, I I was seven when she died. How did she die? She died from a brain tumor. Oh my Goodness. Wow. She had her brain tumors.


Does that like make me, like, does that make me kind of like retard it like seven Is A regular, A wild age to have that happen. Did she like explain to you what was happening? She, no. She was very sick from when I was like, fi you guys wanna hear this, right? Yeah. But when I was like five, she's sopping up. She was like a lawyer. She's very smart. All this stuff. Fuck you red band. And then she Water's jerking off and then It's the bud Fuck. And then So she was very sick from when you were five. Yeah. So I can't tell you with this music. You can't. It's Okay. She Trust me. The music makes it All right.


So then she couldn't speak anymore. She was like, and she wasn't really kind of there right. Anymore. And so she didn't tell. I knew from other people, but I, you don't really get it. So there was a period of time when you're in kindergarten learning words and colors and everything. I was Like learning how to spell my name. And meanwhile your mom was unlearning how to misspell her name at the same time. So you got to pass up your mom in real time. You Know what, I Never Speaking of real time. Omar is here Every Tuesday. I never thought of it, but you're right. She was very smart. And for a period of time I was smarter. That's, thank you. Yes, Tony. Absolutely incredible. So you moved to Korea 'cause you wanted the tri aal that's low risk anal.


Is That low main anal? Yeah. Hello, hello, hello. Hero. Lo lo anal. Mom says goodbye and you say hero mom says goodbye. And I say hero Har. Your mom is looking up at us right now. Laughing. I'm kidding. She's looking up. Looking up. I'm kidding up. She's not in hell. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. She's, she's in heaven. Was she Jewish too? She's Jewish. She's looking up at us right now. Laughing. Oh, I love it. What's dad like?


My dad is turning 90 next month. Oh my goodness. Look at this guy. Putting your mom to shame in years. It's incredible. What a dream. That guy got 40 years of being single without having to go through divorce or nothing. Dude. Incredible. Damn. He's, he's, he's very funny. That's like where awesome, you know, our whole family kind of gets from my dad. He always, James McCann was, is like we loved friend of mine McCann. And he loves a joke that my dad told him. Yeah. Which I hate. Let's hear it. It Was just a quick thing when I was like, you know, his voice was going and he goes, sorry, I'm a little horse. I'm a pony. And that's, that's, yeah. But how, that is a wacky joke. James, James will say it, he'll be like, I'm a little horse.


I'm a pony. Because my dad has a fun chewy way saying She's gonna say an Edward joke or something. Yeah. No, no, no, no. He doesn't have any race jokes. But there's so many sex jokes. And I have to be like, stop like you're nine. I don't wanna know you this way. I a lot. That's what I tell him. Is He, he's retired obviously. Yeah. What did he do for work? He Did a bunch of things. Like first in math stuff, then he owned a little publishing company. Then he went to art dealing and then controlling the media. Absolutely. We know He just did the tour of Jewish work. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Now he's all of it. Just running the banks. Yeah. Yeah. And to think Gabriel found out he was Jewish only four months ago. Yeah.


He only had a dad like yours. I love it. Eve. So that's fun. So now you live in Austin for the last year? Yeah. I live in Austin. East Austin. No, I live What? 'cause my hair. Yeah. Is that right? So my hair, my bangs were not usually this severe. I did like a taping. Yeah. The other day. What happened? Did you D Madness. Have you been giving free bang cuts lately? It definitely feels like a boyfriend cheated when she did it herself over beer. I Did. Is this your Trump's in office? No. I don't want to fuck guys in. No, no. It's like, it's the end of the world. I'm so horny all the time.


But no, I, I was have, I did a little taping thing on Friday. I, and I panicked 'cause I get anxious. And so I was like on the phone just cutting my bangs and then I went, I think I did okay. And then it didn't look, it doesn't look that great, but it'll grow in. That's what you learn when you have, that's Of course you take the do alone yourself and super crazy to do while on the phone. Yeah. You had like One handed going. It was, yeah. It was cra like I was, I was like, I'm in a moment, you know, when you're in a moment and you're like, this is, it's this or cut myself and I, the banks, I the banks. Did you think about putting it on speaker phone and setting the phone down? I Was, I, no, I was like, in a moment it was like, I have to do this right now. She's trying to live on the edge. It's the one step between this and suicide.


You don't have It Is you don't have anxiety. Like, I don't really get crazy anxiety, but when I get it, it's like a full, like, I'm not here right now. Are you on medicine for That? No. No. Okay. How do you handle it? What do you, what Are some things? I cut my bangs. That's One way to do it. You're a cutter. Yeah, exactly. I just, I mean, I, I journal, I do, I do a little yoga. No, I don't know. I just fucking Panic. Yell at mirrors. Yell at mirrors a lot. Yeah. You should be better. You basically. No, I, if I talk to the mirror, listen, I am like a real basic bitch in some ways. If I talk to the mirror, I'm like, you're doing great. Like, that's what I do in the mirror. And then I'm like, you just cut those bank and then I have to deal with you being like, what's going on?


Well, Everybody's thinking it. I know you just happened to sign up for my show. I know. It was, if you were on politically incorrect, BILL MAHER would literally be asking you about those banks. No, Listen, I it's fair. It's fair. There's a picture of me with, as a kid where I did the exact same thing, but that was 'cause my mother was dead. Right. And said, Oh right. You feel so bad. Oh, you're so sad about it. I love your bangs. It's very three stooges. Thanks. Right. Be Oh. It, it's like you're looking over a fence upside down at me. Yeah. I love it. You like H shit. Look, they, they cor they, it has to do with how I feel in the moment. Sometimes my bangs look great right now.


You know, I'm getting it together. That's how I feel. I'll tell you what the answer to the question. Why are your bangs like that? Doesn't, it just brings up more questions. So it's like, Hey, why are your bangs like that? You go, I was on the phone and you just keep moving on. They're gonna be like, that's Well, I was, I was coping is what I'm trying to say. I was coping with my hair. That's like, that's better than a lot of things. I don't really drink. Right. I'm better than all of you. All right. There you Go. You don't drink, but, but I can't let you end up with a drunken haircut. Yeah. I'd say duck a few back and go hit a salon. You know? Yeah, that's True. It'll, it'll grow in. I got them cut like a month ago and then they grow in faster than the rest of the hair. So I love It.


Yeah, I love it. It's awesome. Eve. Ellen Bogan, welcome to the Kelton Universe. There's a big joke book Eve. I'd love to have you on the secret show. Oh, look at that. Ba and here you go. You just saw somebody get booked for a real show.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


You don't wake up dreaming of McDonald's fries. You wake up dreaming of McDonald's hash browns. McDonald's breakfast comes first. Ba Anything can happen here. Your next comedian Ula la Your next comedian goes by the name of Sharon Ruth Hensley. Everybody or Sharon Ruth Hensley. Everyone make some noise for Sharon. Everybody. Good evening, KILL TONY people. I am Sharon Ruth Hensley and I am deeply disappointed that I have aged out of being a sugar baby.


Had I known all the ways life was not gonna work out for me, I'd have been cool with being kept. Now all the men who can afford me want teenagers, which is super stupid. I passed the Perry part of menopause a while ago. You're not gonna knock me up. I can't sue you for child support. I'll understand your eighties references because I was alive then. But that's okay. Keep playing in the kitty pool. Did y'all know there's a bunch of dudes out there paying big bucks for sweaty socks? I wear a nine and a half and have hyperhydrosis.


Someone should have told me sooner. I'm gonna be able to keep myself. Thank you. Okay, Sharon Ruth Hensley. I don't think I've ever been softer in my life. This is incredible. BIG JAY OAKERSON That wa I was, wait, I thought at any given moment she was gonna tear her clothes off and have fur's murder written on her body or something. Barry's murder. I'm using your platform. I'm, I'm, I'm from Texas, so I'm a carnivore. Oh, okay. Wow. You're from Texas. Yeah. My goodness. What part? I refer to it as the cesspool.


Y'all know it as San Antonio. Okay. Incredible. You have real like liberal hippie vibes. Nope. Sorry. I know. Don't, don't apologize to me. I fucking hate those people. It's incredible that you're not, I can kill my own deer and hang it up and gut it and skin and cook all the good parts. Woo. Absolutely amazing. My God. My uncle was a career marine scout sniper and he trained me on a ranch in Fredericksburg. I'm starting to shoub up. This is getting better. Okay, what else? I'm probably one of the few people that you know that has shot somebody.


Oh, tell us about that. This is incredible little Dick Cheney situation here. No, bear County jail let a prisoner out on work release and didn't bother to check to see if he had a job. So he took a via bus to my house and cut my phone and electricity and got himself shot. So a guy cut your phone and electricity? He specifically told me it was so I couldn't call for help. Well, how, okay, let's just take it one step at a time. You kind of went Tarantino style there you went the beginning and the end. Now we need to figure out that whole fucking middle part where you find out that your phone and your electricity's cut. I wrote it a felon.


I'll see you guys later. Were You gonna cut your hair and call or were you just going to No, I, I'm old so it was before I had a cell phone. Okay. So, so, okay, so take us through it. You noticed your electricity's out, right? Is that the first Well, no, he was outside trying to get in. Okay. Knocking. Was he knocking on your door? Banging on the door. And the front doorknob had been broken off And he still couldn't get in At first. Yeah. So why, why would he go and then cut your electricity in your phone? I guess. So the cops didn't get there before he could get in. Did He do that before breaking through your door? I'm not sure what the timeframe on which particular criminal Activity.


We're jumping around here. So you're, are you standing there with a gun in your hand? You're by yourself on the other side of the door waiting for it to open so that you can Shoot 'em. Well I was trained one, be prepared. Two, if you have the gun out, you have to use it three. If you use it where you empty it. So Let's go back to the question that I specifically, let's, Before it goes home, It's a pretty simple question. Pretend like you don't know the story. Oh yeah. Like the, like the people here and the people watching at home. So the person's trying to kick down your door, right? You're on the other side of the door. Yes. With a gun. Yes. Are you standing there? Yes. With it pointed at the door.


Yes. Are you saying anything back to him while there's a hole in the door? Big JI feel like she's just gonna be practicing lines. She's gonna say you just fucked with the wrong bull. No. Yeah. No. I mean you better Checkmate motherfucker. No, Just because I'm, yeah. Oh, your lights are going out. Yeah. Yeah. We found it. That's why we do these sessions. Yeah. You're about to make a long distance call to heaven. My uncle was a sniper. We doing twin desert eagles under the fucking things.


What'd you pull this guy? 3 57 with hollow points. Wow. Oh my God. Take it easy. Cnt Eastwood. I, this is incredible. Oh my God. I I thought, I thought your pussy was dirty and hairy but I didn't realize your dirty, hairy. See the reference there folks? That's a, that was good. Yoni's not even smiling. Alright. Incredible. A 3 57 Magnum with hollow points. Well the sad thing is He was white. No, the dude, the dude was a marathon runner.


Dude was a what? He Was a marathon runner. So he was really muscular, but he was really thin. So the bullets just went straight in and out. They didn't have a time to expand. Hilarious. Oh my gosh. This is some real Texas shit. Wow. Well the funny thing is, right, I mean people in California and New York are like, what? The Bullets didn't have time to expand. Wow. So a marathon runner. And by that we have figured out the race of the man. Am I correct? No, he is very Mexican. Oh, Mexican.


Wow. I thought it was pictured there. Yeah. Wow. So you had to aim low. Yeah. Incredible. Good. My face is up here, Juan. It was Miguel, but yes. Ah, Did you kill him? I tried. Aw. What happened? Hey, as long as you did your best kiddo, we're still gonna go to Pizza Hut. We'll still go to Pizza Hut. I'm hungry. Yeah. The fact that he's Mexican does make the catchphrases that she could have said to him a lot better. Really does. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Did somebody order the migas tacos Live?


Moss. Hey Pedro. The wall's that way. Damn. It does make it better. For whom does the Taco Bell toll? I like that one. Yeah. Incredible. So you didn't kill him? No. How many times was he shot? Three. Three times. And he survived. God damn. This must be one of big Mike's relatives. Neck. Shoulder. What? Shoulder O Neck. Chest and shoulder. The shoulder was my off shot. Did any of these ricochet off of his saxophone? How Mexican was this guy?


Exactly. I'm looking over They, they went into the floor in the wall behind him. Did your bullet hit the string of bullets that he had crossing over his nose and then the one that was smoking from the hole in his 10 gallon hat. Wow. My goodness. He was in the hospital for a month. 'cause when I hit the shoulder, that's actually what almost killed him. I hit an artery. Nice. And he had to have several sh he had to have stretch several surgeries and he still doesn't have full use of his arm, which he blames on me. So he is been looking to kill me since then. Oh wow. Bueno. No bueno at all.


Do you know what he does for work? Is he the old, he's Disabled, Right? Is he a citizen? Is he a legal citizen? I Enabled him to collect a check from the government for the rest of his life. Really? Isn't that interesting? That's cool. If an illegal immigrant committing an illegal crime gets shot by a legal American, they automatically get money forever. No, he actually is from here. Oh, well in that case, huh? God damnit. We'll see about that. I'm gonna talk to my friends in the administration. I would appreciate that. Absolutely. Is it his right arm?


His favorite hand. Wow. So that's, so you like live life constantly looking over your shoulder. That's chill. Pretty much. Yeah. The first time I did a show, they wanted to promote it and I was so used to being in hiding. Like, I talked to my therapist and I was like, what do you think I should do? Like, if I'm gonna be in this and take it seriously, I'm gonna have to promote. What do I do? And she goes, I don't think you're ever gonna feel safe anywhere. So I, I told the promoter, I was like, go ahead. And then I told them, I was like, well you know what? If he's gonna kill me, he's gonna have to make a big show of it. You know? Yeah. Like I, I am real good at seeing if somebody's tailing me or anything. Right. So I've never wished more that I had a laser pointer to just quietly start like putting All over Dude, dude, dude, Revenge is a beach.


The good news is You should have killed me. Bitch. I still got one good arm. You fucking whore. They went right through my skinny body. Have you thought about like having A stage name or not wearing your glasses or Something like that? Yeah. That'll really throw 'em off. Red band. We, we talked about, hey, I would kill you, but I don't think it's the right beach. Dude. We talked about it like the first time I signed up for an open mic, I put TBD like to be determined. And I was like, say to Beatty like it's foreign. And people thought I was really cute. They wanted me to keep it. But then I was like, I'm also a writer and I've already been published under Sharon Ruth Hensley.


And everybody was like, just for professional purposes. You just need to streamline it and have both. Do you think maybe we should get a dog instead of all those cats? I travel too much. You don't have cats, right? No, but it's amazing 'cause you seem like you do. No, but instead you fucking kick cats. My my last dog was a Rottweiler German Shepherd mix. Oh, Oh, so You hate Jews. Yeah. That treks Incredible. Boy. You cannot judge a book by its cover here in Texas because you seem like you would just be one of the worst people. It's incredible. Wait, let's see what we, red band is a good point.


We wanna see you seem like you could be one of those secret hot chicks. Look out there. And would you mind taking off your glasses and kind of like fooling your hair like that real quick, just out of our own curiosity. Can you look that way? And Whoa. Whoa. I think I have a 3 57 in my pants. Now we've come full circle here. Are you circumcised? What? Jesus. I'm kidding lady. I prefer uncircumcised because they're really good at doing my favorite thing ever. Like an excellent Your favorite? What? My favorite thing ever. An excellent impersonation of those tubes filled with water and glitter and stuff.


You know, like now you see it, now you don't, now You see it pay. No you don't fist. Yeah, I got it Now. Finish the next book. I love an uncircumcised penis. You have the thickest white accent I've ever heard. It's literally I can't understand you. I know like my whole life people are always like, where are you from? They always think I'm from up north. Yeah. It seems like it. You do. You seem like a wacky Canadian. I Don't know what happens. She doesn't do a lot of talking. She lets the get home. Yeah. All right. Well Sharon Ruth Hensley, any relation to Hunter Hurst? No. Oh, I know, but I do love wrestling. Absolutely. The interview while absolutely incredible.


You know the set was that set. You are leaving here. Don't kill me with a little joke book. Is that a gasp from you guys? You want me to give her a big joke book? Yeah. Alright. Okay. Jesus. I've never heard the whole audience go Aw. At once like that. This is a true democracy here in America. There's a big joke book for you. You catch like a cat lady. I never said I was sporty. You're killing it lady. You're killing it. I'm sure some open micer is gonna bang the hell outta you tonight. Someone's blowing the dust off of that librarian pussy tonight. I can tell. Find me on Facebook, Sir.


All right, Sharon, relax. There you go. All right. Facebook. Facebook. That Mexican, that Mexican should have thrown her a book. You would've had the higher ground. Yeah. You know she has a secret only Fans. Yeah. That is a, that is a wild lady. You can tell she has like a, a sex swing at her place. That's like a kinky, kinky old lady. You guys having fun out there? We just met a cat lady that's secretly a killer. Anything can happen here. Mixed. Most of your next comedian Benny Boy. Everybody. Benny boy. That's a new name here. Here we go.


Oh, we know Benny boy. All right, here he is. Hello. How you doing? Alright, I'm back. I'm not Nick. I'm back. Anyway, I, I smoked a lot of pot in the eighties and seventies, maybe eighties and nineties now. I don't care what the fucking temperature is. I'd get so high it would take me an hour and a half to watch. 60 minutes.


I did some coke. I washed it in seven minutes flat. What the fuck? Motherfucker That Amal nitrate. I thought it was anal nitrate. I've been putting that shit up my ass. No wonder I didn't get high. Yeah. Shit. I, I being, I KILL TONY. I got some, some work. I went to Tijuana. I was big down. I was big down there. They said Benjamin gr pen grande. It means big funny man in Spanish. They, Tony, me, pen Grande Benjamin Grill. It was me.


Alright. Benny boy, I think I, I think I just decided to stop smoking pots. Yeah. This guy, this guy shot a Mexican. Yeah. No doubt about it. This is BILL MAHER. Benny boy. You ever meet Bill Maher before? Bill Maher? Yeah. No real time. BILL MAHER? No club random, No Likes black hookers? Never heard of you. Never heard of you. Okay. Are you wearing your own merch? BILL MAHER? Aren't you like a, a left wing? Okay. Okay. Scram. This is wild that we've had two bucket pools in a row that were both part of the Manson family.


This is Absolutely Incredible. He had to clean that Up, huh? It's a real reunion here. This guy definitely plays guitar to a corpse. Just changes her clothes every day. Benny, is that, is that always been what you've gone by on the show? Why does Benny Boy feel like a new name to me? Because I, it's the first time I used it. I usually use my, my regular name. Why are you going by a new name? It Seems A little bit late for a Career. Change. Change. I just do His voice, man. Just to mix it up. Okay. Yeah. Just Mixing. And I thought you might see my name and go, oh, now that fucking guy again.


And you, I just pull names out of the bucket. I don't you don't do that shit. I, Yeah. The only way to mess it up is by having it be ineligible. Oh Yeah. Which means I can't read it. Yeah. Which most likely means they're mentally ill. Bill. Why Tony? He's like, you're like a magician. You, you pull, you make terrible comedians disappear. It is wild. They're fortune cookies. Yeah. Confucius. Benny, tell us, what have we not talked about? We, you've been on the show before just to catch Bill Maher. Yeah. BIG JAY OAKERSON up. And you famously, at one point in your life were friends with Richard Ramirez, the Night Stalker.


Well, I wasn't, You call him Richie, right? Yeah. Well that, that's, that was his name. So, Yeah. Yep. Hence, hence the Richie. That's True, by the way. That's real. He used to kick it with Richie, but I wasn't friends with him. He, we just had the same heroin dealer. It's not like I hung around with him and ate cereal with him. Right. But that would be weird. Eating cereal with a serial killer. That's what, that's what buddies do. You know, Buddies eat cereal. Pass the fruit loops. Richie, If you had cereal money and milk money, you were getting heroin. Yeah. You guys were heroin buddies.


Yeah. You didn't do anything gay, like eat cereal together. Oh, no, no, no, no. You gotta be gay to do that shit. Did You ever share? Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So did you ever share a needle with him? Oh no. No. This was the eighties. You didn't share needles with anybody in there, Right. At that? Yeah. AIDS was rampant. Did You ever Used to be a felony? Come to Murder people with him? What? Did you ever go and like, could attack people and murder with him? No. Ne I I who ever asked n never saw him Actually out of that, that room. My, my dope dealer's room, he lived across the hall, had a pentagram on his floor.


Usually Heroin screws their brain. But you got away scot free. It's a Oh yeah, I did. You said there was a pen grip on the floor too. Like it was like Yeah, that was kind of weird, I guess because there was a bloodletting. But Benny boy, tell us something about your life that you've never told us before. You have always been a great interviewee. Well, I got another story for you. Here we Go. Okay. You, you wanna hear about the time I stole a guy's TV while he got up to make a sandwich during a commercial. He stole his TV when he, yes. Can we get proper lighting for this pinot?


He's a great story. It was a long time ago. I don't do that shit anymore unless I need a tv. That is, yeah. It was in San Luis Obispo. I better not say the name of that. The guy might still be alive and you who knows. He ain't coming for his tv. That's right. Yeah. There's a lady that's gonna be murdered by a Mexican with one arm before this guy comes through his tv. Just go ahead, tell the story, Benny. Okay. So I just moved into this, this guest house behind my art teacher's house. This is back in the seventies. And I moved in, I had all my furniture in there, sat down on my sofa and I realized, shit Johnny Carson's gonna be on tonight in about half hour.


And Richard Pryor was on that night. I remember distinctly who was, happened to be my, my favorite comedians. And I said, I don't have a fucking tv. It's 11 o'clock. The news is on 30 minutes. Carson's on. I don't wanna miss the monologue. I'm going, where the fuck am I gonna get a TV at 11 o'clock at night? I said, I better get my pickup truck and go peruse the neighborhood.


So I did driving down the street not too far from my house, and I see a big picture window. And in the picture window is this beautiful color tv. Back then, they weren't all color this one was. So I kind of said, oh shit, there's, there's a TV right there. So I pulled my truck down a few houses down ways. 'cause I assumed I'm gonna be running outta this house with a tv. And I didn't want them to get my license plate. I didn't have time to steal a car.


Plus I hadn't done that in a few years. And I was a little rusty. So I packed my truck and I did my best cat burglar routine. Crawled up to this guy's picture window, looked inside and there's this dude sitting on the couch watching the news. I'm like, oh shit. Someone's home. Wasn't used to going in houses when someone was home. They usually waited till they left. But right next to the TV was a screen door. It was summertime.


So the door was open, but the screen was closed. And I'm saying to myself, the TV is right there, right next to the door. If I go around the back, I could just grab that TV and leave. But the fucking guy's there. Next thing I know, guy gets up, he goes up these stairs and he is in this little, in his kitchen. He opens the refrigerator and he starts pulling out mustard and ham and cheese. I'm like, this fucking guy's making a sandwich.


Hmm. It's gonna take him a few minutes to make that sandwich. Right? You can't make it. Only take me a few minutes to get that tv. So he is making his sandwich. His back was to me. I could see him up there, the TV's there, the door's there. Then he goes in the back somewhere. I assumed to the bathroom or something, which was even better. It's like, oh man. I said, I gotta do this. So I run around the back of the house, I open the screen door very gingerly like, and I push that little thing, you know, to keep the pump from the door from shutting there.


What do you call that Bill? Would you have to Door stop. Do door stop. Who said that? What Guy's? A genius it a door stop. Door stop. Che. Yeah. It's a story. Stop. I kept the door open. Keep going Benny. Keep going. You have pure momentum. And the T the the TV was right there. I opened the door. The tv, I just had to take like literally one step. This wasn't a flat screen tv. These were heavy fucking TVs. This thing was way heavier than I expected.


And as you can see, I'm a skinny runt. My rap name is Skinny Bastard. Anyway, I grabbed the TV and immediately I went, ah, this thing's too fucking heavy. I'm not gonna be able to make it back to my truck. And the guy's still not there. So I'm outside now his, his door and I look in the back and there's a cinder block wall and there's a shed up against the wall and there's a ladder right there up against the shed. And I figured, okay, it's easier for me to get to that wall than it is to get to my truck. So I brought the TV back to the shed, climbed the ladder, I put the TV on the roof of the shed, which was right up against the cinder block wall.


And there's an alley that goes behind this. All the houses where the garbage trucks go. I have a black hooker waiting. Let's, Let's go. So I put the TV up there, Sick Eddie sick, Put the TV up there. As I'm walking back, I look in there and the guy's back to making the sandwich.


I see his elbows and stuff. I'm going, okay, he's, he's cool. So I go back to my truck, get in my truck, I come all the way around Army two black hookers, Get Going, go down the alley, stop my truck. I climb in the back of the, the bed of the truck so I could reach the TV from the roof of the shed. Got the tv, put it in the bed of the truck and put a little tarp over it just in case I got stopped. Which I didn't. I drive around the alley, I go around the corner. Now I'm going up the street where the guy lives. To my amazement, there's already a cop car there.


Police car was there already. So there's two cops and the guy on the front lawn and all three of them were scratching their heads. And I can only assume they're going. So what the fuck happened? I got up to make a sandwich, come back and my fucking TV's gone. Wow. That was it. Absolutely incredible. Did you make it back in time to plug in the TV and catch the episode of Johnny Carson? Perfect timing. This is fucking great.


Incredible. I couldn't have planned it. Been Incredible. Okay. That's our show next week when my guests are Benjamin Netanyahu and the Tua girl. That was a long story. That was a very long story. You gotta be honest. He's got a lot of family that's still worried about him a lot. Benny. Boy it boggles my mind your ability to tell stories in the interview portion of this show. Yeah, well I'm old. I got a lot of shit. Yeah, Well a Lot.


You just gotta keep signing up and do it again. I sign up every fucking week. Alright. Yeah. This is it. This is your odds. Everything makes sense. You get pulled once of every few show. So it's nothing personal. What are you crazy? It's a bucket full of names. It's psychopath. You just Said what are you crazy? That's yeah. I thought you might see my name. Go, oh, that's fucking Guinea again. And throw it away. You The fucking what again? What did you say Out about you Guinea? Did you call yourself a Guinea? Yeah. You should do a podcast By the way. Yeah. With all these stories and shit. Like of all the people that should have a podcast. You should, Yeah. Yeah. I would love to do a podcast, but I'm not as smart as I look.


It's perfect. Benny. We love you. You already have a big joke book, right? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. You got one? Don't try to steal one from me here. I'm not making a fucking sandwich. I saw What, I saw you at the Secret show and I said I need another big book. Maiden was full. And you said to Yoni, get him another book. Did we get you another book? No. That was Six months ago. Jesus Christ, you're a real con artist. You know that. There he goes, Benny Boy, Ladies and gentlemen onto the next one. We go. We're flying through him tonight. Benny. What? You just told a 15 minute long fucking story. What else could you possibly want? Last time I'm was here, I have a lady that I'm gonna have shoot you in a second.


Right behind the curtain. Hey, no, remember I'm nonviolent. What? I'm nonviolent. Okay. The last time I was here, Okay Benny, I love you. You gotta go Benny Boy ladies, I'm gonna have security choke you the fuck out. Get outta here. I gotta say go get out. It wasn't the first time I've been thrown out. Beauty Benny. Okay, shut the fuck up. Get outta here. Unbelievable. A throwback due a different time. That was bat Shit. I love it. Oh it was great. It like a totally different show happened for 20 minutes. I can't believe, I can't believe you have Benjamin Netanyahu and the Hawk Tua Girls.


I know. Well you wouldn't. Next week after that. I have Prime Minister Trudeau and Meghan the Stallion. So it gets a whole month of great shows that we have. So it's who Real books do you book it yourself? I Book it myself. You always Book somebody very important and like, you know, and then someone like that's just like a street rat. I, We have Kim Jong-Un and the Cash Me Outside Girl in April. If you wanted tune into that, who else do we have? Bill, mark, King Charles and the Burger King mascots. We got a lot of great people coming up real time with Bill Mar Kyle Dunnigan dot com is what BILL MAHER is promoting tonight.


No idea. Whew. Oh man, that is


hilarious. Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Via folks. Life moves fast and sometimes you just need a way to relax, recharge, or stay focused without making things more complicated than they already are. You ever try meditating but then get stressed about how bad you are at meditating? Same. That's why I love Via because they actually make feeling good, easy. Half a million customers can't be wrong. Via is changing the game in natural wellness. Combining high quality hemp derived ingredients with powerful cannabinoids to create real, effective, driven results. Not just fancy packaging and empty promises. One better sleep, more focus, a little boost in the bedroom. Or maybe you just need to chill out because your stress levels are currently at screaming into the void status. Whatever you need via has a solution for you. Red band Tony I love Via they are making some of the best hemp and THC products out there. Here's the best part. Via lets you customize your experience, whether you're looking for daily wellness, laser focused or deep wrap relaxation. AKA, the kind of chill that makes you one with the couch via has it With products ranging from zero to high cannabinoid levels. They've got options for everyone. We're talking award-winning effect, forward gummies premium indoor grown, THCA flour and calming drops all made with organic lab tested hemp from trusted independent American farms. None of that gas station nonsense. And you don't have to jump through hoops or get some weird doctor's note via Legally Ships nationwide discreetly because let's be real, you don't want your nosy neighbors knowing your business. No medical card required, no sketchy parking lot meetups just straight to your door with a worry free guarantee. Not sure where to start. No worries. Via has a product finder quiz that will hook you up with a perfect match in less than 60 seconds, which let's be honest, is less time than it takes to decide what to watch on Netflix. So if you're 21 and over, treat yourself to 15% off and get a free gift with your first order using our exclusive code tony@viahemp.com. Plus enjoy free shipping on orders over $100. That's VIIa i a hemp.com. If you're 21 or over, check out the link to Via in our description and use the code Tony to receive 15% off and free shipping on orders over a hundred dollars. And if you're new to vy, get a free gift of your choice after you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your every day with Via


Make your next move with American Express Business Platinum. You'll get five times membership rewards points on flights and prepaid hotels booked on Amex travel.com. Plus enjoy access to the American Express Global Lounge collection. And with the welcome offer of 150,000 points, your business can soar to all new heights. Terms apply. Learn more at american express.com/business-platinum. Amex Business Platinum. Built for business by American Express.


Alright, your next comedian. We still having fun out there? Yeah, Not everybody's just old people with crazy stories out of this bucket tonight. There's no way. Make some noise for your next comedian. It's Marvin, Izzy, everybody. Marvin Izzy. This is dope. Yo, I'm having a good time, yo. Happy to be here man. I'm really happy to be here. Yo. 'cause tonight's normally tonight when me and my wife, we do this thing called Netflix and show y'all heard of that? Where she watches Netflix and I have to go to her somewhere else. Kidding me, I love my wife. Yo. I have to. She makes more money than me.


I realize I'm the housewife. I noticed this the other night when I resigning her work clothes, which is messed up because she work from home. I need a new weed dealer. Man. Last time I hit my weed dealer up was voice text. I say, yo, you on deck. And I sent it. I ain't know my phone heard. Yo, you on dick. So he still serves me weed now. He just don't give me eye contact no more. Man. I need, we for like, you know, tolerate work, man. Like I can't stand jobs, yo. Like I don't participate in work functions like secret Santas. 'cause I always end up drawing the coworker I don't like, which is all of 'em.


One time I drew the manager, I ain't know what to get 'em for Secret Santa. So I got him the best gift. I thought I could give him my two weeks notice. I'm Marvin Izzy. Okay, all Marvin. Izzy. Marvin, welcome. What do you do for work? I'm gonna be an operations clerk starting this Monday. Operations clerk starting this Monday. What, what have you been doing up until this point? And this is this Monday, by the way. You were supposed to start today. It's Monday night now. I think you missed your ship.


Right? All right, so I'm unemployed now. I meant to say I start next Monday. Okay. Yeah. And what are you, what are you, where are you on operations clerk at? That is a professional title, but you didn't tell us where you work. It's a manufacturing company that made me sign an NDA. So I can't say where they at. Okay. Yeah. Sorry, I, that's what I'm limited at and I just need to start this Job so absolutely. Ever get shot in the shoulder. Your right arm is hanging low. It does look limp. Something's goofy over there, but Okay. You do have the energy with the audience of like, look, I'm just trying to get my life together.


My wife had a kid while I was in prison. Yeah, you, I'm just trying to do the right thing in life. And if you don't laugh, I'm gonna go back to murdering whites. Not just whites. Nice. Like Nice. That ponytail is so tight back. It is incredible. You're Puerto Rican. Yes sir. Absolutely, absolutely incredible. There is a certain amount of absolute pain that they put themselves through. Hell yeah. Before you leave the house, Stretch out the forehead, you know? Yep. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely incredible. What do you think is the most Puerto Rican thing about you, like in your daily routines and whatnot?


Is this shit? Believe it or not, I'm watered down, bro. I'm not as Puerto Rican as Puerto Rican should be. Real shit. When you say watered down, does that mean what your're I don't eat rice and beans. I don't fucking, I don't How many Kids do you have? One. Okay. Wow. Incredible. But, but I did have when I was 18, so I still got, you know's, I gotta meet you. I gotta meet the standards of some way, you know? And do you Live with her? Well no. She in college now. There It is. There it is. Very Puerto Rican. Yeah, absolutely. Who has the tighter ponytail? You or her? Me. There you go. Nice. Yeah, You're saying that hers is loose. I hope that's the only thing.


That's right. Doge needs to get in control of your gel budget. I've had too much of this. It's Okay. You better get it together, BILL MAHER. Because next week on your show you have Vladimir Putin and Benny. Boy, I'm getting worse. That's right. Please. Thanks for blogging that, By the way. I was hoping Too much fun. This is too much fun. Marvin. Izzy, what's something crazy we'd be surprised to know about you? I suffered a heart attack a year ago. Oh my God. How did that happen? I was on a red band diet.


Look at red band cocaine and Wendy's. I was trying to get on the Big J diet, but I just, you know. So what, What were you really doing? Tell us about it. What does That mean? No, I mean, it was just unhealthy eatings, you know, like what, What, what, what fast Foods. Just fucking Popeye's, McDonald's, burger Kings fucking see the thumbs up. The redband diet. You see what I mean? Do You ever do any cardio? That's generic. Nah, nah. I ain't really do. No, I really didn't take care of myself. It adds Up. How old are you? I'm 39. Jesus. You had a heart attack at 38? Yes sir. And where did this happen? How did this happen? Take us through the steps. Your right. Your right. All right. So We'll Start your right, your right arm goes a little numb. Nah, real shit. Now you fucking with me. I did my, I do.


My shoulder does hurt, but I ain't know it was like slouching and shit. Like, damn. You got me on that. You ever spend any time in San Antonio? No. Never been there. Never been there. I don't know. Okay, Now, so take us there. Roaster I came to visit, you know was Crash visit Where I came to visit Austin for my first time, like a year ago was crashing with David Jolly. And then I came back home like, yeah, of course. And then like two weeks later I had the heart attack. Yeah.


And then as soon as I got discharged from the hospital, like the heart attack happened in my house. So like, I felt weird in the chest. And then it was just like this, this don't feel right. And I went to go get some fresh air and then everything started spinning on me immediately. I was like, all right, we're going to the hospital. By the time I tried to get a a sweater, 'cause hospitals are cold. Wow. So I tried to get a sweater immediately. There was a complete detachment from my brain and my body that I was just like, no, call 9 1 1. And they came and picked me up, but they didn't believe that I was having a heart attack. They just thought I was ODing on cocaine. Right. Were you? No. Again, no.


Hang on. Nah, As a fact guy. Are you blaming the wrong thing here? Is this a little Not real Shit, I never did cocaine in my life. I'm a major pothead, but I never did coke. Not real Shit. Well, I would've assumed you were ODing on cocaine as well. But ODing on cocaine and a heart attack are almost essentially kind of the same thing, right? Yeah, pretty much. But the thing that concerned them was, was I wasn't like hypertension or anything, like I'm having this heart attack, but I had low blood pressure, so they wasn't taking my, my heart attack serious at all. So how long until they took you to the hospital? Were they Well, it was, it was pretty fast. Right? Like, they got me there within like 15 minutes, you know, so, And the doctor's like, it's a heart attack.


No, they was observing and try to rule out everything first. I like the energy of it was like, this guy thinks he's having a heart Attack, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they ain't take it seriously. Like at some point, you know, they was just looking like, how much cocaine have you done? And I'm like, you know my, my name's not Tony HINCHCLIFFE. That's fire. Whoa. Oh, Here we go. Oh, you got me. Anyway, that's Wax never tried it before, but I guess that's a thing. I'm a gay cokehead. Nah, but after some point they had to just rule it in and was like, yeah, you having a heart attack. So they admitted me and they ran a procedure where they placed a stent in my artery.


'cause it was the LAD artery, which is known as the widowmaker. So I'm not supposed to be standing here. Wow. Yeah. Wow. They ran it through my wrist, which I'm happy because it, they said if they can't run it through your wrist, they run it through your nuts. And I was like, well, I have two wrists and two balls. Let's, let's just try each wrist first. Okay. Yeah. And I'm here to tell y'all about that. So, okay. Big ups. Congratulations. That is a fun fact. That is the laugh of Fiona Cauley that Jon Deas has saved on his keyboard. Jon Deas has some of his own son. Hit it again. John. That is the great Fiona Cauley golden ticket winner out of Nashville, Tennessee.


Okay. Marvin, you, you've been on the show before, right? Last week in that turbo round. Okay. That shit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, congratulations. You got your interview in. You got pulled out of the bucket. There he goes. You got a little joke Book. I ain't get nothing. Here you go, my friend. Hey, Why not Marvin, Izzy. Alright, we're flying through it. Ladies and gentlemen. Make some noise for Chris Cabral. Everybody. Chris Cabral or Chris Cabal, perhaps. Oh, All right. Do y'all know I've, I'm in the Guinness Book of World Records.


Y'all know this? Yeah. That's pretty cool. World's longest infant penis. Thank you. Thank you. I'm very proud of that. Very proud of that. In fact, the doctors wrote in, they hand wrote in my medical records, it says, wow. We thought it was a baby Anaconda. Yeah. I, I've, I very proud of my, my records. In fact, I had my record for about one day, only one day. Yeah. As it turns out, they measured the umbilical cord instead of my penis. So yeah, it was kind of embarrassing there. But, but yeah. So that's my, that's my one minute. Thank you. Alright.


Wow. 42 seconds from Chris Gabriel talking about his tiny penis. Yes. Tiny, tiny. Hello Chris. Welcome. Hello. How long have you been trying standup comedy out? Three years. Three Years. Three years. Where at? Where? Charlottesville, Virginia. Okay. Yeah. Alright. That is one of the saddest things that's ever happened in Charlottesville, Virginia. A true tragedy, Man. That's brutal. That's all right. Oh, you got me. Yeah. Chris, how long have you been a retired police officer for? You have been like, I have been a police officer. I have been way back in the day.


What? You just stepped on a joke and what? I'm sorry. Nope, nope. Just go ahead. Answer The question. No. Yeah, I, I was a, I'm, I'm a park ranger in my civilian life. But what did you say originally I used to do law enforcement in the park Ranger world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Big J what did you say? I forget. Sorry. Chris Cabral just out here swinging that baby penis around. So what does that mean? Law enforcement as a park ranger. What were you doing exactly? Were you resting? Squirrel? Yeah. Yeah. That little spit Out the nut.


Gimme that fucking acorn. Yeah. Typical law enforcement stuff, but mainly people vandalizing things and kind of doing all that type of stuff. But now I do education for the parks. Yeah. Speaking of squirrels, next week on Bill Marsh Show, he has President Zelensky. That's correct. One of the squirrels that he arrested. One of the Squirrels. Yes. Alright. It's a packed show. This should be a good show. I can't get enough of these. BILL MAHER bookings. Chris, there has been something that's been happening tonight. I'm gonna catch you up because the bucket pools are brought over here and kind of get to hear what's happening right before they come up. There's been a theme tonight with Eve Ellen.


Nope. Sharon Ruth Hensley older lady kind of had a rough set and then an unbelievable interview. Benny boy, mediocre set game changing interview a story that would win a fucking Oscar if podcasts had awards. Okay. Now what I want you to do here, Yes sir. Is I want you to think in your head of something of your entire life. How old are you? How old do you think I am? No, no, No, no, no. Don't ask Faggy questions like that. Stick with me here. Just look at me. 55. Five Five. Okay. Five. Five. Very good.


Stick with me here. I want you to focus, 'cause this could be golden. We could go three for three with unfunny old sets having unbelievable interviews. If this goes how I think it can go, you're gonna come outta here feeling good. If it continues to go how you've been letting it go, you're gonna go, what the fuck was that? This is your moment. This is your moment. My moment. You have 55 years to reflect on a story or a moment or something interesting about you that is going to change this fucking vibe, this moment that we're in right now. It's all come to this, it's your life. I need you to reflect in your head.


Let me give you an example. Okay. Sharon Ruth Hensley, a, a woman who appeared to own all of the cats. Turns out is a gun toting hillbilly, a Texan through and through. Even though she looked like she voted for Kamala eight times in eight different states. Turns out she shoots people that try to invade her house with a 3 57 Magnum hollow point. Bullets that blast through marathon runners who are currently tracking her down right now. Sweet little Benny boy comes up with some old timey jokes. Fucking it takes me seven hours to watch 60 minutes.


Next thing you know, him and the band fucking jamming up here talking about a guy making a little mustard sandwich, stealing his tv, a heavy TV so heavy that he had to taking up on a ladder on his shed, driving his car around. And that was fucking crazy. That was definitely the scenic route to his truck. It's unbelievable. Fucking wild. It's unbelievable. Wouldn't even make sense in any other universe other than KILL TONY. So now Chris Cabral Cabral. Chris Cabral. Yeah. Now is that moment. John, if you can gimme a little something lighting if you gimme a little something. This is your moment, Chris.


Tell us 55 years to reflect on, tell us something that would bogle our fucking minds that you've seen or been part of in your life. Now this is Chris Coverall. We vamped for so long to give you time to think. And now this. That was a long time. This is that moment. Yeah. Starting now. This is Chris Cabral. All right. I like the music there. Don't acknowledge anything. Just with the Fuck story. I was mugged. Oh, I was mugged by a 2-year-old. Okay. Yeah. And that is true. That's a true story. Okay, now tell us the story Chris. I was a on the US National Luge team. Y'all know luge, Stop asking the audience for their approval.


I can't believe. Three years. And you've learned nothing about the art form. Chris, just focus in on the story. Don't, don't acknowledge the odd, pretend like you're just crushing. Stare straight out there. Alright. I was in Moscow, Russia and a little kid latched onto my leg. And this turned out to be a big, it was a big deal. As I'm trying to get the kid off, I had a teammate with me. He would not leave. There's like zero degrees in Russia. I'm grabbing his head trying to pull it back. He's going, He just kept on. He wouldn't let go. The kid wouldn't let go. I was with a buddy of mine, a teammate. The mom came out, grabbed my teammate and I'm still struggling with the kid.


He wouldn't let go. And his little snot was run down it. It was crazy. And, and, and I remember I was pulling his head back and he is going, no, no. And I finally shoved the little baby on the ground. I may have kicked him a little bit too. Shoved him and my friend threw the mom into a snowbank. 'cause it was the middle of winter. It's a winter sport. And we ran, we ran from the baby and we ran down the street in Moscow. And we pounded on the bus to get in, turn around and we get in the bus and the baby was chasing us. We didn't know this. He was stopped. And he was, he stopped crying and then he latched onto another leg. So that was my getting mugged by a baby. Well, two for three tonight isn't, isn't that bad?


It's a good story. It's A good story. That was 76% lie. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty wild. The good news, Ronald Reagan and the baby from that story are on BILL MAHER next month. Okay. Alright. Not bad. I Love the plugs. Thank you Tony Baby. An unbelievably bad story. Chris, you basically assaulted a 2-year-old and threw a Russian woman into a snow bank. Yes, that is true. I love it. True. I love it. True. Chris, what are we missing about you? Anything else before I let you go? I'm here in Texas. I'm a reservist in the Air Force and I'm retiring, which is cool. Yeah. Okay.


What did, what have you done in the Air Force? You ever serve overseas or anything? Yes. Other than, other than beating up children. One person in the universe was excited to meet somebody on the luge team. And instead of embracing that moment of like, well this is beautiful, he shoved the kid down and they, for no reason at all, brought the mother to watch and then threw her, if I'm understanding correctly. Yeah. And then threw her into the snow. He was like, fuck you, you dumb bitch. That's what you get for Yeah. We're USA luge. Yeah. Like, fuck you, fuck you. You're stupid baby.


Yeah. USA luge. It is incredible. Your perspective is amazing. Big J, you've seen what I was, I completely missed this. The kid was was looking up to you. He's like, oh my God. And he's like, get the fuck this kid off me. Oh my God. If I had a dime for every goddamn kid who wants to be my child? Because I'm just like a luge guy coming through town, man. Okay. I'm like anybody else. You snooze. You luge Chris Cabral. Here's a little joke book. We're gonna keep it moving along. You gonna catch this? Sure. There you go. Chris Cabral everybody. Thank you. Alright. Your final bucket. Pool of the night everybody. It's been a hell of a show.


Make some noise for Jette. Zeer. Jarret Zeller. Everybody. Jarret Zeller. Here we go. Oh. Oh, look out. Here he is. Make some noise for Jar Zeller. Everybody. Dick, Dick. Wait a second. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Well and you play that when he's up here. It was the Outro. No, no. That's not how it works. That's intro. Outro is when they're leaving. Intro is when the next person comes up, we're gonna give this guy a fresh start. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Jar Zeller.


One more time for Jared Zeller everybody. Thank you. So I've been thinking a lot about what Kamala Harris would sound like if she was a guy. So I have an impression of Kamala Harris. If she was a guy, please be a good crowd. Please be a good crowd. Hey shit man. Hey man, you know me man. Hey man. Hey man. So you know I was walking to the store, man. Just gimme some Valentine's Day gifts from my boo thing. Dougie Doug. Man, you know Doug, man, you know my boo man and shit, man. Not a fuck man.


Shit. No. But like I'm looking for some flowers and shit, man. Some chocolate. And then I pull up to the dude, right. With my chocolates and my flowers and shit, man, you know, smelling all good and shit, man. And I pull up to the dude, right? And the dude, he was like, alright, bet that'll be $50. I was like $50. Hey yo, what the fuck? Here's an impression of my, the voice in my head when my jokes don't land the way I want them to. Now. Now are you sunny?


Thank you. Alright. It, it was bad and awesome at the same time. There's something, it was bad, but there's something weirdly hilarious about you. I love that you blame them. I know, I understand. You're great guys. That Was like a fever drink. Yeah. This is what Benny Boy was like when he was younger or something. Your act is like women over 30. Not for me. But you got that. You do have that one. I think you should keep going. He's also dressed very sharp and at the same, same time. Looks like a figment of an imagination.


Yeah. Like someone's imaginary friend. Yeah, it is incredible. You have a very odd charisma to you. Jarret Zeller. Oh, thanks Tony. You're welcome. You're welcome. You seem a little twitchy, a little high energy. Are you on like Adderall or something? No, just, just vibes like this. Just vibes. Yeah, Just vibes. Alright. How long have you been visiting from California? Damn bro. I'm like actually a Texas shit. That's crazy. Okay. Yeah. But my mom wants to associate herself with being from California, even though she's not. So like I, yeah, I get that I guess. All right. That was a little deep. Does your mom live in California? No. She just likes to visit a lot.


And you visited there a lot? She took me along, yeah. Right. Yeah. There it is. And you thought it was gnarly? Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Jart, how old are you? I'm 27. How Long have you been attempting standup comedy? Two years. Two years? Where have you been doing that? At DFW area and College Station. Bryan, Dallas, Fort Worth, and College Station. We know it very well. And how often do you make it down to Austin, Texas? This is my second time in Austin at all right. What was the other time With my mom?


She took me Face the crowd. You, you're slowly turning around completely. You just made direct eye contact with the drummer there. I'm gonna help you out. When you get nervous, you spin around in 180 degrees. Your mom took you to Austin once. What did you She Took me to the domain. I, we stayed by the domain. Wow. You came to the Austin to go to the worst place in the city. That is incredible. Did your mom do Real estate or something like that? What does she do? Yeah, she does. Oh my God. Red band. Red band. That Was fantastic. Red band. That was pretty good. Red band on fire right now he is on fire.


Okay, jar. So this is absolutely incredible. 27. You've been doing it for two years. Is that your best minute or is that your newest minute? Dude, man, I, I've wa I feel like I know where this is gonna go man. Where do you think this is gonna go? Face the crowd man. Well face the crowd. Jerry, you're spinning around against Listen, Tony. Alright. I've never seen anything like it before. You're like some type of like, like one of those. What's the thing that you, that's in the middle of like a dinner table. What's that called? Lance? Nancy. Susan, a lazy Susan. Jared Zeller has the stage presence of a lazy Susan.


Is your mother's name Susan by chance? Ah, no. We're Nancy, man. It's fucking close. So it is. That's yeah. Chloe. No, Stacy. Yeah. Stay with Stay with the S. Stay with the S. Yeah, but I'm not gonna, you know, it's okay. You don't need to throw your mom under the bus. Thank God. Sure Babe. You're very close with your mother, aren't you? Yeah. You still live with her? No, I just recently moved out. This Is your first time living on your own. Second Time. What happened the first time? The first time I had to move back in with my parents because I hit an 18 wheeler on a motorcycle with no helmet. You were in the motorcycle? I was on it, yeah. And you had no helmet on.


Yeah. This Is all starting to make sense. Yes. Were you twitchy and kind of jittery before that? Dude actually, I mean, yeah. Okay. But maybe it's more now. Yeah, It is. Yeah. It has to be. It has to be. That was like coming out of a St. Stupor when you said that. I was hit by an 18 wheeler, a motorcycle. Oh, all right. You're doing great. Then. Were you going down the freeway at some point and perhaps got a little nervous and turned around and started going the other way? Head on to traffic. I don't know dude. It was honestly, I don't remember. So like, that makes sense.


Yeah. That's nice. Yep. But Extreme head trauma. That Makes sense. Yeah. So, okay, so Jarret and you hit an 18 wheeler, so you had to go back li with your parents, Right? Yeah, because I had the neck brace and the crutches, like I had to learn how to walk again. So they had to like, you know, help me. Okay. I had the shower chair, but you know, all that stuff. Damn. All right's it. Yeah. Okay. You're good looking. No one good feels bad for You, man. I know. I'm getting, I'm I'm feeling it, man. You dress well. You have good, good stuff going on. What's your, you have a good love life. That's a no. Yeah, definitely not. No. Yeah. You Dress well, but you're, you're one unbuttoned from douche bag, but you look good.


You also have a Norman Bates relationship with your mother. Yeah. I worry that you can't mother. Is this one good? A no mother? I like this one. What was the mom's name in that? What Was that? Holy shit. Shit. I don't remember the mother Norman Norm. Oh yeah. I forget it is. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. I'm close with my mom, dude. Fuck. I'm, yeah, I don't give a fuck, dude. Okay. All right. Jesus. We get it. We know, we know. She let you wear her pants to the show tonight For Pee. She What do you do for work? I deliver blood from a blood bank to hospitals. Jesus Christ.


Is that, is that it? I feel like they, I don't see what the problem is. I don't Oh, I see. Because I hit a Okay. Ha ha ha. Yeah. All right. All right. I'll get All right. You might have saved that Mexican from earlier. He needed blood. This is so interesting. Jar. I find you to be an interesting, interesting person. I can tell that you're funny. Oh, thank God. I mean, you weren't, you weren't funny. But I can tell that in there is a funny guy. I can tell you have like funny motions and your timing and movement of funny is good. There's something in there. Well, thank you Tony. That's ask To be the, lemme ask you again. If you were, if you were to do your funniest joke that you've written in the two years that you've been doing it, what do you think your go-to would be?


It couldn't possibly be that crazy Kamala Harris impression. No, no, No. That was insane. Yes. That was just a racist impression of a black guy done by an extremely white guy. Yeah. Really? Nothing Kamala Harris related at all. Yeah, exactly. It was like Her lines in that voice. It was just, Yeah, I was waiting for something about a candidacy or politics or something. She's like, And it went too long if he was just like, Hey man, it would it look like, And that was the old impression. Oh, that's funny. But it was like he's gonna, there's gonna be something. Yeah. So like, just notes Noting all of this. I yeah. In, In two years.


I gotta know, what would your, if, if, if, if you know Johnny Carson was here and he is like, I might wanna have you on my show after Richard Pryor on a stolen television tonight. I, all I wanna see is one joke and I'll give you a spot. What would the joke be? Look out at the crowd. You're turning around again. I guess Johnny, it'd be a clean joke. It doesn't have to be clean, but go ahead. Just pretend like you're on KILL TONY. The modern day Johnny Carson and do a Joe. So I don't know why people keep coming up to me and asking. Like, they keep telling me like, Hey, I would never listen to a woman be president.


And I'm like, dude, you listen to a groundhog tell you that there's six more weeks of winner. See how he danced with the music? He, he, there's a funny guy in there. There's a funny guy in there. Do you have funny friends? Do you hang out with funny people? Yeah. Yeah. Dude, I, yeah man, three of 'em sign up tonight. Ro from fucking college station. They're probably, you know, I feel bad that I'm not representing them accurately, but like yeah, they're all, you know, I think you also made it weird when you said he wouldn't listen to a woman be president. Yeah. The sentence was wrong. I don't know man. I'm just thinking like, if I'm dressed, like I clearly listened to my mom a lot.


Like, and that's true. So it was like, okay. Then the irony, I don't know, like I clearly look like I have a terrible black voice and then it's like, Kamala, I thought had a pretty odd black. I don't, I dunno. Both Of those jokes were about a woman. And then you're so you got this weird relationship with your mom. Like it's kind of fucking weird. Yeah, this is, yeah. When's the last time you were in a relationship? It's been, Before we let you go, what's the craziest thing we should know about you, Jared, your entire life? What's something wild?


You've seen this show before. You know how the interview part of this show works, you're in it right now. What do you think would be something you would bring up? Well, I mean that motorcycle accident was pretty fucking crazy. Yeah. I would say what's crazier is the, the pity. The, I thought I was gonna get pity fucked after. And she just laid a missionary and I, and I was in no position to like roll her over. This is, this is your mom? Fiona. Oh, Fiona. Who was this girl? It was a, it was a girl that probably Freud would say reminded me of my mom.


But you know, I, I wouldn't, no, I wouldn't argue. I wouldn't make that argument. No. But she was nice. And then what was crazier? So I I made it. Well, like I made a joke. You go ahead dude. No, Well, so yeah, I was in the neck brace. The doctor said the neck brace stays on during sex. I, well even he said, it just doesn't come off. And I was like, well I really wanted to take it off. 'cause I was like, you know, and so she, she, I thought like I was just gonna lay there and she instead laid there. And so I had to like work. Who Told you you have the gift of gab? This is ridiculous. Storytelling. I have no idea what's happening. His mom, I, His, it's not his mom. I know that.


Every time you talk I have so many more questions. Dude, listen. Hold on a second. No, you listen. You listen to me. You listen to me. So you're hooking up with this chick. You have a neck brace on. Did you not think to go, Hey, do you mind if fucking you get on top? Yeah. I just felt like I couldn't ask any, I felt like I was in no position to like demand or ask anything. I don't know. Were you wearing those pants at the time? It was awkward, man. Yeah, it sucked. So what happened? You were on top and you just there with the neck brace like fucking her.


Yeah. And you like can't look at her 'cause your neck's like that. Yeah. So I'm like staring at the wall and shit or you know, like, well, I'm just like wearing this prison. And so it, it was a lot of work and, and I couldn't feel anything in the, this leg. So like, and it wasn't like I could go to my physical therapist and be like, Hey, you said This was worse than being hit by a truck on a motorcycle. Well dude, yeah, you Guys, you know what's worse than that? And they just said like a weird almost fuck situation. Yeah. You the show almost Over my butt plug just fell out. I don't wanna lose my go. You're right Bill. We're gonna keep it moving. Here's a little joke book for you. Jarret Zeer. Everybody. Jarret Zar.


Alright, I also wanna plug my show. Alright.


Still getting around to that fix on your car, you got this. On eBay, you'll find millions of parts guaranteed to fit. Doesn't matter if it's a major engine repair or your first time swapping your windshield wipers. eBay has that part you need ready to click perfectly into place for changes big and small, loud or quiet. Find all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. But you already know that eBay things people love eligible items only exclusion supply.


This is a message from sponsor Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was getting frustrated by your forms. Now taxes is uploading your forms with a snap and a TurboTax expert will do your taxes for you. One who's backed by the latest tech, which cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy, all of which makes it easy for you to get the most money back guaranteed. Get an expert now@turbotax.com only available with TurboTax Live full service. Seek guaranteed details at turbotax.com/guarantees.


Okay, we've come to that time Ladies and gentlemen, and you are in for a very special treat. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. Here to close tonight's show I present to you Ladies and gentlemen. The one and only. This is Cam Patterson. Everybody. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. He just did a fucked up impression of me that pissed me the fuck off. How you gonna beat me before I go up?


You dirty bitch. That made me angry as shit. Come on and say what the fuck I I'm doing it right now if you can tell. That's my voice, bitch. It's good though. You know what's funny? I'm, I, I feel, I feel good doing comedy Dog because I feel like I'm inspiring young black men to do better in life. Dog. That's not funny, bitch. That's good. I am like, I was walking down the street that day, a dude came up to me said, but you understand something bro. Like seeing your ass do stand up and shit. Like cutting out the trenches black. Let me wanna change my life. Like real shit dog. Like yesterday was my last day ever selling throat. And I was like, that's beautiful. Do hell Yeah. What do you do now? And he was like, I just do security and logistics.


And I was like, what the fuck does that mean? And he said, nigga, I'm a pimp. I sell pussy. That's, which is insane. Which is because like I don't even, I don't think I helped him at all. Dog. He went from, he went from drug trafficking to sex trafficking. Nigga. That's crazy. That's worse actually. I like telling that joke because half of y'all laugh because that's funny. And the rest of y'all was like, how the fuck this nigga know the word logistics and I'm done. Thank you so much. Cam Patterson done it again. BILL MAHER. Cam, were you named after those things that follow you around every store you're in?


Who the, who the fuck is BILL MAHER? Nigga? It's just An old N word. Don't worry. I don't want, say it again. I just scream it in my pillow at night. I don't wanna say it on live TV again. I got in trouble. Oh my goodness. Big Jay Oakerson. Oh camp. Always hilarious man. Thank you bro. I don't, I gotta ask you where you're from because I don't know where you're from, but wherever it is, your voice is from there. I'm from Orlando. Orlando? Yeah. The west side dude. Hell yeah. Hell Yeah. What's the difference between the west side and the rest of Orlando?


Can you Well It's the west side and it's the east side and I be lot Puerto Ricans and shit over there. And then the west side is black. Perfect. Where's Disney See this? Thank you for asking. Yeah, because Disney not in fucking Orlando dog. Disney is 30 minutes away in Kissimmee. Wow. Bullshit. It's Bull S fuck. Watch your mouth. Everybody go Orlando, Disney mother. The fuck we not. Wow. It's fucking fuck. Fuck Disney World nigga. I hate Disney World. Orlando. It ain't Disney out here. Yeah. What's on the, what's on the south side of Orlando? I Don't know that side. I don't know where that's at. You never drove through there? Down there?


I don't Knows where that is. How about the north side? Neither. Wow. One way south. One way north. Who knows? You just pointed right and left. So I'm getting the feeling that you're not exactly sure what north and south means. Correct. One way north the other way south. Incredible. Incredible. That's blowing my mind. Why does everyone think it's Orlando? Like what? It's crazy. They 30 minutes away so it's easy to be like, oh it's Orlando, but it say Kasim. That's the airports, that's the airport. You Flow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So everybody say yeah. Yeah it's in Orlando but it's not, they keep Disney away from niggas like me man. Yeah. Far away from niggas like me. Okay.


What for real though? No. Yeah, no, I know The last thing. The last thing. Yeah. But I'm a good guy now. I do comedy. Absolutely. Pi shit that my uncle Ab. Absolutely. But you would go to Disney World a lot, right? Fuck No. Fuck Disney World. Why? It's pussy. That's for kids man. And any grown adult that likes Disney past the age of four is fucking gay. It's inarguable. Wow. That's a lot of gay five and six year olds out there. It's not wrong. Gay As hell. It's not wrong. I hate this shit.


What about as What about the new Disney stuff? What Is I There's a lot of There's a lot of Tron. There's a lot of Tron. You Tron right? Okay, there You go. Don't the fuck about Tron. That's a way to, alright. They get that Tron thing in there. That's an adult ride. You own stuff in Tron or something like that. Say Tron Brian, we gotta work on your black people. Small thing. Yeah. Yeah. What about Tron? Sounds like one of your people. I know Itron, my cousin ain't Natron. Yeah, Natron. Yeah. Real shit. That's hilarious. That's real shit. Really? His name? His name is Natron. Yeah. Like in your phone it says Natron. Yeah, I think I Lemme, lemme see. Hold up.


Wow. Oh my goodness. You're getting your own. I show you on, I show you on Instagram. Wow. Natron. That sounds about right. Natron Jenkins. Wide receiver University, Alabama. What'd that say right there? Look. Oh my God. Natron. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, my cousin. Eh. Holy shit. It's real name Spelled how you think three apostrophes like Flavor Flav named them. It's a parentheses in there for some reason. Only at the end. What Does an Aron do for a living? He Lot. He do about, well I gotta stop talking about him on this show.


'cause last time he got fired, but, but he do, he do like a b He do a bouncy house shit, shit like that. A what? Like a bou. He got a bouncy house business. A bouncy house business. Yeah. Get the fuck outta here. Real shit. Swear to God. Holy shit. Hell yeah. Money. What Benny Boy would've done for a bouncy house? Well, trying to steal a television. Can you imagine That? That was hilarious, dog. That's crazy. That old nigga crazy. You, You, no one loves a good stealing someone's TV story as much as I was just like, whoa, this is genius. Wait till they eat the sandwich. Well, I never thought about that, man. You're like, this guy is a logistics cheese.


Unbelievable. Cam, you're a superstar. Another rock solid minute you've done it again. We love you. He is on tour. He is fucking killing it all around the world. Ladies and gentlemen, the drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in Bill Mar. Ladies and gentlemen, am I right? Tune in. He is repping. Kyle Dunnigan. Kyle Dunnigan. Also Tune into my next week. We, we have Oprah Winfrey and the Storage Wars cast. So check out my realtime show. BILL MAHER, you are the man. Kyle Dunnigan is on tour.


Kyle Dunnigan famously did an RFK Junior impression on this show, which was absolutely incredible. We love Kyle Dunnigan. It's amazing that we have that in common that we love. Kyle Dunnigan Kelly's fantastic. Kyle Dunnigan dot com. How about a big hand for the great BIG JAY OAKERSON? Everybody, then they, them is out now on YouTube at BIG JAY OAKERSON. They comes out in April. Big J, our big brother from another mother in New York. We've always said that. I love you, my man. Thank you so much for having me on short notice too. I appreciate. So thank you Guys. Guys, absolutely. Truly one of the great BIG JAY Oakerson. Bill Mars slash Kyle Dunnigan.


Let's see what Chris Rogers drew while we were goofing around. Ooh, Ari Matti. Look at that. Wow. Who couldn't make it violently ill in the final minutes before the show. Yeah, he's, he's doing a, he's doing the Lord's work touring the country out there. All these guys are working so hard. We have a, a massive announcement that is happening right now. I can't even say it right now, but it, when this episode is out, check out the KILL TONY Show Instagram and our own Instagrams, and you're gonna see what we're announcing, if not right now, then tomorrow.


So it's a huge announcement. No, no, I can't announce it now. You're gonna find out with everybody else. Now, This lady's seriously mad. Why the fuck would you fucking do that? Daaz? Jesus. I can't believe you did that. God, I can't imagine being your boyfriend. Look at this poor guy. God, what do you go through, sir? Is it really worth it? My God, that's sad. Express VPN ZipRecruiter and Prize Picks. We thank you unbelievable sponsors that keep the whole thing running. Shout out to Bones Eye working overtime, kicking out these joke books available@killmerch.com.


A ton of new unbelievable merch. The New Dark KILL TONY Hat, which I love is now for sale. There's a new fucking KILL TONY Thermos. There's a whole bunch of fun shit out there. Kill merch.com and the tour dates are, yeah, you're gonna find out. There you go. Big, big Global, global announcement coming tomorrow or tonight, if you're A comedy fan, you have to check out Skank Fest this year. It's in the New Orleans. You gotta go. Go to SK Fest, get your tickets. Fucking Amazing Sells out immediately. So make sure you get it while you can and check out everything. Kyle Dunnigan. Follow him on Instagram and all social media.


Same with Big J. Check out their specials. See them on tour. Audience, we love you. Thank you for coming to Austin, Texas. God bless you and God bless the United States of America. Thank you. Good night everybody.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now over. Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.