
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Hey, y'all. The number one live podcast in the world is going back out on the road again. Our first time since Madison Square Garden of last year, truly traveling.


As you probably know, night two of Nashville sold out, but you can still get tickets for night one April 4th. There is also the London oh two Arena, massive, massive arena. It's our only show in Europe that is June 7th. I'm the standup comedy in some arenas like the Maverick Center just outside of Salt Lake City, Utah, April 18th, Reno, Nevada, the Grand Theater, the Honda Center in Anaheim, California. I can't believe I get to go all the way back to the West Coast to do standup in a legendary arena like that in Anaheim, May 9th Resorts World in Las Vegas, May 10th, announcing this week, Connecticut, the Mohegan Sun. I'm doing standup on July 11th, Edmonton, Canada, July 18th, Vancouver, September 14th, and you're a wrestling fan.


I will be hosting The Roast of WrestleMania Sunday night, four 20 after night, two of WrestleMania right there in Vegas. Huge guests, huge surprises. Make sure you check out the Sunset Strip Comedy Club on sixth Street. And of course, the comedy mothership shows will be going on sale soon for another big Monday release. We love you. God bless America. Enjoy the show.


Hey, this Is Redman. Come to you live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Fuck yes. Make some noise for Brian Redban, Ladies and gentlemen.


And how loud can this place get for the best damn band in all the fucking land? Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, and Big Mike Michael Gonzalez on the drums. A legend of the show. Joining us on Trumpet the Jet Ski. Jesse Johnson, rum. Rum. Rum. The great Matt Mulling is on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on the Keys. And that is indeed live in the flesh, the one and only D Madness on the bass guitar.


Oh my God. We are gonna have so much fun tonight. Before it gets started, here's a little bit more from the amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving, cleaning and even exercising. But what if you could be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching? Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra fee default terms at Mint Mobile dot com


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms. Proving difficult to manage TREM via guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking TM via achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. Taya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or if you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


You guys ready to start tonight's show? Well, you're in Bird Treat. Luckily, I book this show and every single week, I have two of the funniest human beings in the world. On this week is an extra special one because we don't always get to see our dear, dear brothers from the other places, New York, Los Angeles, as much as we'd like, especially the few that we really love from New York and Los Angeles. Ladies and gentlemen, two of my dear brothers, two of the most successful comedians out there. One has the newest special on Netflix. It's called Life. Your guest tonight are Andrew Schultz and Derek Posted, Oh My God, yes.


Live in the flesh. Mix some fucking noise for Andrew Schultz and DERIC POSTON here in ton Texas Schultzey with the newest special on Netflix. It's Called Life Derek has a new special on Don't Tell Comedy coming April 16th. This is very, very exciting to have you guys. You've been on this show before. Derrick's, my fucking homie from the green room here in the mothership taken over Austin, Texas, one of the funniest people in the world. Say, hi, Derrick. That applause was for me. I'm sure. I'm sure all of that was for your boy. You know what I mean? You fucking white niggas.


This party And the great and powerful Andrew Schultz back. Hello, Everybody Back on this show. First time back since Madison Square Garden. That's right. That's what type Of party we're having here. And life is good. You guys have been on this show before. You know what's going on. Over 270 souls signed up for the opportunity to get picked out of this bucket. I'm gonna have this guy with pubes for a beard playing for wow. Right off the fucking top. What a simple man you are. It's the first thing. Ooh, that's a weird looking name. This will be fun. Well, we go wrangle that person. And you guys know how it works. They get 60 seconds, you know your time is up and near the sound of a kitten.


That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear while they go wrangle that person from across the street. We are going to start the show with one of our greatest regulars in the history of KILL TONY. Is that okay? Woo. Ladies and gentlemen, you know, now that I'm part of the current administration of the United States of America, a lot has changed. And one of the things is, is we are scurrying around to get this man his American citizenship. Tonight's show, we'll begin with the stylings of the one and only Estonian assassin. This is Ari Matthew.


What's up? Sorry, I'm a little on edge. There's no porn in Texas. Gimme back my porn. I'm a little on edge. Don't look at me weird when I'm in the bush waiting. Now I gotta get my release. I love how some of my friends are like, yeah, you can watch porn in Texas. All you gotta do is get a VPN. Yeah, I'm just trying to beat my dick. I'm not Edward Snowden. I'm trying to get my belly button full of gum.


I'm not trying to rig an election. Dude, the first time you go to watch porn up in Texas and you see that fucking message come up, it's fucking weird. You got your lotion ready Dick card, all of a sudden you're like elected the fish legislation, huh? And I've read the whole message. If you scroll to the bottom of that message, you actually find out that you can watch PornHub in Texas.


All you gotta do is get age verification. And that means you gotta send a picture to PornHub of your face holding your id. Yeah, I'm not gonna do that. It's not like the porn I watch is illegal, but I definitely need to explain it. Thank you so much Here. It's Ari Matti has done it again.


We did it. Indeed. Porn is strangely illegal here. There's a lot of sites that work, but the big main ones don't. And it is very odd. I love that. It's a bummer. Yeah, It is. The premise is unbelievable.


Just to let you know, it it, it's not exactly Edward Snowden that you have to be. All you have to do is sign up@expressvpn.com slash KILL TONY, and you can get an extra four months free and you just have to click one button. You just fire up the app. You don't have to. And it works on all devices, phones, laptops, tablets and more.


But yeah, I get it. It is weird. And you have to go to some janky porn sites. I've been to some janky. Janky. Yeah. Yeah, dude, I'm, I'm like 15 again. I jack off the gif on Twitter now it's fucking dude. All I need is three pictures. I'm good. Fucking Yeah, Fucking dark out here. It is in the dark web. It is. Oh, D Madness. Dark Web. Agreeing that all the webs are dark to D Madness. What do you use? A laptop? An iPad. Your phone. What are you on now? I'm a laptop guy. You know, Clicking away. Yeah. But I mean, the phone is there too, you know?


Yeah. You ever, whatever you ever do. Both. You ever do both laptop and phone, have a little threesome. Holy Shit. No, but I do remember when I was younger, I would watch like UFC and porn just back to back. I gotta tell you, it really fucked my brain up. 'cause now I can't come without Joe Rogan yelling And it is all over. Oh my God. He's hurt. What he needs to do here is flip his leg to the other side. You're wonderful. You're beautiful, you're amazing. We got Joe on the line live.


A good friend here in Austin, Texas. Yeah. I used to watch porn and UFC at the same time, but I just watched, this is the point. You need to get into guys on top of each other. 'cause I, we just watch the UFC ejaculate. I wouldn't need the porn on at all. Yeah, Okay. Didn't get the laugh than I thought it would. Seemed more like a confession than a joke. And let's just keep rolling with the show. Alright. I guess I am a gay. Okay. Nobody laughed. They're just like, okay. Yeah. What's, what's next, Tony? Are you gonna ask Aria a question or something? Like, we know, we know Tony.


Dude, the, the amount of times I get the question, are you really gay from dudes on these killers of KILL TONY? It's the number one question. Yeah. Nobody gives a fuck about my visa. Everybody cares about, and by the way, if you ask me whoever is gay, I'm gonna say he's gay. Just so you know. Yeah, It's true. I love it. So Ari, how has the road been? What else is going on in your world? I was in Philadelphia this weekend. You know Eagles? They are loud people. They are aggressive. Loud. Yeah. I was in Atlantic City an hour away from Philly and they're doing the fucking, they're spelling out Eagles better than their own mayor does right there.


They did that too. Just grown men. Yep. No job. No nothing. Yep. I tried. Oh, I tried to, when I went to Philadelphia, you know, I'm a big sauna guy. There's no saunas in Austin. I'm a big sauna guy. And I was trying to find these Russian saunas in, in America. All the saunas. Like the number one struggle is if I can tell if it's a gay sauna. 'cause the gay people like own saunas here, huh? Yeah, I do. So then I just had to go to like, I found like a sauna place near the hotel, but I was fucking lurking outside just to see like, who walks out, you know?


Meanwhile there's some guy down the block watching you lurking at the place. Like, oh, that's definitely a gay sauna. Look at that dude out there fucking, just waiting for dick. That is funny. Just a lot of guys with newspapers around the, It's like that, it's like the meme with the guy peeking from behind the tree. But I didn't go in, I was scared. 'cause I saw two guys come out at The same time. Yeah. And they were like, like, I'm happy after Asuna, but they were just a bit too loose. Right. You know? Yeah. That makes sense. What's the porn like in Estonia? We have some, we have like a couple of porn movies that are pretty dark.


Like what, what's what's, what's dark in a most Porn comes from Ukraine. You know, Ukraine is like number one. Number one. Baby porn. Porn. Porn. All the webcam girls. They're all Ukrainian and shit. I didn't know that. Romanian too. But Why do you think that is? Why do you think Ukraine is the porn place? It is. But why? I'm not disagreeing with you at all. It is. I agree. I don't Know. I think just the chicks are hot. They're clever, you know? Is is that why? Because they're clever Or? Yeah, they're clever. Yeah. Maybe poor. Yeah, there's that too. Yeah. I wanna know. I Wanna look into their eyes for too long. You know what I'm saying? What, What, what are you into?


'cause you said it needs to be explained and I haven't stopped thinking about that. You know, like if you would see the porn, like Yeah, I know. Like, you know, when you watch porn with your girl, you're not gonna put on the porn. You actually Yeah. You know? Right. Of course. Right. Yeah. That's hilarious. Like she sees the first few letters, right? And it's just TRA and you're like, Because I've done that. I've like, we've all done that Traveling. Beautiful woman. But No, what are you watching? Alone? Alone. Yeah. It's nothing like, Nah, tell us the real shit.


I need to know the real shit. Ari. Give us a Little taste. It depends on like, what's, what's, do you watch any of our stuff? Are are you into the, you know, exotic? What do you mean? Like black women? Black women. No, all black women are from America to Ari. I'm pretty, is that the William Sisters now? What about, what about I'm pretty progressive. Like, I watch, like I can imagine a black guy. Like if I can watch black kids. Wow. You, You okay. Do you, you are white. You're right. You, you're White. I am white. You have a lot of, I can watch a black guy just destroying a white girl. And imagine you are the guy I can, oh, you can do that.


Yeah. You can see yourself as him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You can do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We love big dicks. That is, yeah. So you use your imagination. 'cause there's black guys in Ukraine is what you're saying? No, but okay. And it is pretty. We've been sending giant missiles to Ukraine for a couple years. Maybe war jokes. Do you do, you know, but like, Son of a bitch. But the classic thing is that, that like, it gets the, the, the more you are scrolling, the harsher, it gets like the more tabs, you know, you know when the tabs, there are no letters anymore.


Just these fucking, and you're just looking for the one dude, then it gets pretty dark. What is, just give us one thing before we get you outta here. Just like, What do you mean One crazy? Well, You know, all the chicks are crying. Perfect. Perfect. Sorry. What's what, what we needed. You know, all the chicks are like, help, help, help. The doors are locked. It's dark. It's a fucking storage unit with a couch. Dudes have sneakers on. You know how it is. Ari's been jerking off to the view. You know how it is. The party has begun. Ari Matti, Ladies and gentlemen, and it has begun.


This is KILL TONY Live from Austin, Texas, brought to you by nicked, nicked NYKD, the amazing nicotine pouch.


The lovely Heidi, Ladies and gentlemen has joined the fray and now it begins our first bucket pull of the night. Simple. They do a minute we interview them. We don't know 'em. Anything can happen. Make some noise for your first bucket. Pool of the night. Jovan off. Sally. I al I wanted to say Jovan, but this guy knows Jovan ab Yeah. So I've noticed there's a lot, lot of gold diggers in the city. Right? You have to be careful. I overheard these two girls. One of 'em said she would fuck any guy with a job and a boat.


So I snuck up behind her. I was like, Hey, what could I get with a canoe and an internship? Anything. Okay. No, it's, it's tough to find true love. It is. 'cause it's, you know, it's not all based off Looks. Love is blind. You know what, it's not nose blind. My girlfriend smells like shit. I put my thumb in her belly button and her butt hole. I pulled it out. It smell exactly the same. What's going on? Okay. No, I don't actually have a girlfriend. Ums. Sometimes I like to make up imaginary girlfriends. Right now I'm dating this black girl. Her name's double entendre. She's a, she's, she's really kind. But she makes me do weird things in the bedroom. Like, like she'll make me do blackface and she'll do white face.


So then we 69 and it looks like yin yang. It's kind of like, it's kinda weird. And she's always telling me, she's like, Jovin bring food in the bedroom. But I'm outta whipped cream. So I'm like, okay, I have caramelized onions and Swiss cheese, so I'll spit on her. I'm like, who's my little patty melt? Four. Okay. All right. Thanks. Yeah, thank you. All right. Jovan. Jovan. What is that? What's your ethnicity? Af Afghanistan. Yeah. You're Afghani? My dad? Yeah. My dad's from there. Okay. I'm half. Yeah. Okay. And your mom's white? Yeah, she's white.


Yeah. And it's Jovan. Jovin? Yeah. Jovin. Yeah. Okay. Jovin. Jovin. Okay. So the girlfriend isn't real. Not real. One bit. Yeah. I'm guessing you don't have a canoe and an internship? Nope. No. Alright. What do you do for work? I'm a, I'm a like a line cook. Yeah. Yep. You're wearing the pants. That makes sense. Yep. That I was wondering if those are legit chef's pants? They are. Yep. I had worked. Yep. Okay. And how long have you done that for? About five years in total, I think. Okay. How long you been doing standup comedy? Four years. Four years. Wow. Where at, Let's see, two years where? Back in like Albany is where I'm from and then like, yeah, two and a half years here I think.


Yeah. Okay. You must love it here compared to Albany, New York. Yeah, It's quite lovely here. But the summers get to me. I get stupid and hot. So hot and bothered or whatever you call it. Yeah. Yeah. They're hot. Yeah. But yeah, it's a nice place. Yeah. Summers are hot. Tony, you think he'd have better lines being a line cook? He's been cooking up jet ski. Jet ski. Okay. Who's on your shirt? My mom. That's Derrick's mother, Penelope Poston. We all know her. We love her. It is Nina Simone? Yeah. Oh, okay. Oh, Okay. But when I wear it, it kinda looks like Aunt Jemima, but yeah.


Wow. Alright. Somehow that's the most racist part of the show so far. Very interesting. What do you specialize in cooking? Well, right now I just started at this Asian place, but usually I do like Italian food. Yeah. Okay. So I like to mix it up. New restaurants, new flavors. Yeah. You never know. Alright. What have you learned working at the Asian restaurant? Do you have a mean Asian boss? Well, I Literally just started like I staged like yesterday and I got the job. So I'll start this week. Yeah. You're already wearing the pants. Well, I had another interview 'cause I need a second job. So yeah, You had an interview today. Do you show up with the pants to the, this guy's dedicated dude. It's Just what I would want.


And that showing up and the shoe. You got the Crocs on, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, this guy's good. Just in case they're like ready to throw you in there right now. Dress for the job you want. Am I right? Absolutely. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Jovin. Tell us more about you is what do you do for fun? I love playing chess lately. And I like to go dancing, so those kind of fill my time. You're a dancer? No, I'm not a dancer. I like to go dancing though. But I'm What Type of dancing? I'll just kind of, we will wiggle. Can we give them a little something? Yeah. Again, We get a little like what type of music do you dance to?


Country salsa. Don't Brag about dancing and not bust a move in front of us. Please shake that ass dog. Come on, pop that. Give him something folks. What kind of dancing? I like, like Indian trap. Music's pretty cool or Okay. Do we have any Indian trap music? Oh, Michael's got it. He's been waiting for, he's been waiting years for somebody to say Indian trap music That'll go like, Okay. Beautiful. Oh shit. Hey Yo. I'll do that for like 45 minutes and then I'll leave. Wow. I Like that. Thanks. I like that vin's. Got It. Hell yeah.


The Afghani assassin. Alright. With the Indian trap music. It Is wild. Your father, it seems like he'd be furious to see you do that. Oh, He is 90% sure I'm gay, but you know. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome to my world. What does he think about you doing standup? Your Afghani father? He, yeah, he seems to like it. Yeah. Yeah. He's not like, thank God, but he is like, Yeah. He's more like thank all. Yeah, there it is. And they're up in Albany still. Yeah. That's where they live.


Yeah, They have caves there. That was wrong. That was wrong. That was bad. I apologize. What Type of girls are you into? Do you find yourself being more into independent? I like, like, like Grumpy Asian girls would be an ideal. Yeah. Grumpy, Asian, grumpy girls. This is Red Band specialty? Yes. So puffy faces like Chinese Girls? Yeah. I, I don't know. Yeah, The face doesn't even matter to Jovin. Look at him. He doesn't care. It's mostly about the Attitude. How do they, yeah. How do they act when they're grumpy? What are they just kinda not smiling a lot? Can You do an impression of a grumpy Asian woman that you would be into?


Just go for it. I Mean, I'm not gonna stretch my eyes out, but I'll, you don't have to do that. It's more about the voice and the attitude. Why are you talking to me? Feel like that? Or when? Why do you have boobs? I kick me please. All right. This got weird for You. Yeah. Yeah. I dunno. Okay. But it was a good set. You are the first bucket. Pulled the night. Congratulations. Here's a big joke book. Good Job. And it has begun. There goes Jovan


ab. This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN. Look, I know that none of you watch porn and neither do i. I think it's gross. But just in case you have any friends that do help me pass along this important PSA incognito mode does not make you incognito. Check the fine print. All your late night activities are still 100% visible to a ton of third parties unless you use Express VPN. And let me throw it to our in-house porn expert Red band. Thanks Tony. I love porn almost as much as I love Express. VPN with express. VPN is Without express VPN Oh Without express VPN. That is these third parties can still see every website you visit. Even incognito mode. Even In Incognito. Yes. Your internet service provider, your mobile network provider, and the admins of your wifi network, yikes. Yikes is right. Red Band Express. VPN Reroutes a hundred percent of your traffic through secure encrypted servers. So third parties can't see your browsing history. Express VPN hides your IP address making it extremely difficult for third parties to track your online activity. It's so easy to use. Just fire up the app and click one button to get protected. It's also rated number one by top tech reviewers like CNET in the Verge. I personally love using Express VPN when we travel, I can rest easy knowing my data is safe and secure around the globe. So protect your online privacy today by visiting express vpn.com/kone. That's E-X-P-R-E-S SV vpn.com/kone. And you can get an extra four months for free. Express v vpn.com/ KILL. TONY,


hello everyone. This podcast is sponsored by Prizepicks, the best place to win cash while watching sports. Join over 10 million users and sign up today to get $50. Instantly. When you play $5, you don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus it's guaranteed. Folks, the second half of the basketball season is here and the race to the playoffs is heating up on Prizepicks. The best place to cash in on your favorite sports. Thank LeBron James will get more than 24 points this week. Giannis for more than 35. Cook up your hot takes with your friends and win real money this basketball season when you and your crew run your game on Prizepicks. A red band. Tony, I love Prizepicks. This week on Prizepicks, I'm looking at the baseball board and selecting Luca, Donna Chick, The basketball board. Yeah. Selecting Fuka. Don Don. Yeah. You know that guy for more than 25 points. And Jason Tatum for more than eight rebounds. Plus Anthony Edwards for more than 25 points. And Jalen Brown for more than four assets. I love that those are assists. Assists. Yes. That is an incredible lineup. Red band. You totally know what you're talking about. It's blatant that anybody can do it. So download the app today and use Code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, download the app today and use code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prizepicks, run your game.


Alright, your next bucket Pool. Getting 60 seconds uninterrupted goes by the name of Sammy Blumenthal. Sammy Blumenthal. Here she is. Hey guys. Hey. This year I became a mom. Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. I've been trying to breastfeed and he's having a really hard time latching. I just wish someone told me that would happen before I got the dog. I have a German Shepherd, which is really empowering as a Jewish woman.


I named him after my late great-grandfather. Oh 1 7 6 9 4. Thank you. Thank you. I love my dog. He just is really particular, like, especially when we go outside, he takes so long. I'm like, come on, is this your spot? Is this your spot poop for me? Is this your spot? Is this your spot? Now I know how my ex felt every time I try to make me come, you know, I take a long time. But now I get it though. I get it. I understand his perspective. So now when I try to get him to go quicker, I just go, sh, take your toy, close your eyes and pretend I'm literally anyone else.


And he poops immediately. There it is. Sammy Blumenthal. Welcome. Welcome Sammy. Is this your first time on the show? My second time. Nice. Yeah. Welcome back. You thank How long you been with Stand Standup? A little over a year now. A little over A year? Yeah. When was the last time you were on? Last December and then it aired. It was like six weeks and then it aired in January. Six weeks? Yeah. Five or something. There was like two recordings on a Monday and two recordings on a Tuesday. So it just took a while for it to come out. Alright. Yeah. That has nothing to do with the question that I Asked. I'm sorry. So December was when you were on the show? Yep. There we go. December Took a long time period to come out. Takes a long time.


You know what I mean? You are Jewish. That confirms it right there. I did the show, but then it took like four weeks. You must have taken your first vacation in absolute years or something. Wow. Thank you Sammy for pointing that out for no reason. Fucking two weeks in a row off I got this Jew calling me out on it. Jesus fucking Christ. Alright, so Sammy, that was fun. You've been doing standup for a year. What do you do for a living? I am a dietician, but I took a year off. I was teaching preschool for a year and I just had my last day on Friday. What made you do that? Being a dietician got hard when Ozempic came out. Exactly.


Really? Yeah. No, it, it is hard 'cause like I, I definitely focus on rather than like weight loss, which is like a common thing that people ask me about, I focus on our relationship with food and like building and healing our relationship with food and body. So like, let Me introduce you to my friend Red band here. Yeah, there we go. Let's talk about it. Brian, what did I take a picture of this talk? Let's talk about your relationship with food. Yeah. Okay. How do you, how would you do this? So let's say this guy comes in looking gray slash green 50, right? What would you say to him? Yeah, so we did do this last time. A little different.


Oh we did? Wow. Alright. Sorry. I'm a simple man. Okay. Have you ever saved like, somebody's life? Like what's your greatest accomplishment from that job? Oh my God. From How much weight? Yeah. How much weight does someone lose? So that's the thing, I don't focus on weight. That's what I'm trying to say. I Well, that Seems like you don't do your job. Okay. That's why I took a year off. I couldn't help people lose weight. I don't, I don't know. But my greatest accomplishment I think is like, my favorite thing is like when a woman goes to the store and feels confident just like picking out a size. And it's not that like, it's like our clo our body is not meant to fit clothes.


Like our clothes are meant to fit our body. Derek, Derek, now it's time for you to speak up. I, I'm still stuck on Yo, you let your dog suck your nipples. Brody wipe nasty dude. Yes. I I haven't moved from that. You nasty. That's nasty Derek. She's trying to make all the white women thin attacker immediately We're finding out what kind of porn are he is actually into. I have a lot of explaining to the German Shepherd on Jew girl tit. Oh, I like that. I like that joke about the number.


Thank you. Thank you for the dog. That was really good. Yeah, thank you. That was really good. That was a good one. Yeah. Thank you. His name his can I, his name is Topher. This is him. I got, I got a tattoo of him. Oh wow. Yeah, I wanted to get it before he died so I could show him, you know. Okay. Like I just felt like it would be sad to get it afterwards. Like, he sees it all the time. I don't think he knows what he's looking at, but, okay. Alright. Let's talk about your relationship with your dog. Yes, Please. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I love my dogs. I love him. People think that I love him too much. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I wonder why, why, why do they think that? Like, is there anything, You know, I, I take him everywhere. He comes with me everywhere.


That makes sense. Red band on Fire tonight. Yeah. Does he ever get, does he ever get a little red rocket? Oh My god. No. No, no. It's not little. It is the biggest dick I've ever seen. Hit it again. Jesus Christ. Christ. It's so big. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Does it look like that mic? No, if this Mic was purple. Oh, it's dark. I'm Sorry. Like, I'm sorry. Sorry. You got a black dog. That's incredible. You're having some real rough sex. Woof. Yeah, there you go. You. Yeah. So wait, what happens when the dog gets So the dog has balls still? No, That I'm so confused. It gets hard without testicle.


Yes. Around you. Sorry. Okay. I'm sorry. Game. But he does, he continues to get hard without balls. Yeah, absolutely. Is there something that happens? Is there something that you do? Is it when you're cooking? Is it when you wake up? I mean, he loves when I use a shower in the oven. You know what I mean? What, okay, let's, let's stick with the reel. That was a, that was, when does he get hard? We wanna know when the dog gets hard In a, We are genuinely concerned. It Just, it happens when I come home. He gets like really excited when I come home. Do You sit on it? That was red band. All lawsuits go to for Ryan Red Band for that one. Do you do do Disgusting.


Disgusting. So gross. Do you spit on it? Alright, so Sammy, what's your love life actually like? You seem like a likable pretty girl, but you seem like, you seem like a cat lady that has a dog. Really? I'm like severely allergic to cats. No, But I know, but that's not what he was saying. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. The observation he made was poignant. It, it was meaning you have this like really intense attachment to an animal, but it might be difficult for you to have that attachment to human beings. Exactly. Yeah. How did you know? Well you were talking to us for about seven minutes. Yeah. And you told us the exact color of your dog's cock.


So we're like, there might be an issue here. So Tony's pretty good at this. He can get to the bottom of things. Yeah. What the que what was, what's my relation, what are my relationships like? Yeah. I bet you have trouble Now. It's just being evil. Just out. Am I right? Yes. When was the last boyfriend? Well, here's the thing. I think We don't need to do it. That's Fine. It seems long. No, It's not long. I'll summarize it. Okay. Like, I think I'm a little gayer than I realized. Oh, this is, Oh right. She does Support. Oh, That was very loud. Red band's very excited About this song.


Plot twist. You do like cats. Hey, Let's go. Tell us more about, this might be gayer than you thought thing. How does this happen? I like this. Yeah. So I remember being in like fifth grade and I was looking at the clock in whatever class I was in and I just asked myself like, do I like girls? I don't know. It was just like the first thought in my head. What made you the clock? What is the clock after? I don't know. That's just what I remember I was looking at when I was like asking myself that I feel really vulnerable and my body feels uncomfortable right now as I'm talking about this. But that's okay. But then every relationship I've been with an been in with a man in the back of my head, it's like, what?


I don't know what a relationship with a woman is like. I do not know. Have you ever gone on a date with a girl? I have. Have you ever hooked up with a girl? I have. Do you have video of it? Red band. Red band. You are misbehaving tonight. You're out of control. This is a professional show. We're Almost there. This is a professional, We're almost there. Show she was gonna tell us all About it. We respect women and we don't do that. Okay. Take us back. Do You have video of it? Alright. I'm kidding. So, no. So the first time I went down on a lady, I, okay. Oh, you looked, you've, you've had intercourse with a woman. What does that look like though?


I still don't know what that looks like. You'll have To a Like, what does it look like when you go down on the girl? I Threw up, so I don't know. No, no you didn't. You're making a joke. I swear to God. You went down on a girl and you threw up. Yes. Oh, this is epic. Yes. So This is unbelievable. Yeah. I'm one of the greatest interviewers in podcast history. How did we get here? Yeah. Did we get here? Yeah. I I did. I did do that. I think What made you throw up was Here The smell. Was it? Yeah. Yeah. What was the step? So The, the, the reason Take us step by step throughout the night. Did you go to a movie? Did you have dinner? What happened here?


We Were just hanging out at her apartment. Okay. And the, I So friend. Yeah. I knew her since I was 12 years old. Perfect. Yeah. And you're hanging out at the apartment. What's you guys doing? What are you doing? Like old, How old was she when you were 12? Not 12, also 12. Okay, good. Like we were both 12, Just making sure. But this didn't happen when we were 12. Of Course. That would be gross, right? No, but you guys are grown up. You're hanging out. It's just the two of you. You're in her place doing girly things. What you guys doing? Like the dishes Terrible. Oh my God. Terrible. I'm sorry ladies. No, it's okay. You don't have to apologize. It's okay. No, we were just like hanging out and talking and like, it was like, oh, this feels like this feels safe.


Like feeling safe during sex is an important thing. So if you learn anything here today, make sure you feel safe during sex And then keep going And then keep going. Yeah. So we were, we were, we were kissing and it felt nice and then I was like, oh, can I go down on you? And then You went straight to that. Did you really feeling her boobs? I was touching her. I was say it was just like, but you gotta feel her titties a little bit straight from before you go look down Kissing like this. Like can I go down on you? Okay. Hold on.


Yeah, no, I, yeah, you have to go around the bases. You can't cut from first to third across the pitchers mound, Retard little league. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Okay. Okay. So you go, you ask her, you ask her, you go, can I go down on you? And she goes, yes, please. And I'm, it's, these are jokes. These are jokes. We're not gonna talk about her disabled friend like that. You've known him since she's 12. Yes. Tell us the real, so This is real. Like this is really what happened. Okay. Yeah. Tell Us what really We love It. So at the time, at the time this is, okay, so I was in a relationship with a guy during the time and we said, no, stop.


And he said we decided to be like in an open relationship. Okay. And so I felt uncomfortable doing it because I didn't tell him where I'd be before. But I was on the show last time and I told you a story that I got home and I saw videos of my ex while wearing my clothes. That's Right. I remember that. Or you tried to out gay em. I was just trying to out gay em. But that's like context to the story that like that's the Cra Hold on. That's the craziest revenge I've ever heard of in my entire Life. This is true. You're gay. I'll show you fucking gay. Yeah. I now remember your appearance on the show. Yes. Yes. You Had a boyfriend that you found or remind us it was a video. It multiple, right?


Yeah. A Lot. You're getting a guitar change. Yeah. Yeah. D Madness has to go famous. Homophobic. Oh my Bad. D Madness. When he gets too gay. My bad. Yeah. Yeah. D Madness takes a break. We found out what porn he's into. So you found out your boyfriend's gay, even though you're in an open relationship, you say no way. And then you're hanging out with your girlfriend. Well, My friend who's a girl, right. And girl things. And then, no, but I think I threw up because I felt Take us, Hold on. Let's just slow it down. Before the vomit. Before the vomit. 'cause we wanna paint a picture here a little bit. Yeah. Are you on a couch? A bed. Bed? And you guys are both naked or she just took her pants off?


What's going on here? We are Both naked butt. Naked. Naked. And she hasn't naked done anything to you? No. And you go between her legs. How long do you think you're there? About how long do you last? Say Like three minutes. And then I vomited. Oh My goodness. And that, and you're like, you go straight. So three minutes of just straight licking kind of No talking, checking in. Oh, that's such, that's such a lesbian bullshit. You get all the way down there and you're like, so tell me again about your day. Just looking from fucking above her belly button. Hold on. You checked. So you checked in?


I, yes. What, what is that like? So How does this feel? Ooh, wow. How's it going? Like all the shit the Alexis, all the shit the ladies love. Yeah. So you wanted the feedback. You wanted to know. You, you were doing a good job. I I need feedback. If you were, if you were silent while we were being, while we were being intimate. Yeah. Like I, I can't like I'll, I will leave. Like, I need to know what is going. I need communication. What about Sounds though? Like, you know, positive sounds Like you don't have to talk red band, red band's only heard people have sex before. Well, like the Reason why we actually do have, we have a sound of red band having sex.


I'm just kidding. That's after Tom Segura broke his arm. He made this. So play it one more time. It's not sex. Tom SRA broke his arm playing basketball. Okay. Back to it. So you're down there, you're talking, you're asking questions while swiping your tongue randomly and then checking back in again. And She's not making any sounds at all. I don't, I I just, yes. We're talking like we're having a, like No. Is she making like, sounds of pleasure? Like Yeah. Is that a sound of pleasure to you? Yeah, sometimes. But then I need you to elaborate. What? I need you to elaborate. Like if, because the thing is, is when I've been in like a sexual experience and I'm making sounds, sometimes it's like performative. Yeah.


You know what I mean? It's like, and I I am, I'm also a woman and I've been a, I mean, yeah, I've been, yes, I'm a woman. So you got in your head, you got in your head a little bit. Yes. 'cause I know what it's like to be a woman and when a man's down there, it's just like mmhmmm and like I'm hating it and I'm not like speaking up for myself. You know what I mean? Clap for that. That's No, No, no, no. Don't do the Yes. Don't do that. Hold on. Okay. So let's keep going. Let's keep going. You can't tell them to do something. So sorry. They're gonna turn on you. I'm sorry. Okay. Are we gonna, so let's get to the vomit part. What, what happens? Okay, so I'm down there and I think I just started thinking about my situ, my like relationship situation and like how, how uncomfortable that I was in that situation and how I feel uncomfortable in this situation.


So what ended up happening is that I just threw up. Did you throw up in between her legs? No. I did get up and go to the bathroom. See? Okay. Did you check in with her on how she felt after that? Because that must have destroyed her. You went down on her for three minutes and then you project out, vomited into a bathroom. Do you think she could hear you vomiting? Oh, She knew she was asking, like she was checking in on how I was feeling. Oh my God. But I did feel bad 'cause that was her first experience and like, I don't, I don't, and her last and her last. Yeah. Time to go back to school. I guess Redband you are really?


Oh, that makes no sense. No wonder you fuck dogs now. You traumatized dog. You traumatized. Yeah. That's a, that's a tough, that's a tough one to rebound from for her. Not for you. For her. Yeah. Like imagine what she's going through. The next guy or girl that she hooks up with. Yeah. It's like very rarely. Is there a case of bulimia after that kind of eating out? Yeah. What's her Instagram Not doing That? You have an eating out disorder? That's funny. I like, could you put it into my phone? So I just see what the Instagram, I just need to see what this girl looks like. Yeah. Oh, I like This. Can you put it into Derek's phone? Actually hold, I have a wife and kid.


Man. I can't, I what? You can't be looking at these garbage pussy bitches. Like, this is crazy. This is insanity. Yeah. Tony. What? Red band already follows her? How exciting. She's beautiful. Like she's lovely. She's you just hold her profile picture. Hold on. All right. No, stop it. Oh, I thought you were showing it. Oh wow. Wow, wow. Yes. She's gorgeous. She's Stunning. Nah, that's What's up. What does she do? She works in sales. Okay. Alright. Well Sammy, what size joke book did you get last time? I did get a big one. There you go.


Yeah. Thank you so much. There she goes. Sammy Blumenthal. How fun. Long interview. Very fun. Oh God. Alright, let's keep it moving along. We're having fun here. There goes Sammy Blumenthal. And onto the next one. We go. Will Hunsinger make some noise for Will Hunsinger Everybody. Come on guys. Some noise for Will. Happy, happy Black History Month. Everybody, we made it through it. It got, it got me thinking about like all the different color barriers they've been crossed.


Jackie Robinson, all these great people. I was, I was thinking I, I wish there were more black serial killers. I think it would be kind of fun, you know, because to be honest with you right now, how fun would silence the lambs have been? If that guy was like, put the cocoa butter in the basket, that went pretty good. Like the cops are trying to figure it out. Like there's a bunch of thick white women going missing. I wonder who it could be. All I see scared white faces in here. I don't like that at all. You guys all looked at the band to see if you could laugh. I don't like that. All right. I'll give you this Olive branch. At least, you know, if he was eating those girls, at least they'd be properly seasoned. That's fair.


So listen to me. Jeffrey Dahmer, the dude was from Wisconsin. That food was bland as fuck. Okay. But Jevon Dahmer invite me to the cookout. All right, I'll eat a white bitch's foot if you put it with corn bread. That's soul food you guys. That's soul food. That's my time Will Hunsinger. Hey everybody. Welcome. Will, this is your first time on the show, right? Yeah, yeah. Welcome, welcome. How long you been with standup? Five years. Five Years? Yes sir. I love it. Where at? I just moved here from Las Vegas. Las Vegas. That's where you're originally from? Grew up in Ohio actually. What part of Ohio? Menor by Cleveland. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. D Madness is back. Everybody. Oh, here we go.


Okay. And what do you do for work? Will I, I work for the government aerospace engineer. Wow. Don't woo for that shit. Don't do that. That's What, what exactly do you do as an aerospace engineer? Well I work for the guy. Can I like not talk about that particularly because I just work for the government. You don't have to say who you's work for. You're the one that chose to say, Now we wanna know what the fuck you're up to Man. I know, but it's just like, I don't wanna lose my shit. You know what I mean? Nah, nah, nah, nah. You decide to come on The show. Not, I, I I used to work for a company that made jet engines. Okay. Word. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was an operations manager and then I, I worked for a company that made titanium for jet engines and then we did engine overhaul and a bunch of shit like that. So, and Then you stopped doing that and sued Blake Lively.


That's stupid. Fucking idiot Will hunt singer. He's Innocent by the way that motherfucker's Hands. He didn't do it. He's not, He didn't, he Didn't, didn't do a roast. Just a compli. I appreciate it. Yeah, you're a good looking. Thank you man. Appreci show you too. Will, let me just cut to the chase here. We just had a girl on here who went down on a girl once and vomited. Do you have anything in your life that interesting that's ever happened? Anything like that? I haven't fucked any animals at all. No. Nobody said that. Nothing that bad. No, nobody said it was a girl. We all danced around it for a while. There was a lot of, a lot of dog fucking, a lot of vomiting. No, I don't think I've had anybody. I've had a woman bite my penis And that was, that was tough.


That was tough. She was an older lady. How old? Like 44 I think. Wow. How old were you at the time? 24. Wow. Yeah, it was tough 'cause she scraped it and then it made it hard to stay hard, you know? And then you put the condom on And that stings and then you put it in and then it's like, it's hard to stay hard when your dick's scraped, you know what I mean? And then a 44-year-old woman, if your dick goes soft, she just calls you a So like Yeah. That's kind of what you're stuck with. They get a insulted. They don't be like, Hey you've hurt me. And they're like, I don't give a shit. You're gay. Like that's, yeah. So yeah, that was a tough one. But yeah, nothing that awful as I haven't had to throw up before.


I mean that sounds terrifying, but No. Have you thrown up on a woman before? No. No? No. Alright. So what do you do for fun? Do you have any hobbies or anything like That? I train juujitsu. I do that play a little guitar here and there. Nothing too crazy. But do you play guitar? Not as well as some of the people who have been on here do not do That to me. Well of course they're professional musicians. How often do you play guitar? Oh, just a few times a week here and there. Just for Fun. How many years have you played guitar for? Oh, like two or three. Nothing crazy. Yeah, just dabbled. No nothing. Just for fun. Just doing that. But juujitsu I've been doing that for like five, six years. I trained a lot in Vegas. I got to train with like, like a lot of professional, like MMA guys and stuff. It was pretty cool. Got to train like the U-F-C-P-I and all that. So that was kind of tight, but But You don't fight? No, no. I'll get brain damage. I don't want that. I'm good. I got the engineering gig head all better.


An engineer. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But no, yeah, just, just training that. And then like, I trained with like Sean Strickland. That was pretty cool. He fucking Craziest thing you saw while living in Las Vegas all those years. Fucking shit man. Oh man. I've seen people get hit by cars, seen people lose their entire livelihoods. I don't know. Vegas was a weird town. It was a weird place to live. It was a shell, shell shock going from Ohio. 'cause it's just, it's just everything everywhere all the time. Just people losing their goddamn minds every day. You're not supposed to live there. That's not a place you're supposed to live. That city's full of pieces of shit. It is. It's just full of scum. All the scum of the country just washes in there. And You were there, you were part of it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I got shit. Yeah. Living with it. It was, it was fucking wild dude.


Dude, you just, you see everybody getting over divorces together and it's sad. It's fucking rough. It's just dudes on TRT and Omnia. Just fucking, just trying to get 20-year-old pussy. And it's, it's a fucking war zone. But yeah, I don't know. I I, yeah, I, I Craziest fun fact about your whole life will, maybe it's about your family. Maybe it's something that's happened to you. Anything At all. I had a bad mushroom trip that was pretty scary. I, I lost my mind and thought my friends were trying to kill me and I punched my best friend in the face. Whoa. Yeah. That was bad. Yeah. I was in Sedona, Arizona and I was supposed to be like the spirit guide for my buddies. You Were supposed to be the spirit guide. Yes. Wait, what? Who the fuck made you the spirit guy?


I Did a lot of drugs in college and shit. We got drug tested all the way through for engineering, so I could never smoke weed or anything. So I just did acid all the time. It was the first time I ever got high. So that was cool. Like, I got, like, I did acid a fuck load and then I was like, cool, we're all gonna do mushrooms out in Sedona. That'll be a fun time. And then my buddy sold me this, like, they're called a bino penis envy. They're like the strongest mushrooms known to man. And then I lost my fucking mind. And then I was, I was just in there and I thought all my friends were trying to kill me. So I got all defensive and then I squared up and just rocked my buddy. And then three people tackled me. And then they, and then I, I got away from them. I ran, they tore my shirt off me. This was like two o'clock in the afternoon. And then God Just in a suburban neighborhood, ran down the street running for my life, fell into a cactus, bleeding everywhere.


And then I was on that level of high where you think like you're, the whole thing's a video game and you have to get out and you have to go to another fucking level. So then I went to a house and I went to open a stranger's house. Oh God. And I was probably like, as close as you are to me, to the doorway. And then my friends were like, yo. And I was like, turned around, like, we gotta go home. And I was like, oh shit. And then they corralled me back home and I lost my mind for 12 more hours on the couch. 12 Hours. Yes. It was bad. I dissociated for probably like three months after that. And The buddy that you punched, he was on mushrooms too, right? Yes. He, from his perspective, I walked downstairs like the Terminator and then just squared up and fucking rocked them. Imagine that. Imagine you see your spirit guide coming down the stairs. You are tripping your balls off and you're like, oh, oh, he's back.


Oh great. Yeah. What the fuck? Yeah, we rocked him Pretty good. The, the training's been paying off. It worked good. But yeah. And then, yeah, I watched that You guys seen like everywhere, everything all at once Forever. That movie, that shit like helped me get out of the loop that I was in. 'cause I'd have those moments where I was just like, none of this is real. It's all a projection and then I'm having it right now. It's weird, but it was, yeah. And that movie like checked me back out of it And that was good. And I've been chill since, but I've not touched any psychedelics since that shit for safety purposes, but Perfect. Perfect. Well Will, thanks for signing up. Fun times. Appreciate. Thank you. Onto the next one. We go. Here's a little joke book to, Oh my goodness.


Wow. This guy's a he. He jujitsu, he catches like a jiujitsu guy.


This podcast is sponsored by open phone. If you're running a business, you know that every time you miss a call, you're leaving money on the table. When every customer conversation matters, you need a phone system that keeps up and helps you stay connected. That's why you need a open phone, open phone. Red Man. Tony, I love open phone. It's the most genius phone system out there. Open phone is the number one business phone system that streamlines and scales your customer communications. It works through an app on your phone or a computer. So no more carrying around two phones or using a landline. Yeah. With open phone, your team can share one number and collaborate on customer calls and texts like a shared inbox. That way any teammate can pick up right where the last person left off, keeping response times faster than ever. Plus, with AI powered call transcripts and summaries, you'll be able to automate follow ups, ensuring you'll never miss a customer interaction again. So whether you're a one person operation drowning in calls and texts, or have a large team that needs better collaboration tools, open phone is a no-brainer. See why over 50,000 businesses trust open phone to manage their businesses, calls and texts. Open phone is offering my listeners 20% off your first six months@openphone.com slash kelton. That's O-P-E-N-P-H-O-N e.com/kelton. And if you have existing numbers with another service, open phone will port them over at no extra charge. Open phone, no missed calls, no missed customers.


Hello there, our friends. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter. You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you are the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you could try zip Intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL. TONY and Tony, I love ZipRecruiter. They're the best hiring site out there. Zip Intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. All you have to do is pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. It's so easy. Red band can do it. So enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter. Rated number one, hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL TONY. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL. TONY, zip intro Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


What's going on over there, Michael? What's happening? What is going on together? Dude? What's happening? I trying to put It on here. Let me just tell you, Michael, you have no idea how replaceable you are. Wait a second. Oh my God. A legend of the game. Who would've guessed? Joel Bird. Joel Jimenez. Ladies and gentlemen, the original KILL TONY Drummer is visiting. Switch it up. There they go from one, this is it.


Mexicans taking Mexicans jobs. They call Make some noise for Joel Berg. Joel Jimenez, everybody. A lot of you probably are newer fans, bandwagon fans. Joel has traveled the world as a KILL. TONY drummer. Somebody call ICE on this motherfucker When Joel Berg says a funny everybody chance Joel Berg. You guys get it. You go Joel Berg, you'll get it. He's very funny. How about one more time for Joel Berg? Joel Jimenez with Jet Ski. Jesse Johnson. It's all Js. It's six Js Jet Ski. Jesse Johnson and Joel Berg. Joel Jimenez. That's crazy. I've never noticed that before.


What? We had one. I don't know what you're saying. Oh my God. Sometimes I wish we had another camera and Mike so that you guys could see the retarded show that I deal with listening to Red band. Say things next. Look at those jugs. What's wrong with you? This guy's out of control tonight. Why would you say that? Alright, indeed. Your next bucket poll goes by the name of Brian Smith. Everybody make some noise for Brian Smith.


Keep it going for the best band in the entire fucking world, guys. Oh man. So I don't do a lot of race jokes, but when I do, I wanna make sure a certain percentage of the audience laughs. I call it the three fifths compromise. A lot of people read history here. So I I, I like, I still like Michael Jackson's music. I try to separate the monster from the artist. Had a little fun thought experiment the other day. What if the only part of Michael Jackson's body he didn't bleach was his asshole? Do you think that's how he got the kids in the van?


It's like, oh, I got a little Hershey's kiss. Come back here. Come on. Could you imagine being seven years old, you're at Neverland Ranch meeting your hero. You've been playing gallaga all day. And then Michael Jackson's like, come on back. I wanna show you something. He bends over at the waist and spreads his ass cheeks. And it's like white guy, white guy, white guy Luther Vandross. White guy. White guy. White guy. My name's Brian Smith. Thank you so much. Oh my God. Holy shit. Thank you. What the fuck? That was crazy, dude. That was Fucking absolutely nuts. Thank you.


I think, Oh God, Bryant In my defense, I'm real outta shape and had to run across the street, which is the most running I've ever done. You had to run. Yeah. I don't think you had to run. I don't think it's, did they make it so that you have to sprint, right? Yeah. No, definitely not. I had To, I had to lightly jog. What, but who told you that? Dusty, Somebody told you to lightly jog. Yeah, He was, he was just moving very quickly and I had to do that to keep up. He was walking. Yeah. Right. And we f it took a while to get there, but we found out he walked here. The Ladies and gentlemen, just making sure we would never make somebody lightly jog. Especially somebody that already looks like they've been boiled today.


Yeah. Fucking Guy. I've never met a rotisserie human before. This is absolutely unbelievable. I mean, what is that? What? What's up with you? Probably high blood pressure and a lot of drinking, Tony. Okay. Thank you. That's a special kind of pink. Yeah. Some People refer to me as red sometimes, but that is that, that's a special color. I'm never that color. Yeah. It turns out it gets worse the older you get. How Old are you? 38. The youngest person on the stage. Everybody am I is the guy that looks like our grandmother.


Holy shit. This is fucking wild. 38 years old. 38. What the fuck have you been? What? What? What happened to you? I'm 39. Tony. Joel, you're 39. 39, 30. Look at that. Joel looks 20 years younger than you. I wasn't, I wasn't blessed enough to be born with melanin, so I'm just hideously drunk all the time. Okay, so hold on. What do you fuck? Okay, Joel, you look like you've been hanging upside down for three days. I don't think there's any blood in the rest of his body. It is true. Probably isn't.


Honestly, This is incredible. Thank you. I mean, do you ever exercise? No. Is this why you Thought, oh, that's not entirely true this this Why you thought walking fast was jogging? Yeah. Right. What kind, what kind of exercise Have Every now and again I get really, really baked and do yard karate. You Look baked. Bryant Smith. Thank You. Can we see some of your yard karate? I'm obsessed with this idea. Put the mic in the mic stand. I know you've got a lot of exercise in already today. I did. And here it is. Gimme some karate music. It's fucking anything. Yep. There you go. That's really, that's your, that's your He's karate.


Yeah. One of the horn players kinds of gets it. Okay. Alright. That's enough. And a slow romantic fucking music. Guys. Can I get some karate? Anyone? Anyone got a fucking, like what's the thing you take if you have a, an inhaler? Very good. Thank you. Brian. Stick with me here. What do you do Brian? What do you do for work? I got fired on Wednesday. Okay. You do look like you've been on a fire. On fire. Yeah. Right. Okay. What did you get fired from? I got fired from T-Mobile. Oh wow. What, what did you do to get fired from T-Mobile?


Exactly. So one of my coworkers and I had this game we like to play called Get aids. And so we would take a post-it note that said get AIDS on it and hide it around our store. And our boss found it and I got blamed. Why did you get blamed? 'cause I told my boss to get AIDS like earlier that week. What do you mean you told your boss to get aids? I disagreed with the decision she made and I told her to get aids. What was the decision that she made? Exactly? I wanna know the behind the scenes where I believe it or not, I'm a T-Mobile guy. I like T-Mobile. I stand by T-Mobile. I, they use everybody's satellites.


You get free wifi on flights, believe it or not. Yeah. T-Mobile. I am loyal to the soil. No, I, I love the company. But no, she was trying to get us to do like a stupid report at the end of every day and it was stupid and for no reason. So I told her to get aids. Okay. Okay. So do You think you got a little hotheaded Jet 3 3 3 tonight. So yeah. What are you gonna do? Do you have money saved up? Yeah, I've got a little nest egg. My rent's paid up through April. And How much, how much is in the nest egg?


I'm always After, after drinking. Poor choices tonight a lot less. But it's like 1400 bucks. So 1400 bucks in the nest egg. Yeah. It's funny you have a nest egg 'cause you have fucking chicken skin, dude. God damn. Yeah. Who Laid that egg? A red robin. Oh my God. We are back. Joel Berg and Jet ski passing the ball back and forth. Shades of 2016, 17, 18, 19.


Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Oh, thank you Brian. You're welcome. Tell us something crazy about your life. You are, you are an odd bird indeed. True. And I, I can't imagine. So I went through a breakup last month that was pretty bad. Oh, I bet You did. Let's talk about that. And believe it or not, I did the breaking up. I think you mean breaking out. Okay. God damn. You do have a little bit of what would be, what would we call that? What do, what do we call that? Adult acne. Adult acne. Yeah. Guess You've always had it.


I can't afford a fucking doctor. Right? No. I've had it for, it's been like 10 years. It's been bad. Okay. Is there something that you do, do you, do you dip your face in a deep fryer or something? We're trying to, there's gotta be some type of habit that happens. Scared of soap. We All, we all drink quite a bit. We all have fun. What I, I'm pretty sure mine is I used to work like outdoors and I thought sunscreen was gay. Right, right. And that'll do it every time. White people. So again, Okay. Alright, so let's go back to this break. All right? Yeah. So how long were you with this girlfriend? We were together about nine, 10 months.


Okay. Pretty long relationship. Did she look like you? I feel like she looked Like you kind of Yeah, actually Glasses a little bit. Glasses a little bit big. Oh yeah. Yep. Perfect. Yeah. Bigger than me, but, Okay. There you go. I Like 'em Large. Okay. But yeah, we, we, we got in a huge fight. Hold on Andrew. Shit, what's, I wanna know what's on Andrew's? What, What do you mean you like him large? I like him. Fucking 5 6, 2 50. Let's go. You, you, you're okay. I got it. Got it, got it. Wow. 5 6, 2 50 Red band has entered the chat. Everybody, Yo un torta.


Wow. Okay. I, I love the Confidence. I love how you think it's like your decision. Yeah. And you think this is all by your design. A great man once said you eat where you could hunt And I need him to be slow. You saw me run over here earlier. Okay. So let's talk about the breakup. Yeah. You are you, where does it happen at? Are you at a restaurant? It was via text. Oh, oh T-Mobile. Yeah. Okay. Putting my service to the most test.


Did You leave her on red? Unbelievable. Put those jet skis in the air. Ladies and gentlemen. She is on fire. Oh my God. Alright. Holy shit. Jet Ski Johnson on tour. Jesus Christ. Jet ski johnson.com. Portland, Nashville. Rochester, Seattle. Okay. Back to the breakup. With Back to the breakup. Okay. So yeah, we got in a huge fight. What Was the fight about?


Lemme guess. You told her to get aids? Yeah, No. What was the fight about? The fight was about, we had like had a disagreement about some money and then she expected me to read her mind and then started acting like a teenager. So I was like, nah, I'm cutting it loose. Okay. Like she started like being like vague booking about it and shit and I was like, nah, we're done. Okay. How much money were you guys arguing over Like 40 bucks? 10 months of your life? Yeah. A woman that really liked you and you're willing to burn it all down the crowd for I could do better. Okay.


Alright. I love that you think that. I Know. Okay. But she also, like, during that time she was bipolar and went off her meds at the same time. Said the most heinous thing I've ever had. Anyone tell me to. I've been trying to sign up for the show a lot. Been here twice. She said you're not funny enough to make it, but you are ugly enough to make it on KILL TONY. So good luck. Oh, an honest woman. Yeah, you're right. I should call her. I should call her. Okay. All right. Well, was that it? Just the breakup? Yeah, the breakup, the losing my job.


The very heavy bender I've been on since Wednesday. When you say heavy bender, before I let you go, when you say heavy bender, what, what? Give us, paint the picture for us. What's a heavy bender to you? A 38-year-old. I, I, I start drinking at like 11 in the morning. Oh My God. What do you start with? Miller Lite. Usually your lone star. Okay. How many of those do you go through? Do you switch to liquor at some point? Yeah, around one, 1:00 PM Oh shit. Oh shit. And you were drinking while working at T-Mobile obviously? No, I don't drink at work. I'm Oh wow. Except for this job. Except for doing comedy. But no, don't drink at work.


But yeah, I would get off of work at like three, four in the afternoon. Come home and a little shot. A little shot. So how many drinks total on a, on let's say on an off day like you are now you're saying that you're on a bender. So how many drinks per day do you think we're going through now? I think I've had 15 today so far. Wow. Oh my God, this is incredible. We are, we are witnessing a slow suicide. This is amazing. Are you happy right now? Do you feel, is this the most exciting thing that's happened to you? Honestly, the audience is loving it, so I'm loving it. Thank you guys so much. Yes.


You should have heard them before you came out. They were quiet all night, Justin. Yeah, absolutely Silent. No, very fun. I'll tell you what, Brian, normally a guy like you would leave here with a little joke book. But you know what I'm gonna do? Not only am I gonna give you a big joke book, because if you're gonna write a suicide note, you gotta do it right. But I'm also gonna give you a delicious can of nicked spearmint nicotine pouches. It could help you, it could help you get off the bender that you're on. Perhaps nicotine has a lot of amazing qualities. There he goes. Brian, thank you so much everybody. Holy shit.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Whether you love true crime or comedy, celebrity interviews or news, you call the shots on what's in your podcast queue. And guess what? Now you can call them on your auto insurance too with the name Your price tool from Progressive. It works just the way it sounds. You tell Progressive how much you wanna pay for car insurance and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. Get your quote today@progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progressive, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law.


This episode is brought to you by the Nissan Armada Pro four x with a twin Turbo V six engine ready to propel your adventures. Up to 8,500 pounds of towing capacity to haul all your favorite toys and space for eight passengers. Nissan's most powerful car yet will chew up and spit out anything you throw at it. Learn more about the all new 2025 Nissan Armada at Nissan usa.com. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Alright, let's have some fun. We're gonna reset the room. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the best regulars in the show's history. A goddamn anomaly. Make some fucking noise for one of your favorite comedians. This is Cam Patterson. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. I think we as a people should research cooks. We need to look into them a little more. Nobody, that's weird to me. I think about it a lot. I have a theory on why people do cuck shit. I have a idea. In my mind I think it start like real young, like somebody like seven years old and it's like a thunderstorm outside and you don't sleep with your mom room no more.


But you scared. You scared. So you gotta go in your mom room. 'cause the thunderstorm on my side, you take your little teddy bear and your little blanket and you walk into your mom room and she end there just getting donkey fucked. Like, I mean just head on foot, just she getting, just, just demolished in your face. That's your seven seven. She's just getting fucked like hard, like hard as fuck man. And you go there, who is this man? Why is she doing this? And why is my dick hard? And that's how we get started. Right? And I really think it's usually just white people. That's y'all shit. Really? Y'all, you clapping. You scare me for that. That's terrifying. You like, yeah, I like shit like that nigga. Hell yeah.


The scariest part about the cuck shit to me as a black man is like, I'm your, I'm who y'all looking for? Which is scary. Really. Like I do shows all the time and people always come up to me like, Hey, hey she look, she look good to you, you wanna fuck her? And I go, not for free. And I'm gonna tell you something man, I, I told y'all this on the show before. My dick not huge. Right? So I would feel weird going somewhere to fuck somebody's wife and I pull my dick out and he go, nigga I coulda did this. I been So damn Patterson.


That was great. You get that a lot on the, A lot. Wow. Yeah. A lot. And you've never done it? No Uhuh. My dad want me to a lot real bad. Does he get a cut Of it? He want me to. He want me. No, he just want me like, come on, we don't wanna do that shit. Y'all just be like, nigga you weak. You weak as hell. If I was 24 in your age, I would've fucked the shit out that bitch. Let that nigga watch My dad a weird nigga man. He's a strange guy. Yeah, he very strange guy. He scares me. I like you translated for yourself. We love your dad.


Yeah, I love him too. But he's crazy dog. He a real fucking psychopath man. What do you think would happen if a couple offered him that opportunity? You think he would do it? Oh, He going missing for a couple hours. Somebody getting fucked. Some poor white lady getting fucked dog. Wow. I told you that story. We was in Utah. He had this porn star OnlyFans lady and she was like, she was in the, in the green room just showing her pussy. And my dad was like, this is the best day ever. I'm so excited for this. It was crazy. Entry makes a great point. He turned to me. He said it. Yeah. Yeah. It is a white thing, huh? Yeah. Talking A hundred percent. This is Not a black couple in the world that would invite red band to No, but that, that situation does happen a lot to comedians like these chuckle fuckers with their like slutty wives and stuff.


It's happened to you? Oh many times. Many Times. And it's, It's disturbing because the girl's not ever hot enough. That's Lie. Detect it dude. We're just such big fans. I really want you to fuck my wife to Cam. What else is going on Man? Other, other day I was, I was, I was, I went to, I went to Canada. Canada was cool. Okay. Hell yeah. I seen a red D Indian nigga for the first time. Oh wow. Yeah. Never seen one before in person. Is that. Were pointing your Glock at him. Tony. It That was good. That was good as hell.


Yes. You were at a convenience store and you go no, give me everything in the record. Wait, wait, hold on. The red dot. Wait, hold on. Yeah. The Red dot Indians you have seen before. No I haven't. You've never seen an Indian from India? No. I've never seen one with the red dot. No, No. Cam is Cam. The other ones are the ones that we kind of got outta here. I've seen, I've seen the one, the regular nigga that did. I've seen them niggas. We got a sign. We, I not seen niggas before but I've never seen the goddamn with The actual Red Dot. I've never seen the dude before. Cam was raised on the streets of Orlando, Florida. Never seen a dude and he never went anywhere. He, we've, we've been, we've on these, these interviews during this show.


We've seen him see snow for the first time. Oh wow. I frolic in and shit nigga. I bet, I bet. Yeah. Frolic. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It was good. Snow is nice. It like snow. You gotta get gloves for that shit 'cause it's cold. Okay. Real, real shit. You know that was it a man or a woman that had the red dot? Huh? You know it be cold, Nick. Oh My god. So was it a man or a woman with the red dog? It was a dude. This dude, it was a dude with the hell? Yeah. Okay. Hell, because usually it's, it's a woman that has it and for real signifies that she's married. So you met a gay Indian?


Yeah. Say you swear to God dog. Swear to God. I don't think his family would be cool with that dog. Where? Where'd You meet? Where'd you Meet? Something Tells me they wouldn't be cool with that shit at all. Dog. Where'd You meet? Where'd you meet this guy? I was in Canada nigga. I was in Canada, but I know, but where in Canada? I know. Oh God. It's a big country Not to meet nigga. I've only been to two places. Vancouver and Edmonton. That's all that all it is to me right now. Got it. I was in Vancouver though. Right, but were you at a store? Were you Bowling was, Oh, you know where I was? Gay bar, you know where I was man. What? At a store You were at a convenience. Yeah. Where they spawned at and shit like that, right? Yeah, Exactly. You know what I'm saying? Don't stop.


Stop. And you saw the red dot. What, what did, did you say anything to him? No. I was just like, this is crazy dog. I heard about him lot. What did he say to you? What was he like? Stop looting, please. This is my livelihood. Nah, do I saying 1762? That's what he said. He Said 17. That was the price of I the Price of what I wanna Do. Did you swipe it over his dot? I should have did that dog that've been a hate crime, dude. Yep. Probably. That's Crazy. We just saw a guy with a lot of red dots.


Tight shit. It's true. It's good. It's true. We went from fucking chicken pox to chicken rocks over. Alright Cam, you're a superstar. You've done it again. Cam Patterson, Ladies and gentlemen, not easy to write a new minute every single week at all. And he does it. Yep. Alright, your next bucket Pool, Ladies and gentlemen goes by the name of Matt Gonzalez. Everybody here's Matt Gonzalo. Okay. What old white people? How y'all doing? Yeah. Y'all having fun?


Have your fun Now while there's still no black pickleball players, because I mean, I've saw Jackie Robinson, I saw Tiger Woods. You guys are gonna be pissed when you see a black guy dunk a pickleball. And while we're on the topic of dunking the WNBA, all those girls are, they can cross me over. That doesn't mean I wanna watch them make a layup. I just just think they'd have a lot more viewers if they started playing shirts versus skins.


Like one rule. Brittany Grinder's always gonna be on shirts. Tell that kid to put his titties away. I was thinking about this the other day. All right, we're in there. Go ahead. We wanna hear it. Matt Gonzalez, what were you thinking about the other day? All right. I was thinking about don't ask me why I was thinking about this. I might ask you why you're in the interview part now. You're in the interview part now. Well, I mean, why are all dildos circumcised?


Why were you thinking about that? Well, I just finished jacking off and I was looking at it. I was like, man, why is it circumcised? I was like, who? Who owns big dildo? Like the, like is it the Jews? What is the DLL Dough? Okay, Matt, welcome. Have you've been on this show before? You look familiar. Yeah, I've been on before. Okay. Okay. Remind us all, what do you do for work? I'm a mechanical designer. I make desks and shit. That was super. Okay. Super. How long you been on standup? Probably about like a year and A half.


Year and a half. Good premise with the black pickleball players? Yes. Thank you. Thank You. Sorry Matt. You're Good. Matt. I apologize I had to use the bathroom. You just missed it. But I do apologize. I heard you killed. That's what they, the guys back there said, so I apologize. Yeah. Appreciate that. Yeah, he did good. He talked about there's no black pickleball players and enjoy it now white people because when they start, just like with all other sports, they're gonna take over. That Is like the cocking of sports, huh? Yeah. Yeah. They're gonna get in there. Yep. Yeah. White people just keep making new sports until black people get good at it. Yes. Right. That's that's true. Yeah. You should add that to your, add that to the thing. Yeah. That's the new best part of the whole joke.


Yeah. It's called the X Games. Yeah. Now we do have to keep doing that. That's really interesting. And when you're white and you get older, those sports are really appealing. Yeah, Yeah. You just start doing like fucking four square with a net and shit. And like spike ball. You guys like spike ball? Yeah. Yeah. You're Mexican. My bad Pic ball. Yes. It's Berg. He can say that. I can say it because he good. It's good is Latino. Ladies and gentlemen. So Matt Gonzalez, what have you been doing for fun? What does a guy like you do for fun?


Man, I've been going to baseball games. This dude recognized me from the show at the baseball game. Wow. He just like, I'm getting a beer. And he's like, yo hammock. I'm like, what the fuck? That's One talking about, that was one of your jokes. No, it was all right. Alright. Why would he call you hammock? We found out in the interview that I sleep in a hammock. That's right. Do you still sleep on a hammock? Yeah. Wow. You love it. Yeah. You love it? Yeah, I love it. I can't sleep any other way. I'm just like a, I need to Know who makes those screws? You? It's, it's by choice though.


Yeah. Sleeping in the hammock. Just that it At this point. Yeah. Yeah. I, it's like, it's been like too long. How long, how long has it been? It's Been like two years. I think it's Been, It's been like two years still in there. Wow. Two years in a hammock. You have, you have a sore back. Yeah. I actually, believe it or not, I go to the gym and when I go to the gym, I lay down and like stretch my back. And every single time I just lay flat and I'm like, wow, this feels good. If you had a bad, what's your living situation?


This is crazy that you I Nothing changed. I still live. We don't, we don't remember. We got, we do this every week. Yeah. I still live with my grandpa. You live with your grandpa? Yeah. He lives here. Does he sleep in a He sleeps in a normal bed. Okay. It's Willy Wonka style. They sleep in the same hammock. Sometimes I get cold, we cuddle. Okay. But he sleeps in a normal bed. Yeah. And where is your hammock located? In a totally different room, right? Oh, it's inside. It's an indoor Hamm. Yeah. It's inside. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. Is it in its own bedroom? Yeah. Yeah. I got my own. It's a hammock room, not a bedroom.


You're a funny guy. Thank you. Thank you. You are funny delivery. Yeah, it is Great delivery. It is. You, you, you are, you have a real natural knack at being funny. Thank you. Do you do a lot of spots? You working hard? Yeah, I'm trying to go to spots every chance I get around town. Yep. Okay. Alright. Can I ask you a que Okay. And I'm, this might have been covered in the past episode, so forgive me, I've now missed both. Do. When you bring a girl back to the hammock, Oh yeah. What is the immediate reaction from them?


What was that on fire Tonight? It's Jon Deas. What was, oh, what is that, John? There you Go. He's taking credit. Okay. Yeah. What is the reaction to that? Usually the reaction is like, all right, I can make this work. Wow. Well, I thought it'd be a net loss. Oh my God. She is in full jet ski form tonight. We've seen this before. Ladies and gentlemen. The engines are fully operational on this jet ski. Holy shit. Wow. So you're with women that are so unbelievably easy that they see a hammock and they're like, let's fucking go big Daddy.


Do you try to go back to their place though? Like, like, like the whole time you're trying to sell, like let's go back to Your place. Well, yeah, of course. I don't wanna See, I don't want them to see it like, right. What's your type swingers. This is unbelievable. Let's switch spots. Let's switch spots. I'll play the fucking trumpet. She's on fire. Ladies and gentlemen. Oh my God. Jetski. Jesse Johnson, Rochester, Nashville for, I should have given you all my dates. Check them out. No, but Seriously, what is the reaction? Yeah, no, my type is low hanging fruit though.


Boom. Unbelievable. The hammock jokes are going ballistic here on KILL TONY. Full swing. Incredible. From post to post, the hammock jokes are elevated. Incredible. Yeah. Well you can only do so many positions on that, right? There is no doggy style that's out unless you just ever bent over the actual hammock. But you can't be on the hammock yourself. That would be an absolute disaster. A ticking time bomb, if you will. He does it sideways, if I Remember right. Yes. Yes, that's correct. Red band. Oh, You remember?


Yeah. He remembers any, any anywhere where the word ham is. Red band's watching through a window smash. Okay. A hammock, A bacon egg, A cake. Oh my goodness. She likes black cock. What? Red band. Stick with the soundboard. Alright. Matt Gonzalez. What, is there anything else crazy? Any other updates we should know about your life since the last time you were on? Where Can people see you? Do you do standup here? Yeah, I do standup at small bars around town, between trees all over the country.


Yes. You, you might recognize them from between two ferns with hell yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. No, I'm really just hanging Out. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Catch 'em floating around all around town. So what's the longest set you've ever done? Probably be like 10 minutes. Yeah. Love To have You do a short set at the Secret show. Wow. Look at that. And you already have a big joke book, right? Oh, you got a small one last time. Yeah. You took it away. Why did I take away your small joke book? I Already had one. You took it away. A small joke book. Yeah. And so you, you've been on twice before. Both times you've been given a small joke book.


Yes sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this is it. That's where all the hard work gets you. Matt Gonzalez. Now I'm gonna tell you, when I pulled this out, I noticed it's special quality right away. Because take note, the drummer's name is Michael Gonzalez. We sent him off to enjoy the show from the upper balconies for the first time ever. And since then I've pulled a Brian Smith, a Cam Patterson, obviously was set to go up. And Ari Matti Gonzalez. And now Ladies and gentlemen, in an unbelievable turn of events. Your next comedian goes by the name of Peter Gonzalez.


Everybody, this is your third Gonzalez on stage tonight. This is an anomaly. Make some noise one more time for Peter Gonzalez. What's up? How's everybody doing? That's good, bro. I'm from San Antonio. Yeah, I recently left San Antonio and people always ask me why I left San Antonio and the answer is, I just got tired of remembering the Alamo. That's like San Antonio's motto, you know, every year ago people were like, Hey, do you remember what happened? I'm like, no, I don't. And it's not because I'm an asshole or anything, I'm just tired of like white people giving me tests, you know?


Like I was at the Alamo Starbucks and the waitress, she tells me, Hey, can I get a name for your order and can I also, can you also tell me who won the Battle of the Alamo? And I was like, nah bro. Next question. Yeah, I've been in Austin for a couple months now. Yeah, bro. Yeah. Been here for a couple months and I like it, man. It's really different, you know, like, like they got a lot of like white homeless people here. Yeah, bro. Like, like white homeless people are ra are way different than regular pe homeless people, you know, like, like this guy paid my college tuition off and shit.


Yeah, bro. It was like meeting Santa Claus on heroin. Okay. Peter gon Gonzalez everybody, let's just get right into it, Peter. Yeah, Andrew, go ahead. Get us. How long, how Long have you been doing standup? Two years. You're gonna be good. Oh, appreciate it. Thank you. No, I I I'm not being facetious. I genuinely believe you're gonna be good. I appreciate it, bro. You're figuring things out right now, but you got, I know it sounds crazy. It looks like I'm being sarcastic, but you're gonna be fucking good. I appreciate it, man. I love your shit, bro. Keep at it. Keep at it. But I genuinely believe if you keep at it, you're gonna be good. Thank you, Bro. I Love your shit. You have an interesting energy. There's like a cool gravity. Obviously the jokes are gonna get there, whatever, but they, I, Yeah.


Jokes were Shitty. Listen, it's two years in. None of us. Were fucking good. Two years in. The point is, I, you have something I kind of just wanted you to keep talking. Appreciate It, bro. Thank You. Remember like when you, when that joke didn't go over and you were like, anyways, so Yeah, I moved it and then Yeah. Yeah. They, they started laughing because there's something about you, so keep at it. I genuinely believe it's gonna take a while as it does for all of us. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, definitely. But I, I'm, I'm excited for you man. Thank you Andrew. Appreciate it, bro. Never do that Alamo joke again though. Yeah. Yeah. If it doesn't hit here, it's never gonna hit shit. People know what The fuck an Alamo Is. No one. Oh, okay. Gotcha, gotcha. So we don't remember Like, like some local humor type shit, but No, exactly. You don't want anyone to do that. People wanna know about you.


Not your fucking outlook on some old historical fucking site. We about Peter, huh? Yeah. You also said white, white people are different than Regular homeless people though. Well, I meant like there's more white homeless here. Like it's just a lot more than San Antonio. There's a bunch of Mexicans in San Antonio right over here. It's like, you know, I need some, Okay, let's talk about it. Peter, what do you do for work? I work right now I work at an Office Depot. Okay. What do you do at an Office Depot? Do you stand outside looking for secretary work? No, bro. That deserves the bigger life for sure, because Mexicans are usually at Home Depot.


All right. Right, right, Right. That's how you know they're coming up in the world, bro. They lose out the Opposite. Standing outside of an opposite. Taxes, accounting. Who got some W twos? Huh? Fucking, I'll take your fucking W2 right Now. A Ws Fucking write that shit off right off everything fool. Okay. Sorry. I'm fucking nervous. So I'm, I'd love to be laughing right now. I'm just nervous as hell. You're okay. You're doing great buddy. It's Compelling. It's great. Yeah, it's great. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. You're doing just fine. You're the third funniest Gonzalez that's been on this stage tonight. God Damn. You're doing great. No, you're doing fine. I'm just kidding. So Office Depot, what do you do at Office Depot? Yeah. Oh, I'm mainly like a salesman.


I like sell paper to white people. Sell me some paper right now. Give them this single spotlight. I want you to sell me some. Well, I'm about to get fired because I make such little sales About It's okay. No, you're doing great. They love you. But yeah, I'm a pretty shitty salesman, honestly. I just throw out the, okay, Let's go. Full lights. Back up. You gave it a shot. So, So let's say me and Tony walk in and we're just like, listen man, we ran out of paper bro. We need some paper back. Yeah, sir. Can I help you to, What the fuck? See, I'm shitty, bro. Like I, bro, We need paper bro. We need some paper. We have nothing for a print or what do we do? What, What kind of paper would you, would you like? Like what are you looking for?


Like, are you looking for like a Specific I want some nice stationary actually. I like, I like fancy paper with like borders or something like that. You can you tell me where the Oh yeah. Don't say borders or papers to a Mexican guy. Dude, I'm, I'm waiting for it. Berg. Berg. Alright. Okay, so, So you sell papers to Mexican? I sell green cards. Green card paper to Mexicans? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but there are a lot of Mexicans that come in and need help, like getting their green card. That's basically what I'm, for know, they walk in and I translate.


I'm like, that green card, they're like, yeah. And they take 'em to the printer and help them out. And you Call ice and you're like, they're fucking here. Get 'em. Yeah, exactly. Get 'em, get 'em. We got another one. Peter, what do you like to do? How old are you? I'm 31. 31. What do you do for fun? You go to San Antonio and hang out with them. Chachas Pretty much like go see family in San Antonio. Yeah. But What do you do for fun? How does a guy like you let loose? I don't know, bro. I'm pretty boring. I just like smoke weed, sit at home and write jokes. Perform a couple times a week and Come on. There must be something, you must have a hobby, something you like. I Play soccer like Oh, play like Sunday Amateur soccer league.


Oh my goodness Gracious. Yeah, I play with like 30 illegal Mexicans. Yeah, yeah. They've all been deported since, so it's just me now. Yeah, That's funny. Yep. No doubt about it. Goals. That is good strategy though. Like, if you're playing like the really good team in the league and you know, a couple of the guys shouldn't be here, right? Yeah, yeah, exactly. You make a phone call. Right, right, right, right, right, right. Okay. Peter, what you in a relationship right now? No, I haven't been, I haven't been in a relationship in a couple months. Honestly, no.


What happened a couple months ago? What you, what happened with That girl? I don't know. It was, You guys argue over 40 bucks or something? No. No. Shit. It's been a minute, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. It was like this white girl. It was with we, it wasn't really like a Where'd You meet the white girl at? At my job. Oh shit. Yeah. That's the only way I get laid. I just gros at my job. I don't really, Joel Honey, you can't spell deport without Depot. I just, that Is true. That is true. So she came in Office Depot. What was she looking for? This one? No, this was when I worked at Target. Like she Oh, Was A coworker? Yeah, she's a coworker. Wow, okay. Yeah, she was a coworker at Target. Yeah. And then how did it go down?


You guys were in the break room? We just smoked weed together. And In your car? Yeah. Yeah. And eventually we just Started. What kind of car is it? What kind of Honda Civic is it Toy Toyota. Toyota Camry. Toyota Camry. I Don't have a car anymore. Blew up couple months ago. Absolute twin sister of the Honda Civic for those of you. Yeah. Is it white? What? Is it white? No, it's blue. So what happened to your car? Huh? What happened to your car? I don't know. The engine just blew up one day, like a couple months ago. It just exploded. And You don't know how to fix It? I'm bad. Nah, I'm bad with car. I'm horrible. I'm the worst Mexican ever. I would've asked you. No, no. I'm the worst Mexican ever, bro. I'm can't speak Spanish. Can't fucking fix cars.


Can't clean shit. I'm bad. I'm very bad. I'm a disappointment. You make up for it by playing soccer every Sunday. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Peter, what scares you? Are you afraid of anything? This shit? Yeah. It's stage fright. Stage fright. Other than that, what else? Come on. There must be something Like what scares me Ever of a nightmare or something like that. Something Nightmares. Nah, don't I Love Mexican sake. I really don't know what to Nightmares. Nah, I don't. Don't really have it, Bro. What happened when you found out your name was called? What? What? What? Like What happened when you found out your name was called you were gonna go on tonight.


What was that feeling like? I was excited, bro. Like I low key knew it was gonna happen. I don't know why I just, today I was ready. Yeah. I was just like, I don't know why. Yeah. I just knew it. I was just ready. I was just smiling, just ready back at poor, poor choices. Just kind of motivated. You could feel it when you went there today. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I just felt it. I was just feeling good today. Felt you Have, you have powerful instincts. Has that ever happened before where you, like you thought something was gonna happen and then it happened? Nah, nah. Usually I think, no. No. I try to be, You are funny. I love This case, Man. Schultz was right about you. There's something in there. Keep fucking doing it. Keep working hard.


Don't ever do the but make me a promise. You'll never do the fucking Alamo joke again. Okay. All Right. Never again bro. Here we go. A tiny ass joke book. All Is a little joke. I think he, I think he has some great advice, which is just like kind of talk about yourself, man. Yeah. Talk about what you're going through and yeah, we're interested in it. Clearly appreciate it. You're crazy likable, bro. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. You look like A fucking Pixar character nigga. You The fuck Nigga. It was an encanto. Yeah. Alright, well appreciate It. There he goes. Peter Gonzalez. Ladies and gentlemen. There Goes Peter,


Still getting around to that fix on your car. You got this on eBay, you'll find millions of parts guaranteed to fit. Doesn't matter if it's a major engine repair or your first time swapping your windshield wipers. eBay has that part you need. Ready to click perfectly into place for changes big and small, loud or quiet. Find all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. But you already know that eBay things people love eligible items, Only exclusion supply.


Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Duckham.


Alright, your next bucket poll goes by the name of Tyler Langlois. Tyler Langlois. Here we go. Make some noise One more time. Everybody. These people wait all day for this. Tyler Langlois. Hey everybody. How's it going? You guys all seem very cool. You seem very nice. I was not cool growing up and actually in elementary school and middle school, my classmates used to make fun of me and say that I gave off serial killer vibes. But now that I've watched every serial killer documentary on Netflix, I realize that those were compliments.


Yeah. Most of those guys are pretty damn charming. It's like, oh, you think I look like the kind of guy who can trick a woman into getting in my car? Thank you. I don't know why so many girls like serial killers. Like I feel like I know so many girls who are obsessed with serial killers. Like Ted Bundy murdered women and then had sex with their bodies and they saw his picture in the newspaper and they were like, I can fix him. Okay, there he is.


Tyler Langlois. Hi Tyler. Hello. This is your first time on the show, correct? Yeah. Welcome, welcome. How long you been doing standup? Like I think like eight years. Eight years. Where? At Jersey? All of it. In Jersey? Yeah. Jersey, Philly. You still live in Jersey? Yeah, I flew in this afternoon. Amazing. Whoa. Just for this, I'm hanging out for a week. Sweet. Awesome. Look at you. Lucky guy. Eight years from Jersey. What do you do for work in Jersey? I work at a pizzeria. A Pizzeria. That is so jersey. This is Jersey as, it's as Jersey as it gets. It's like the last guy playing soccer on Sundays. How long you been working at a pizzeria? Too long. Yeah.


Yeah. How long is that Right now, like for this time, three years. But then there's been some other stretches. Are we doing a thin crust, deep dish? What Are we talking about today? We're doing thin crust. We're doing regular. We actually had Dave Portnoy at our pizzeria last week. Ooh, wow. What? What Was the rating? 7.4. That's a solid. That was really good. Pretty Solid. That's a solid Rating. That is really good. Did you happen to make that pizza that day? No, I took the phone call. Wow. And it said Dave's gonna be coming in around three or something like that. Well I found out that I guess New Jersey has like a pizzeria spy network anytime he's in town. So we got a phone call at like 11:00 AM It's like Dave's in town. Wow.


And that we were just prepared all day. That's my question. If you know he's coming, is it a different pizza than you're normally serving? It was. We were like, if someone orders just a plain pie, let let the guys know. 'cause we're making it special. Yeah. Wow. Ah. So that 7.4 is not fucking legit. I don't wanna fuck shit on the pizza Place, but I bet every place is like that. Right? Exactly. Yes. They're in on it. What's the name of the pizza place? Romeo's. Italian American Romeo's. Italian American Romeo's. They, My boss is gonna be so happy about this. Good.


That was a really funny joke by the way. Thank you. Yeah, that was a really good joke. I thought that was funny. You guys can't see this, but your lack of ass is insane. Let's see it. Turn around for us. Let's see that. Oh my god. It's incredible. It is incredible. It is thin crust. Oh, he's got that New York style ass. Whoa. He looks like a dog standing up. Right? That's crazy. Oh, oh my god. I'm, I'm working on it. I, I used to be like 400 pounds. So you lost, you lost weight? Yeah. Bravo. Bravo.


Wow. How do you lose weight? All outta your ass. I didn't, I never had one. It was worse before. That is Incredible. I had negative ass before. That Is incredible. How a 400 pounds. How did you lose the weight? Tell red band how you lost it? Honestly, I started just going on walks and smoking a lot of weed. He's got the weed part down. Yeah, but the walk thing, I mean like how, how far a walk do You do? Like five miles. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, like three times a week, five miles. Then I go to the gym. Oh. What do you do at the gym?


Just lift some weights. Usually get high for that too. Yeah, No problem. That I gotta trick myself. Yeah, absolutely. Incredible. What Else? What else about you? What else about you, Tyler? Tell us more about your life. Your parents live in Jersey, your whole family's there. Yeah, I live with my whole family. You Live with your whole family? Yeah. How big is the family? I Got two brothers, a sister and then also my one brothers and my sisters significant other live with us too. They all live in the same house. How many bedrooms is this house? Three upstairs and two in the basement. Are you in the basement? Of course. Of course. Basement energies if I've ever seen them before.


It is absolutely incredible. The home of the flat ass people, they all go to the basement. So we are, we do a special thing here. You got a 7.4 from Dave Portnoy. But here on KILL TONY, we do a special thing. We go on Yelp and we go to the lowest reviews possible. I'm gonna read a one star review from Romeo's. Italian kitchen ordered an Italian hotdog. You make Italian hotdog. I don't make anything. But your place makes Italian hot dogs. Yeah. Right.


What exactly is an Italian hotdog? I am Italian American. I, if anyone should know what an Italian hotdog is, it should be me. Explain to me what that is. I think is It just a hotdog with marinara sauce and cheese on it? It's Like more of a sausage than a hot dog. Okay. It's got some, you know, onions, peppers. I love sausage mustard on It. Okay, let's go back to this. I ordered an Italian hot dog. I had to ook the hot dog in my air fryer. The smallest amount of potatoes I ever had, they come with a side of potatoes. Oh, There's potatoes on it. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Mozzarella sticks also not cooked well, they are so chewy, unpleasant to eat. Will not go back there from Nancy.


Oh, 11 months ago you worked there 11 months ago, didn't you? I did. We got new mozzarella sticks since then though. Oh, okay. Perfect. Bruce, one year ago says I ordered two salads for delivery. When they arrived they were crammed in a bag that was so small they were spilling out. The delivery guy tosses the salads and they shockingly don't get caught and spill all over the ground. He tells my girlfriend, it's her fault. She should be more careful and leaves. Why wasn't my order replaced at no charge? Why is your delivery guy a psycho who blames others when his only job is handing off food without dropping it all over the ground and then leaving her to clean it up? Why do you use bags so inappropriate for these items?


I'm sure others have called you out on it. You disgust me and open my eyes to the joys of DoorDash. Take care. It's a lot of questions. Would you like to answer any of 'em? Okay. Over two years ago, my wife and I found it interesting that the counter guy, the one that thinks he's really cool, was wearing sweatpants with the word yikes boldly displayed on the front of his crotch. The front, what the Fuck?


This is crazy. Nice attire for a family establishment. We ate our bland pizza and left vowing to never return. Vowing. Who says vowing on a one star vow? I mean, you must know you worked there every day. You must know the guy that wore the sweatpants with Yikes. Across the front. Was it you? It was not me. It Wasn't you, but we caught you on the camera. Tony cooking pizzas on the sofa. Alright. I know the guy who thinks he's very cool, but I've not seen the yikes pants. Okay, here we go. Maybe he's retired.


Then Boss G with 11 likes updated over three years ago says greasy shit. You can tell it's greasy shit. You can tell it's literal sweaty pizza and is so terrible. I had a terrible experience with the survive. Took way too long. Are we What? There's A couple Romeos. Is this the right Romeos? Oh wow. Wow. What's the, what's the address? It is the one on Elton Adelphia. Fuck wow.


Ladies and gentlemen, I like your style. Tyler, you're leaving here with a big joke book. Congratulations. Thank you. And And I can't wait to check out your pizza soon. Like it's gonna be great. Thanks. Yeah, You're awesome. You've been stepping up our game. I love it. No, and by the way, those were just the one star reviews overall. It sits at a four and a half stars. Yeah. 49 reviews. Yeah. 99 reviews. 4.3 stars. Bravo. Yeah, It's, it's, it's wonderful. Red band. Doesn't know how to read everybody. It's why it's red band. Not read band. Everyone. Alright. There he goes. Great stuff. Good job Tyler Lang Loy, everybody.


Alright, let's get one last bucket. Pull out there. Is that cool? You guys have a little energy. Your final bucket pull of the night has the kind of name where he is probably eaten at a Romeo's pizzeria before. Make some noise for Vinny raci. Everybody. Vinny raci. Oh hell yeah. This guy must be the owner. Alright, one, one more time for Vinny raci. Everyone Can you guys, imagine if races were contagious. You know, like the common cold and you get it for five to 10 days and you wake up one morning with a mild case of Mexican and you are like, fuck.


But the next day you got all your landscaping done yourself, but all the drinks you have between those five to 10 days are warm 'cause you're afraid of ice. Something to think about. Or you wake up with a case of Caucasian and your credit report is up 123 points. Or you gotta call into work and you're like, boss, I'm not gonna make it in today. I'm feeling Really? That's on you. That's on you. I, I didn't say anything.


Hey, you guys hear about that new Mexican? Alright, Keep going, keep going. But that new Mexican weight loss immigration pill, not only are you gonna be in losing weight and an Olympian at running, jumping, and swimming, but you're also damnit. Alright, alright, alright. Oh, it's gonna be called pic. Sorry. Thank you. Check, check, check here. Yes. Okay. Alright. Vinny, what's up? Hi buddy. How are you? I'm good. How are you?


You remind me of something. I don't know what it is. It's not human. It's not human. It's not human. There's something wonderful. It's like something, it's like a maybe, maybe it's like a pug. We mo a we mo it is white. The lion sleeps tonight. Absolutely. Okay. So you look like a fish that owns a pawn shop, A fish that owns a pawn shop. Kinda. Yeah. Interesting. It was something to think about something. Yeah. That's your catchphrase. That's your catchphrase. Just say something to About something. Think about after every, something to think about.


What do you think happened there at the end? That joke that you forgot. I knew I was coming up to a minute and I was contemplating not doing it, but then I felt there was a little bit of time. Okay. And I tried going too quick. How long you been doing standup Benny? About three years doing it. Giving it my a hundred percent. Okay. What do you do for a living? I am a maintenance tech for the apartment complex that I live at. Okay. Where do you live? It's about 15 minutes north of here. Okay, Perfect. Far West Hills. Okay, perfect. And you do maintenance. Will you ever get a crazy maintenance call? What's the worst thing you ever had to do? You ever have to plunge a toilet Or something? There's, I mean, just the way some people live is, is just, it's, it's ridiculous.


Right? It's just ridiculous. You're Italian, right? I'm a, I'm Italian. Yeah. So you're a very clean guy. You Have like, I'm a neat freak. You have like a black leather furniture I'm picturing, right? I do have a black leather couch. Oh my God. Now that's Italian. Yes sir. How many thrones? How many thrones do you have? Very good red band. There you go. So Vinny raci, you have a girl? I do not. No. You're single. I am single. How long have you been single for? Shit, I haven't had a girlfriend in a long time, bro. I was, last time I was on here we talked about I was a virgin until I was 28 years old. You've been on this show before? I have. Wow. Yeah. You'd think I would remember a fucking Face that that was Jeffrey Ross.


Like that. You'd think I'd remember a neck like that. What is that? I don't have a neck. What do you Mean's? Unbelievable. I've been told I don't have a neck. No you Don't. Yeah. It's incredible. You never could have played football because the helmet would've scraped up against your shoulder pads. It's unbelievable. Vinny. So, wow. 28 you lost your virginity. Yeah. How, how did that happen? How's that Hooker In Amsterdam. Okay. Yeah. But how did you not have sex before that? Did something happen to you when you were a kid, Vinny? No, no. I was always the good guy. I never, I, you know what? I was afraid of rejection. That's what it was. So I stayed the fuck away.


That's right. That's right. And how about lately? When's the last time you had sex with a hooker? At 28. How old are you now, Benny? I am 56. I just turned 56. 56. Yeah. So what's your body count since the hooker? Since the hooker? Yeah. Shit, that was 96. I would say 10. Right? 10 or 12. Okay. I mean, I feel like, you know exactly, I don't feel like you lose count after 10. Well, I, I mean, in 96 it's 10 or 12. No chance that it's 11. Yeah. Well, who are those two? Well, I mean, I lost it to a hooker.


Yeah. And then I was there for a week, so I went back probably four times. But same hooker or different hookers? No. Different. Different. Yeah. Okay. So now you're at five. Yeah. Yeah. So you had sex with five girls and 96. Yep. And then over the next 30 years, you had sex with five more six or se I I honestly Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Five or seven more. You don't know. Whoa. That's what I'm talking about. Forearm. Yeah. No, I, I I I would say 15 at the most. Wow. I, well, I mean, you, you made a good point. You Were bringing it to light and I was like, who lies down 30 Years?


Who lies? Be honest. It's five, right? It's five, right? It was seven. Okay. Okay. There we go. There we go. Benny, when's the last time? So I moved here in 2000. I, I moved here in 2021. So what, September of 2021. 2021. Yep. 'cause I was only here for a week and I was like, holy shit, I just got laid. What happened? How did you get laid that fast? She Picked her, picked her up in a bar. She was having problems with her cat. What kind of problems, what kind of problems was she having with her cat? She was sad because her cat, she had to put it on medication and she went to the bar and drank a bottle of wine. And I happened to be there to, to take advantage?


Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Wow. True thirds. True thirds. Wow. Yeah. And, and then you get her back to your place. Went back to her place. Okay. Yep. And what was that like? Did you see the cat? I Did. Did it look sick? No. It looked fine. No It didn't. Yeah, It looked fine to you. Yeah, But it was on meds, so maybe the meds were working. I don't know. It was fun. It was a great time. I like that. Yeah. Did you, did you pet the cat? Did you talk to the cat at All? I pet both of them. Okay. Yeah. Alright.


Yep. Hell yeah. Yes sir. Absolutely. Do you go down on her franzi Box? Wow. Red band getting verbal red, verbal red band. Everybody. Okay. Vinny raci taking a girl to the black Coie. Yes, sir. Okay. Tell us, Bro, your arms look long as fuck. Dude, my arms. Oh, That is a thing. That is one of the things. Training Arms with a monkey. But your arms are crazy. I do have long arms. I I, my dress shirts, they never fucking fit that. Never. It's the arms, arms in the neck.


I really appreciate you guys building my fucking self-esteem here. I already told you I Don't get, well what are, what are we gonna do affect your pussy game? Help a brother out. Stop Making it funny. If you, if you want compliments, go to Amsterdam and pay for 'em. Yeah. 50 gilders. Vinny, thank you so much for coming back. Did you get a little joke book last time? I Got a little one Last time. Okay, well then, there you go. You already got one. Thank you. Vinny Rouche, everybody. How fun. Alright, this is it. You know what time it is everybody. There's only one way to end an episode like this with the icon, Ladies and gentlemen.


Some people call him God's gift to the universe. God himself said that some people call him the Vanilla Gorilla, the Memphis Strangler. This is the big red machine. The one and only William Montgomery. Kamala Harris just signed with a major talent agency. And in all honesty, I didn't realize blowing people to further your career was considered a talent.


Harriet, the spy died. Was she too deep? I heard she was asking too many questions. Michelle Trachtenberg is dead. Remember that show on vh? One called Behind the Music And now in every episode the band was hotter than ever, but off stage things were falling apart. Have y'all seen a behind the music lately? Yeah. Who got the last laugh? VH one. Fuck you. VH one. Fuck you VH one. Did y'all know Osama Bin Laden made a skate video? Yeah, I listened to the audio book. It's pretty decent.


Okay, Tony. That's my time. William Lights out. See? How did people, the Harriet the spy joke. That's a wonderful joke. And nobody's laughing. I'm telling everybody backstage. Nobody's laughing backstage. We literally, I think Because this a horrible idea. I've never in my life seen red band look up a joke in real time on his phone. He's like, what the fuck Harriet? The spy that, but that's the girl that died this week. Yeah. I think she had a bad alcohol problem and had to get her liver fucking replaced. We had a 38-year-old up here earlier. If he's still alive, she's, well, no, she's dead. So William, very fun.


What was that last thing that you had trickled out there on at the end? What was that about? Just Osama bin Laden, the idea. He literally had a skate video. People don't realize that. A skate? Yeah, skate Like roller. Like rollerblading. Like a roller. You say Rollerblader rollerblading video. Okay. Yeah. Like now that I know that Rollers and stuff, He had a video of him rollerblading. Yeah. No, he is a really big rollerblader. A lot of people don't know that about Osama Bin Laden and they all think about nine 11, all this bullshit. But he was actually a really good rollerblader. There were actually some skateboard videos. People loved him skateboarding. It's really cool. Seriously? Wow. And I literally, they made it into an audio book and I literally was listening to the audio book on the way to Cleveland on Friday.


So what does that, what does that sound like, the audio book of him? Rollerblader? It's some Middle Eastern sounding guy. Just kind of, yeah, just this Middle Eastern guy describing Osama. What I was listening to was skateboarding. It was a lot of skateboarding, just the different tricks. They're like, okay, he is going up into the pool. He just dropped in. He did a 360 on the way down. Just a lot of stuff like that. Wow. And I know a decent amount about rollerblading, skateboarding, what have you. So I was able to really kind Of picture how you a decent amount about rollerblading. I started getting into it recently. Tony, You have roller blades, Huh? Yeah, I have roller blades. I skate. Are you serious skate? Yeah. Are we, are you and I gonna go to the Barton Street Mall or Barton Creek Mall and go rollerblading in there?


I Think so. They let people on Wednesday mornings. I think we have a new fucking arena entrance for you. Oh My gosh. Hold on. What's Redband doing? I'll Go with you guys if you don't mind. You know how to roller blade. I love rollerblading. Are you serious? Yeah, dude. You have roller blades? Yes. Tony. I feel like we would go and then we'd be like, hold on, where's red band? And we look behind us. And you're dying on the ground having a heart attack. I dunno if he, I think, I think he has rollerblading and donut eating. Confused. But yeah. Red. When's the last time you went rollerblading? It actually has been a while. Like I, I used to use it as an exercise, like going really fast up hills and then going down and trying not to die.


'cause there's no breaks. How many years ago was this? I would say five, Five years ago. You were roller bleeding up hills? Yeah, But I, I had all the protection. Knees, hands, belly, everything. Belly. Yeah. Okay. That's unbelievable. I picture red band going up a hill on roller blades and just going backwards. There's no way. 0%. There's no Way you would know how to fucking roller blade up a hill. Seriously. There's no way. There's no way. No way. No way. It'll take a ton of strength. There's How do you even angle your feet on that when red hand? You wouldn't even know how to do that. His knees would, Yeah, they'd buckle like a fucking house. Weak knees fucking falling. You have great knees. No Weak knees. I have very weak knees.


Wow. How do you know this? 'cause my, my knees pop outta place all the time. And the top bone and the bottom go goes together. I happen to Skank fest. Number one. Remember some dude like jumped on my Knee. I do remember that. That's why he is not allowed to exercise. That's why he has to stay on the couch all day because his knees click in and out. So that's Clicking it out. Tell Janice Yeah. Killed bad knees over here. Okay. William, what's been going on this week? Well, I left Tony, I had a really good time last Monday just hanging out in Mitzi's. And I get back out to my car and my car's gone. And I think, oh, and then I come back here and one of the nice police officers talks to me and tells me that they took my license plate as well.


So I'm thinking this is some weird conspiracy. Somebody's getting my ass. And I make it to the tow truck place at like 2:00 AM and my license plate is off the car. I have to spend $300 on that. I just spend $500 on the actual ticket. It was this nightmarish $800. I'm fucking $800 in the hole right now. I literally did buy a couple skateboards recently. Seriously. So this isn't good. But yeah. And then I, I finally have Texas plates now though. I had my Tennessee plates on. So they, they ran the, I didn't realize I'd had, I had a newer Tennessee license plate and I didn't realize the numbers and letters were different on it, Tony. So they ended up running the plates. So it said it wasn't for my car. So they took the license plate and then I'm at the fucking tow truck place, just sleepy and feeling really grouchy and there's no place to fucking sit.


But yeah, that happened last Monday. And then I went to Cleveland on Friday and Saturday. And it was a lot of fun. Cleveland was fun. The lovely hilarity. It was a bunch of fun. No, it was not at hilarity. Oh, where were you? It was a, It was an improv. Now it's a funny bone. It was the what? Funny bone. Oh Boy. Yeah. All right. The funny bone. I mean, it was, let's just say something else, Tony. Yeah. No, it was really nice. Oh, okay. Had a very nice time. Okay. I love it. And the shows went good. Everything's smooth. Yeah. Shows were good. They were good. What else is going on? Anything else crazy in life Still just rowing.


I have 19,000 meters since yesterday. Wow. Fucking three hours of sleep. Go fucking row. 10,000 fucking meters. Listen to a bunch of beck, his old school Beck. I'm back in my days of partying in fucking LA doing my blow. Wow. So it was exciting. And then I went back. Today I am addicted to it now. I get real addicted to stuff, so it's cocaine and alcohol. It was a real nightmare. But now I'm just addicted to the rowing, so that's, luckily I think a lot more healthy. Yeah. You're addicted to rowing. You have been addicted to many things. Would you like to list off some of the things that you've been addicted to to this audience? Fuck. I mean, obviously puzzles went through a giant puzzle, space phase, and I actually bought a puzzle table.


I fucking bought myself a puzzle table for Christmas, and I haven't used it as sitting behind one of the doors. It's this wonderful puzzle table that, have You done puzzles on a, on a normal table since then? I was doing it on a little card table. No, I haven't done any puzzles. I just stopped and I've probably ate unopened puzzles at my place right now. Wow. Wow. Yeah. What, what made you stop? It just got so hard. Looking for the little pieces. Looking for the little Pieces. Would Like, you gotta look for the border at the beginning, like that starts turning into a nightmare. It's like, okay, I am looking for another border piece. Then you look for the specific colors, and then it just starts becoming such a drag. And it's so nice. Joel and Jesse are here tonight.


It's so nice. It's like we're back at the comedy store. It's a family reunion here. A lot of fun energies here. Would you like to list off some more things that you were addicted to before we let you outta here? Prune juice. I'm currently addicted to prune juice. Tony, I had some squirts earlier. Yep. I fucking get back from Cleveland last night, and I'm farting so bad. I had to sleep out on the couch. It was bad. I'm farting all the time. If I don't drink my prune juice. Wow. I'll bring buds. That's another kind of dooo related thing. Super addicted to those things. Used to love Whippets. Still love Whippets.


It's Called, you went through a whippet phase. Oh yeah. First time I ever heard fish, the band fish. I was doing whippets in my buddy's Volvo in high school and then became a big, Is that what it takes to make Phish sound good? Yes. Yes. Okay. Fuck board games. I was really what? What was the hardest one to break? What was the artist's addiction? To break? Yeah. I mean, raisin Bread. That was a big one. I don't know. It was, yeah. Thank you for whoever said that. That was a huge one. But actually, I was watching a video on YouTube about Dollywood and they have this wonderful fucking raisin bread, and it was making me think last night, I need to go to the store and buy some raisin bread, but I didn't.


I held strong, but it was the best looking raisin bread at Dollywood. It almost broke my sobriety on that. Yeah. I have to stop doing that. Seriously. Wow. But right now, rowing's the thing. Rowing's the thing with no end in sight. No end in sight. Now I want to get across the Atlantic. It's Really, That's my goal. Oh, we would The summer. Love that summer. Oh, we, we would love that. We would sponsor that here. It'd KILL TONY. We would. Well, if we actually did it, there'd have to be boats around me, but we could maybe do that. How cool would that Be? Well, you know, I think the real way to, I think the real way to do it is with no boats around you. I think the real way to do it, or just Me go out there into fearless the Atlantic.


Fearless, yeah. Prizepicks. Yeah. Okay. What? Well, What, what'd you say? No. Okay. Well, let's think about it. But the rowing, it's every day. And there's no end in sight, huh? No. I pretty much think I ain't ever gonna stop Rowing. William Montgomery has done it again. Ladies and gentlemen, there he goes. For the love of God, you have no excuse. You absolutely must. Every single goddamn one of you, this is an order. You go to Netflix and watch life right now, and you enjoy the fuck out of it. Andrew Schultz, the great and powerful.


How loud can this place get for Andrew Schultz? Another homework assignment. April 16th. You go to YouTube, don't tell comedy and you fucking support the great DERIC POSTON. Everybody post, everybody. Truly one of the top young rising comedians in the world. How about one more time? Broom, vroom, jetski Johnson. She's on tour jetski johnson.com, Portland, Nashville, Rochester, Seattle, all these amazing places and much, much more. No doubt about it. How about one more time for the great return of Joel Berg? Joel Jimenez, Ladies and gentlemen, Lesser known characters and Dogs of Browntown are two of his podcasts.


He has a huge show. Him and Jet Ski have a huge show at the Comedy Store, March 19th, called Offbeat. And they play music and they fucking are hilarious, obviously. Thank you to Nick NYKD. Those are nicotine pouches. The drawing from Ryan Jay Belt is in. It is absolutely incredible. Actually, check this out. This is a, you guys, Ryan draws these while he's in Los Angeles. Let's check in with the drawing from the great Chris Rogers. What has he got? Ari Matti. Ari Matti on overdosing on testosterone. Absolutely incredible. It's, it's the incredible Ari. It's Ari Leno.


Everybody. How about one more time for the best damn band in the land Groove line Horns. How about one more time? Michael Gonzalez watching from somewhere. Oh, there he is. Big Mike. He's gonna play us out. Thank you everybody. God bless. KILL TONY Red Band. Check out sunset strip atx.com. Love you guys. London has been announced, the O2 arena, whatever you do, I can't, maybe there won't even, there shouldn't even be tickets available. I can't believe. And by the way, we're going nowhere else. People have been asking, are you going to Ireland?


Are you going to Germany when you're in Europe? Fuck no. One night. The O2 arena, if you live in Europe, you go to the fucking O2 arena and see us. We're not coming to Germany, we're not going to Paris. You fly to London. This is your chance. Alright everybody. Everybody have a good time tonight, Schutze, anything else? Thank you, bro. This is amazing. We love you so much. Love you. Love you. We love you. Love you. God bless America. Good night everybody. Thank you so much.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.