
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Hey, y'all. The number one live podcast in the world is going back out on the road again. Our first time since Madison Square Garden of last year, truly traveling.


As you probably know, night two of Nashville sold out, but you can still get tickets for night one April 4th. There is also the London oh two Arena, massive, massive arena. It's our only show in Europe. That is June 7th. I'm doing standup comedy in some arenas like the Maverick Center just outside of Salt Lake City, Utah, April 18th, Reno, Nevada, the Grand Theater, the Honda Center in Anaheim, California. I can't believe I get to go all the way back to the West Coast to do standup in a legendary arena like that in Anaheim, May 9th Resorts World in Las Vegas, May 10th, announcing this week, Connecticut, the Mohegan Sun. I'm doing standup on July 11th, Edmonton, Canada, July 18th, Vancouver, September 14th, and you're a wrestling fan.


I will be hosting The Roast of WrestleMania Sunday night, four 20 after night, two of WrestleMania right there in Vegas. Huge guests, huge surprises. Make sure you check out the Sunset Strip Comedy Club on sixth Street. And of course, the comedy mothership shows will be going on sale soon for another big Monday release. We love you. God bless America. Enjoy the show.


Hey, This is Red Band. Come to you live from the Comedy mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give that for Tony. It s ready for the best fucking night of their lives tonight, huh? Makes Right everybody. And one more time for the best stamp band in the land.


Huh? Live in the flesh. Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, Michael Gonzalez, nacho Bel Grande. That's Big Mike on the drums. Huge. It's a little bit bigger every single week. He's growing like a Chia pet. Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. Ladies and gentlemen, Jon Deas on The Keys. And this is indeed Live in the Flesh. D Madness on the bass guitar. Oh my God, how exciting is this? We have a hell of an episode ahead of us. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. What if comparing car insurance rates was as easy as putting on your favorite podcast? With Progressive it is. Just visit the Progressive website to quote with all the coverages you want. You'll see Progressives direct rate. Then their tool will provide options from other companies. So you can compare. All you need to do is choose the rate and coverage you like. Quote today@progressive.com to join the over 28 million drivers who trust progressive, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. Id Tech camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends, and are taught by elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. Id tech features over 50 Epic courses like Battle Bots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and use code id tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at Greenlight dot com slash Spotify.


Alright, You guys ready to start the fucking show or what? This is KILL TONY, brought to you by ZipRecruiter and Shopify. I'm so excited about tonight's guests. This is actually a repeat of two guests that have been on together before.


One of them has the newest special on Amazon called Anonymous. We love him. One of our New York brethren, the other is literally perhaps easily known as the greatest guest in KILL TONY History. Former guest of the year, reigning Hall of Famer. Ladies and gentlemen, it is indeed ADAM RAY and Rich Box. Oh my God, ADAM RAY. They're on their fucking feet. They're on their feet. The best fans in the world, you know?


Oh my God. Sit out. Sit your fucking asses down. Rich Boss has the newest special on Amazon. It's called Anonymous. Welcome, rich. Thank you for having me. And I'm glad K. I requested Adam. Yeah. Yeah. And thank you for coming, Adam. Yeah, appreci. I'm telling you. You Appreci this. This is great. It's coming. Good to be back. I love it. Ladies and gentlemen. The man, the myth, the legend. A lot of people mention his name when they're on this show. Where do I even begin? The great Tony Caruso's. Favorite comedian, Dr. Phil's. Favorite comedian. Fucking Jeremy's favorite comedian, dumb Bitch Girl.


What's her? What's her name? Why? Why am I Elaine Elaine's favorite comedian. A lot of people, people, You should remember her. You tried to fuck me in costume that night. Yeah. Red band. I do not remember that Red band gets enough vodka. Red Bulls in him. He just goes for what he sees. Happy to be back. I love this fucking show, dude. Good to see you guys. And we Love Yo. And my wife, who loves this show is seeing it live for the first time tonight. Give it up for her. She's fucking here The very best. We love her. Not gay. And my wife is home. Fucking somebody else. Keep it going. For Rick's boss, that's a big deal. He let somebody step in And I will not wait another moment before saying that.


ADAM RAY just launched a 40 city plus comedy tour. Adam Ray comedy.com. The man is fucking thriving. That's Me. We got one as Phil going, Dr. Phil is on tour. You can get those tickets at ADAM RAY comedy.com. All of these shows are unbelievable. Adam and I were door guys together at the Comedy store. Yeah. 17 and a half fucking years ago. Wow. Just me. What were you saying? I was going over auditions that I wasn't gonna book. He And I was like, Tony, I got two lines as the waiter. Yeah. Does this sound good? Yeah. Food. And Tony's like, you're not gonna get it. You should. Should quit and move to Austin. We sucked. We sucked. But god damn it, we kept fucking working and nonstop every single night having fun, cracking each other up and fucking, we believed in Joe Rogan.


That's right. Thank God for him. That is correct. That's all it takes. A work ethic. A hope. A dream. And Joe Rogan. And I'm still a door man. Yeah. Alright. Hey. Hey. It's fine. It's, It's good. 282 comedians signed up for the opportunity to be in this bucket. Absolutely. Anything can happen. We're gonna let this young librarian pull the first name here in the front row. Congratulations. And here it is. We're gonna go wrangle that first comedian that is out of the bucket. But while that happens, and just a reminder, if you don't know, they get 60 seconds.


You know their time is up and near the sound of a kitten and they have to wrap it up then or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear. And then I interview them and we find out more about them. They people out of the bucket have no idea that they're going on stage until just minutes before. But I do have a few regulars and special treats on tonight's lineup. And we will start this one with a bang. It is as big of a bang as it gets. Ladies and gentlemen starting tonight's show. Your first minute is indeed another KILL TONY Hall of Famer. He is indeed the record holder for all time appearances on this show.


Some people call him the vanilla gorilla, some the Memphis Strangler. Some people call him the Big red machine. This is William Montgomery. There's a new sexual identity that's becoming very popular. It's called Self Partnered. But it's weird because when I was growing up, they just called that jacking off. I'm over here, twerking my ass off. And y'all can't even make it rain. That is the disgruntled undercover cop in an all black club.


This next one is a gastroenterologist about to retire, but he finds out he has one last colonoscopy to perform. Man, I'm getting too old for this shit. Okay? I was going for Danny Glover Lethal Weapon on that one. Fuck an Air India flight. Had to turn around and go back to the airport because it smelled so bad in the cabin and people were surprised by that. Okay, that's my time. Thank you Booya. Another minute from William Montgomery. It sounds low. What just happened there? Are you guys fucking with knobs? Like in between things?


Sound guys, we good. I mean, seriously. You's fucking with the knobs. I don't know why you would turn me down and then you have to. I'm going Up first and I go fuck with the knobs. Keep me up. Keep me Up. You guys are, I gotta Take your shit right now. Dumb ass. You're trying to do too much. Keep my volume up. Tony told me it early tonight. Bad. Keep it up. They'll yell at them some more. William. Yeah. I mean, seriously. Don't fuck it up. This is a big thing. Wait, can you do, your wife is watching for the first time. Don't fuck this up. Can you do it once As Danny Glover Bang what y'all do with the sail back there. So good For a second there. I closed my eyes and I thought Danny Glover was here.


That was absolutely incredible. I had no idea you were a master of impressions. What other impressions can you do? Oh, What do you mean Tony? Yikes. Leave it in. Yoni is Filipino. Oh, Hello. Do you want some french fry? French fried rice, French Fried rice. Yes. A very restaurant treat in Filipino culture. What else do you got? That's still Danny Glover, by the way. Yeah, Tony. Okay. Who was that? I was going for like Antonio Banderas or something on that one. Oh yeah. Tony. Where's my horse?


Man, That is A, And that wasn't as good. That's a Spot on. Can you do an, an impression of a guy that uses hair conditioner? What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Right? Oh, 'cause I don't have air. If that thing was any dryer, it'd be my wife's pussy. I love how you roasted you, him and your wife at the same time. Oh my. She's Not here. That's a triple threat. That is absolutely incredible. That's like a French fried rice or something like that. William, how's this week treating you? It's Wonderful. I'm up to 80,000 meters on the row machine, Tony.


I am not stopping. I'm doing it every day. I'm doing 10,000 fucking meters a day. Nobody's gonna stop me doing this Tony. Wow. I'm feeling as strong as ever. I went to the fucking doctor last week. My, my blood pressure was okay. That was a giant concern for me. I thought my blood pressure would be horrible, but it was Okay. What was it at? I think it was one 50 over one 40 or something. Is that, what is it? Is that good? That's Good. Great. That's great. That's what they told me. That's some of the best blood pressure I've ever heard. Yeah, It is incredible. One 50 over one 40. Absolutely amazing. Wait, Hold on. So your wife's pussy is really that drive. I don't know. Are you serious? I haven't seen it in two years.


What is the self partnered thing that you mentioned? I've never heard of that before. And you just Self partnered? Yeah, it was, again, it was a lot of what I was doing. I think in high school it's when you basically choose to just love on yourself. You don't need any fucking, you don't need any woman in your life. You don't need any man in your life. You just work on yourself. Wow. Absolutely incredible. Do you, do you have a girlfriend? I do have a girlfriend, but I'm also self partnering. Really? So I'm working on myself and I'm also in a good relationship. So it's, I'm doing two things right now. Fuck. Wow. It's like a three self partnering. And I have a relationship. It's like a threesome. Yeah. Self partnering and a girlfriend. I Know. 'cause I'm working on self right now and I'm also in a good relationship.


So it's, yeah, it's like I'm doing two different things right now. You ever role play in the bedroom? You ever do a little Danny Glover in there? Little Danny lover Bitch. Get your ass on the Bud. No, that's stupid. Does does she ever think she's having sex with a scallop With all It's just 'cause of how I look. Pig Scallop. No pigment. Yeah. Yeah. They, Hey they fucking laughed. Please help me Tony. Trying to be me. You're doing great William. What is doing? Doing great. You're an international rock star. Everyone loves you. You've been rowing a lot.


Been Rowing at times. What do you listen To When you row? What's your Jam America America's first album. The album with horse with no name on it. The album's about 45 minutes long and I row for about 42 minutes. Great. I did all the songs. Yeah. It's been America this past week. What Do you do with the other three minutes of that's remaining in the music? Does that, is that what it you listen to that? I get off of the row machine and I, I curl up in a ball on the ground. Yeah. Thinking I'm fucking dying. So I don't really listen to the last Right. Three minutes of it. Very good and incredible. Oh, red Band has been looking for a physical outlet. He needs to exercise. Would you be able to train him to row?


I would love to. If you would be willing. Red band. Seriously. I try to talk to him about this all the time. About getting better. But it's like you refuse to, I think you've gotten too used to being sedentary at your places where you live. I think you've gotten way too used to that. You're very still let the record show. I was picking bugs off of you before the show because Bugs thought that you were a rock. Welcome to 50 guys. That's Wow. How old are you William? At 38. Wow. You are something else. 38. Yeah. You don't look a, you don't look a, you look Older or younger. You literally look like you fought in the Confederate army. It's absolutely incredible.


Hey Doc. He looks like a time in life. Civil war chess set piece. Yeah. General Montgomery, William. You look like the first guy that claimed he saw Bigfoot. That is true. I like that one. It's a compliment. Wait, what do kids, how old do kids think you are when they meet you? Have you met kids? This is a weird question, But what's I tell people, I'm 29 when I meet them. I tell everybody I'm 29. Yeah. What do they say? Let me see your id. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think people believe me. Have you been, you been around kids like nieces and nephews or Yeah. Yeah. I have two little nieces. You Strike me as someone that would be good with kids and I mean that. Yeah. My kids. Because you're silly, right? Yeah. Oh, I love my sweet little nieces.


You ever go to the playground and just like stand there and stare at kids? No. Just to be funny because like you have a look. I can't, You have a look in which, that would kind of be hilarious. It would be funny if you did that and like had like a prank show and videotape the parents around that are like watching you, watching the kids and like, I don't know. I'll think about it. This Okay, good. Some time. There you go. We have a Pitch set up with Tuby so we'd love to include that. Yeah. Yep. Deals are in place with Tuby. William, we love you. I gotta tell you, you look better than ever. You look, you do healthier than ever. The Row machine is doing.


You good? Thank you Tony. How about your first comedian of the night? William Montgomery. Huh? That's as big of a deal as it gets to start the show. And now we switch over to the bucket. We're gonna meet this person altogether. Absolutely. Anything can happen. Every regular, every Golden ticket winner. They were all found out of this very bucket with a little undertaker watching anything can happen. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Cameron Frisk. Cameron Frisk. Thank you sir. Fuck yeah. I know about you guys, but I'm kind of tired of divorce people getting remarried, acting like I should give a fuck again.


You need to come to the rehearsal. You gotta come to the rehearsal bitch. It's your third wedding. The fuck are we rehearsing? You've walked down the aisle to living on a prayer three times. Different groom, same finger. Figure the fuck out. But Cameron, I know it's important. You gotta fit into your schedule. You gotta fit it into your schedule. How about you fit into your first wedding dress and I'll fit it into my schedule. Yeah. All those wedding cakes are adding up. Mom, you fat bitch. Yeah, my mom loves that joke.


Yeah. My mom's always wanted one thing too. It's just for one of her children to be successful. Which has always hurt. 'cause I'm an only child. I was like, all right, lemme spitball you this idea. How about you have another kid and give this one to a mom that won't fuck it up? How about that? All right. I'm Cameron Motherfucking first. Thank you guys. Cameron frisk a rare episode where we have two Confederate soldiers back to back. Absolutely incredible. The south has risen again. Do you know a lot of divorced people that are getting remarried? Yeah. I Literally went to this girl's third wedding. It's insane. It's white trash. People love just fucking, I dunno, destroying vows with people.


It's crazy. That's so wild. I've never heard of such a thing. Rich. Yeah. Very funny. But as a Jew, when you came out like this a little offensive. I apologize. It's hard. You guys are so sensitive. Your people a fucking, you can't put your hands in the air a certain way around us anymore. Yeah. You better be autistic man. Yeah. What, How long have you been doing standup? A year and eight months. Let's go. Where are you from? I'm From Ojai, California. Oh, What, what's your fallback plan? Fallback plan. Go back to doing construction like already was Keep yeah, keep doing this man.


A year and eight months is nothing. You just keep fucking doing it. And let me tell you something. You do it. Where have you been doing the year in eight months. Mostly in Oja? No, there's, there's no standup in Oja. So I was going to like Ventura and then driving to LA a bunch when I was in Were You born and raised in Ohio? Yeah. It's a, they say it's a natural energy vortex. Do you feel that? Absolutely not. That's some hippie woo woo Shit. But But you wouldn't even know that because you were born and raised there, right? Yeah. Do you feel a little bit slumpy and slouchy when you're in other places? No. You just go to Sedona and I feel better. No, not at all. I, You're kind of white trash though, right? Because you know people that are getting remarried. One could say that you are, you drink PBR.


Yeah, I drink A-P-B-R-P-B-R vibes from you. Certain people. I can just fucking tell my vibe. Chew tobacco, go PBR r. All the good stuff, right? Absolutely. And what do you do for work? Well now I'm a barista 'cause I quit construction. And when I moved here, what toughest job in the world. Fuck you. This is what the baristas in California look like now. Holy shit. They're Trans lesbian women. Yes. Wow. Do you work with a lot of L-G-B-T-Q? No. A lot of lesbians. But you've been there. There. There's hot women that work there. Wait, I've been to the coffee shop In Ojai? No, To the one in Austin where I work now. Prana. Oh, okay. My bad. You work here very Good. Yeah, I work, I know how I do it.


I was a house painter for like 14 years then moved here. Literally couldn't get a job doing anything. No. There's jobs everywhere. Couldn't get hired. And then that place was the only place I hired me. So, And but your work background is what? Are you good at? Construction, I guess. And you were looking for a construction job in this city and you settled for barista. Yeah. Are you, have you, have you looked outside at all? I did literally cranes and I Applied. It's, I applied To, it's literally the fastest growing city I think in the country right now. I know. And you just, you want Me, I guess. Did you try? I did try. I've applied to like 300 jobs. It's crazy. What's The dream job Did? Dream job? Well obviously this, but I don't know.


Probably owning a, a contract in business to build shit. If fast this doesn't work out. You should, you should just start that from scratch. You should do that and you should hire people using ZipRecruiter and the promo code kone me. I used ZipRecruiter. They didn't, it didn't work for me. Do You mean really? You mean it worked for you Too much? Yeah, it did. Yeah. I had too many offers. That was the problem. Do you meet any hot girls Making coffee. There's so many hot girls. Do you ever, this town is full of hot women. Do you close any deals? No. I've brought my girlfriend here. I brought sand to the beach. I'm an idiot. The fuck Is Wrong with you? I don't know. What does your girlfriend do for a living? She Works in tech, so she's crushing it. Wow. She works in construction tech? Yeah. AI coming.


She sells it. I build it. Yeah. Okay. Do you think she's gonna hold onto you? She, I hope Rich. How long have you lived in Austin? Six months. Six months. How long have you been with her? About three years. Three years. How do you keep things interesting? How do you stay loyal and happy with one woman for three years? Just curious To know. Yeah, well don't cheat on her. That'll, that'll do it. Don't get married to her quite Yet. Next, I'm not asking you what not to do. I'm asking you what you do to keep things exciting. To keep things exciting. I don't know. She's, she's a badass. She's fun. I don't know. It's, that's If you made more money than her, what would your answer be?


We'd be on a boat. We'd, yeah, we'd be doing funner things I think. What do you do for fun? What Do I do for fun? I skate What Kind of, what kind of skating? Roller skating Skateboard. No, it's not gay Tony. We're skateboarding. You can, you can roller skate and not be gay. You Can No. Yes, yes you can. Where Yes you can. Yeah, you fucking can. And backwards. You can go backwards. Me, Tony, go Backwards all the Time. Yep. Because you gotta, Yep, I do. I roller skate. It's called 69 on Wheels. Yeah, I roll. Don't Have to watch your back if you are Rolling. I roller skate backwards on construction sites. Yes. That'll end you job and All. All that I wear is a hard hat.


That And A vest of course. Because safety first. Yeah. But god dammit, if one more fucking hammer gets shoved up my As so of it. Alright. Oh, I gotta learn how to roller skate. I teach you. Alright. You ever fuck up somebody's name on the coffee cup and they freak out? No, we don't even, we don't even write their names. Don't the coffee cups. Do you work the overnight shift? No. Oh that's a different place. That's okay. I fucked that one up. No, no. That's a different place Now when you're making coffee and construction. Guys come in. Do you get kind of jealous? You know what I mean? Oh yeah. You like to see what your life could have been. Yeah. It's like that movie family man ridiculous cake. It's, it's nice. My body doesn't hurt after the other day but it is weird like now everything's about sustenance.


'cause at first like sustenance and fruit was gay when you're on the construction site. So it is weird being in like a pink apron being like selling coffee now. And I'm like, he's got gonna, you know how to paint walls inside of a house. Yeah, of course. Well good news. Red band is gonna book you. I may hire you to paint some walls in the house. I would love to. There you go. There you go. Wow. There's a little joke book. Thank you sir. Sign up again. Sometime there goes Cameron frisk Ladies and gentlemen and like that the show has begun. And I'm gonna buy a coffee from you tomorrow. Two to play that game. Red band Local hero ADAM RAY contributing to the economy.


No hotels Tonight. Yes. Yummy and delicious.


This podcast is sponsored by Nick. Look, you've heard us talk about nicked. They've taken nicotine pouches to the next level. And it's obvious they're the only pouches red band and I use these days. I personally love Citrus Ice. Nicked is a step above any other products as they use the best ingredients for cleaner, more refined experience. They're made with natural coconut fiber instead of a wood pulp. For smoother, more enjoyable experiences, nicked pouches come in different strengths to help you hit that sweet spot. 12, six and three milligrams for all you little ladies out there with a range of refreshing mint bold fruit and unflavored options. There's always something to keep you satisfied. And if you're on a journey to quit, nicotine nicked gives you full control of your experience. They're even launching a new zero milligram option soon. Wow. There's something for everyone. Whether you're trying to kick chewing tobacco, traditional smoking products or vape nick flavors hit just right A red band. Tony, I love Nick. I'm obsessed with the berry lemon ice and the spearmint flavors. I love that the Nick cans come with a built-in disposable lid for your, your used pouches. That means no litter and no mess. You hate littering and littering. And it's time to upgrade the nick nicotine pouches just like we did right now. Our listeners get 35% off when you order through our exclusive URL NYKD pouches.com/tony. And you can use this code up to three times. Don't wait. Get 35% off now at NYKD pouches.com/tony. That's NYKD pouches.com/tony NYKD products only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified warning. This product contains nicotine. And nicotine as we know is an addictive chemical.


This podcast is brought to you by Aura. Imagine waking up to find your bank account, drained bills for loans. You never took out a warrant for your arrest. All because someone committed a crime in your name. It sounds like a nightmare, but for millions of people each year it's reality. And here's the scariest part. By the time companies tell you your data was stolen, it's already been nearly a year. 277 days. That's how long on average hackers have to use your social security number, open accounts, take out loans and destroy your credit before you even know you've been exposed. By the time you get that breach notification email, the damage is done, your identity stolen, your financial future at risk and the company that lost your data, they'll just apologize and move on. Hackers aren't waiting. Why are you, this can all sound really scary, which is why I'm so glad we're partnering with Aura Hackers Don't wait. So why should you Aura monitors the dark web twenty four seven for your phone number, email and social security number? Because the moment they show up for sale, criminals are ready to use them. If Aura detects your info, you'll get an instant alert so you can act before the damage is done. What if your identity is already stolen? Criminals can take out loans, max out credit cards and banish. That's why Aura provides up to $5 million in identity theft insurance and a US-based fraud resolution team that works around the clock to shut down fraud fast and get your life back on track. Your personal data is a gold mine for hackers and Aura helps lock it down with a VPN for private browsing. Data Broker opt out to stop companies from selling your info and a password manager to help secure your accounts. Aura gives you the tools to fight back for a limited time. Aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial plus a check of your data to see if your personal information has been leaked online. All for free when you visit aura.com/defense. That's aura.com/defense to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a u a.com/defense. Certain terms apply so be sure to check the site for details.


And I'm gonna bang this girlfriend your next bucket, Cole, Ladies and gentlemen goes by the name of Charlie G. Here we go, Charlie G out of the bucket. What's up y'all? If I kill myself and find out reincarnation is real, I'm gonna fucking kill myself. You know, I don't know if you guys, I don't know if you guys can tell, but I live in a van, right? And ever since I started living in a van, I came out as a hobo sexual right? Meaning that I sleep with women for their bed. Right?


I'm always on Tinder trying to find a place to stay and they always say the same thing, right? They're always like, you just wanna fuck me and leave. Right? And I always have to go, oh, I'm for sure staying, you know, my kink is shower sex. It is pretty like sketchy dating women like while living in a van. Right? Like they never want to come back to it until they find out I have a cat. Right? And that just flips the script, right? It goes straight to like, let's go to your van, I wanna meet your cat. Right? I guess they figure if Can I?


Is there more to that? Yeah. I just, you wanna finish it? I guess they figure if ha if I haven't killed the cat yet, you know? Okay. That's it. Yeah. Charlie G Ladies and gentlemen, you really live in a van? Yeah. Yeah. You're the first comedian tonight that looks like they don't live in a van. Yeah, I do. That's incredible. You you have a good, you have a good, you clean up your act. You're out there looking professional. You look like You sold the van to the guy that lives. Yeah. And you were like, I swear I didn't come in this Thing. Right, right. I used to do real estate in New York and then hated. Incredible. You live in a van, it looks like you live in a hearse. Yeah. No I'm not. Dylan. Dylan Slaughter. When Three people show up and they only have a table for two, how do you handle it?


Okay. He looked like a major D. It didn't work Rich. I'm already fucking six for six. Rich. Rich, relax. Just take a breath. When, when it doesn't work, you don't have to tell. You don't have to say it didn't work. 'cause they definitely know it didn't work. You are like a guy that's out at third base. The umpire's like you're out and you go to the crowd. I'm out. Everybody. I did not make it to third base. I was out. Okay, let's get back to Charlie here. What's up? Old Charlie boy. How old are you? How old am I? I'm 32. 32 Years old. How long have you lived in the van? I started full-time about November.


What Way to Describe that you're a part-time van live before part-time. Yeah. Well I lived in an apartment and like the van for a minute. Yeah, for like a year. And then Explain Matt mulling, who never talks. It was right with me. I literally, he had to say it 'cause we're all thinking it. How does that work? Why would you live in an apartment and a van part-time? Well, I have the apartment and then like if I wanted to travel for the weekend, like, or for like a week, like I'd had like no hotel to worry about. I can go anywhere. I lived in like New York City at the time, so like what? Jersey City? But, so I would just go upstate. Wow. Huge fucking difference. No, that might be the biggest difference ever. Dude. It's, I mean whatever.


That is absolutely unbelievable the jump that just happened there. I'm living in a van, sorry the sidewalk, but it's pretty much the same thing. I mean, Now with your van, do you have a fake cast and a couch? No, not at all. It's not that big. Thank you. Wait, That's fucking one of the best jokes you'll ever, What the fuck, what the hell happened here? Did you get it? No, no, no. I, you know what I might want you to say when the joke don't work after all because that you Don't get that joke. No. What's it from? The Serial killer that was had a fake fucking cast and a couch and he had a van and he would go to colleges and go, Hey, can you help Me get to couch on the van?


What year was this? Silence of the Lambs, right? No, I I was it Ted Bundy? You said something. What? Who, what? Ted Bundy. Right? That's what you're talking about. The serial killer from the seventies. Who Thinks OJ did it? Okay. Alright, let's get back to, okay, Charlie G. So this guy is in my favorite. Yeah. RICH VOS is out here just fucking At it. Gotta throw Dars man. Fucking Ted Bundy. What a Fucking Ted Bundy. I mean, how far back are you gonna go with your references?


But the van when I was 30, A lot of people don't know Julius Caesar lived in a van at one point. Okay. There. It's Charlie G tell us more about your life. Yeah, I did like real estate for like most like everything outta college. And then I hated it. And I lived in Van for all of last year. Started comedy last year. And you love it? Yeah, it's, it's great. You know, like A sprinter van? Like a van? Yeah. It's a 2006 sprinter, so it's not a like new nice sprinter. Okay. You know? Okay, there you go. Good question. The exact van is an important thing. Lord knows the difference between a sprinter and an econo van. Huge difference. We wanna know exactly whether it's a sliding door or you get in through the back door.


No sliding door. But there's solar panels, like a stove, like Wow. Solar panels. I mean, it, it's comfortable. I got a bed. Okay. Yeah. You got a bed? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. In 2025, how do you see, you don't have a girl, right? But you brought people back to the van. Yeah. Yeah. How does it, do you have any trepidations when you're trying to elicit a, a you know, friend to come back? Like, what's the opening line? I guess? I mean, in Austin I just go back to their place like that. Homosexual is like actually my life. What If they're place where she's like my roommate's home and like, it'd actually really be better if we went to your place. Like what, what's your, what do you do? It's not, it's not my ride. You're like, I'll give you a ride to my place. Yeah. And, and, and if you pick up a homeless girl, you could drop her off anywhere.


Right? Oh My God. Rich. Rich. What do, what do you, what is going on over here? I with that one, I made fun of you for doing old jokes and then you just did the oldest joke Ever. But I wrote it. That was amazing. Yeah. Charlie, tell us the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you in your life. Oh man. Like kindergarten. I shit myself. Like kindergarten? Yeah. Okay. How about like as an adult? As an adult? Let's talk about now. I mean, I know there's some sh I mean, When it was four I couldn't tell my shoes in front of my mom. Yeah, well like an adult embarrassing story.


Yeah. Okay. We all shit ourselves in kindergarten. No, no one did That. You're right, right. One time Rich. Rich Say it, say it. Tony Rich shit himself in kindergarten and diapers weren't invented yet. So, And I was was 12. How about as an adult? As an adult. Like one time in college I shit myself. Wow. This guy just shits himself. Yeah. How many of you think I should make him shit himself right now on this stage? Look right at that. No way. You see that red dot back there? Look. Right, right. Yeah. You see a little red dot right?


I want you to stare right at him and then just, oh, we're losing D Madness. He can Insane When you're blind the smell of, no, I'm kidding. Don't shit yourself. Alright Charlie, fun times. Congratulations. Thank you. I really loved the kill myself. Kill myself. Joke. Thank you. That that's a really, really, really good joke. Thank you. You know? Yeah. Appreciate that. So there you go. Here's a little Came out with confidence. That's always, oh no you, this is your first time on the show, right? Yeah. First time on the show and you came out, you had a game plan that always mattered. So good job. Yeah. Thank You. Appreciate it. Yep. Good stuff. There he goes. Charlie g Hobo, sexual, kinda like, you know he's better than that but The Kill Myself Reincarnated Kill Yourself's.


Funny. Alright, we having fun out there Ladies and gentlemen. Your next bucket pool goes by the name. Oh my God, I know what that noise is. The lovely Heidi. Ladies and gentlemen, look at that. The crowd goes wild. She barely does anything at all. It's unbelievable. She just lifted up the mic stand and sat up back down. Crowd goes the nuts. She Doesn't Need to. You gotta love it. Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket pool goes by the name of Daniel Velazquez. Everyone. Daniel Velazquez. Hey, I, I started to stand up a few years ago after my mom passed away and the first thing my dad bought with the life insurance money was an orange pool table.


Pretty cool purchase. But that was the first time I realized a smart parent died. And I Guess, I guess there were some signs that my dad was like a dumb guy. I didn't realize kind of how outta touch he was until he started dating again. I got him his first iPhone and he got on one of those old person dating apps. I think it was called like Our Time or Time's Up or something. And he, he immediately started getting spam by bots and I had to tell him like, Hey dad, those are like bots. Those are fake counts. Don't engage with those. But he was like so foreign to the concept of bots.


He was like, yeah, I don't care. They look hot. I'm gonna fuck the bots. Thank guys. That's my time. Exactly. 59 and a half seconds from Daniel Velasquez a very funny set. Welcome back Daniel. You've been been on this show before. Yes sir. How are You? Good to see you. Yes, I'm good to see. I'm good. Good to, I'm good, I'm good. Everyone's good. You've been on this show before. You were funny last time. You're funny this time. Remind us what we did in the interview portion last time. You made fun about me. You made fun of me for being crippled. So, oh well There we go. Perfect. Welcome back. These people, they sign up, they come back for more. They can't get enough, Which I'll say that is the reason why I didn't do any disabled jokes this time.


You know what? Now that I am looking at you and hear you, I see you are indeed very disabled. But your jokes are amazing. Really? You, you have the ability to make people laugh without Thank You You. I really appreciate that. You'll always have. Okay. I didn't know you see, I didn't know you were cripple. I thought you were shit. Well you're old so I wouldn't Yeah, exactly. I know your eyes are going there, rich. They are. I'm just kidding. I'm On. No, you were funny as fuck. Appreciate you boss. You are funny. You literally, I know you haven't been here very long, but you've literally in 59 seconds said eight more funny things than Rich Boss has tonight. It's incredible. I was killing up to the last guy.


Jesus. Fuck. I'll sit here like this. Fuck. It's incredible. Daniel, you're so awesome. You are built for this. What exactly is your disability? Cerebral palsy. I love It. Okay. Indeed. I love it. I'm a big supporter of the Cerebral Palsy people. Perfect. You'll get a spot of this secret show. No doubt. He didn't give it to me last time, so I wouldn't expect it this time. Red band didn't let you up at the fucking secret shell. Is that true Red band? See, a lot of people don't know this. A little fun fact behind the scenes. I am the good guy and red band's the bad guy. No, I'm kidding. Why didn't you give him a spot last time?


I don't remember last time. I think you were probably funnier this time 'cause you didn't rely on your cripple Jokes and stuff. Oh Jesus Christ. Yeah. Why would he talk about, Okay, thanks for coming out everybody. That was red. Jesus Christ Redband on threads. Wow. I remember you being very funny last time. How long have you been on standup? This will be, it'll be four years in October. Four years in October. And do you have a you, what do you do? You have a job Making right turns. I work at Chick-fil-A. You work at Chick-fil-A. Holy shit. Let's go. I fucking love it. The one here on sixth Street? No. In Kyle, Texas.


Just south of here. Yeah. Okay. Too old to work there man. I gotta quit dude. I'm too old to work there. You're too old to work. You can't say my pleasure at 29. Dude. You can't do that, dude. It's fucking bullshit. That Is amazing. My God. What's the Chick-fil-A uniform? Red polo work? Slacks. Lack of self-respect. You know, You're so retarded. He's asking about his outfit and then you, you hit the fucking chicken button. He goes, why would there be a Chicken? Okay, how often do you eat Chick-fil-A? Every day. That's my one free meal a day, dude. What do you Absolutely. I'm a broke comic. What the fuck, dude?


Absolutely. Yeah. Incredible. How about, what's the longest amount of time you've done? Like I have like 20 minutes that I like. Yeah, let's Go. That's fucking cool. You make a good gardening g Nome. I'm back. Please make that t-shirt your face on the front. So fun. Daniel, what's something we should know about you that we didn't learn about you last time you were on the show? I kind of alluded to it, but my mom passed away a few years ago and that's why I started standup. Okay. How did your mom pass away? Yeah, my mom died from C which I ever, which everybody was like really surprised 'cause you had like a 2% chance of dying from that if you got it.


But it's always surprised Even, even even less than that. Yes. Yeah, even less than that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's always surprising you didn't know the percentage of being born with cerebral palsy. So that didn't really surprise me that much that she passed away. Right. She hit the double. Yeah. Double Lamy unlucky lottery. That's why I kind of started standing up because it was like, things can't get much worse. Might as well swing for the fucking fences, dude. Absolutely, absolutely. Question. Absolutely. Were you, Were you working at Chick-fil-A before she passed? No. No, I was not. I was, I talked about this last time. I was in the Paralympics before this, so that's good. I was kind of busy doing that. What was your sport in the Paralympics? I was Hacky sack. Yeah.


What are we talking about? Your joke book. Okay. What was your sport in the Paralympics? No, I was a, I was a sprinter. I was a sprinter. You were a sprinter. They got sprinters in the Paralympics. You'd be surprised. Holy shit dude. You just finished Yesterday. Whatcha you run? I wanna see you and RICH VOS in a foot race so badly right now. Oh, I Would, I would, I would. I would not gonna do it, but I would dust him in the alley right behind you. I can just picture Rich trying his best. His hat flies off.


Daniel beats him, turns of the camera and goes, I am back. Let's go. That would be the most handicapped race of all time. Absolutely incredible. He Said he would dust me in the alley. That's true. Well, it doesn't take much to You got threatened by a Chick-fil-A cashier that he would dust you in the alley. It's a, it's been a rough episode for Rich so far. This is the most fun I've had. Yeah, the sand thing is in two years. I'll be opening for him. Hey Daniel, speaking of opening, I've got a Dr. Phil live at Bass Concert Hall on April 19th.


You wanna open the show? Yes sir. Let's go man. Let's Go. Yeah. Hey, April 19th, bass concert hall, man. Yes sir. Wow. But you gotta, you gotta quit your job and kill RICH VOS. No. Yeah. Come out be my Honor to kill a legend like this man, tee your fucking eye RICH VOS guys. Let him here. RICH VOS, dude flowers. Giving it out. Giving the flowers April 19th. Yes Sir. Absolutely. Thank you so much. Up on Instagram. I got you a Huge venue. Very exciting. Easy way. All you have to do is tap it in here. Red band. The ball is right next to the cup. Just, do you know how To paint? No.


Where's your sound? Where's that fucking sound? Gimme that fucking set. That's a good, good job. Red band. Not a straight line Red band. I would Love to have you obviously On the Secret Show Thursday, man. Yes sir. I would love to. I Would love To. You already have a big choke book, right? You already got one of these, right? Yes sir. I got one already. Perfect, perfect. I don't want to throw things at you. Daniel Velazquez, Ladies and gentlemen with a and Free Palestine. Thank you guys. I don't know what he said. I'm hoping he didn't say Free Palestine.


I'm just gonna pretend like that didn't happen. The boy's got some weird politics. Everyone gotta, yeah, he's gonna be great. Alright. I mean an amazing performance. How about one more time for Daniel Velasquez? Ladies and gentlemen,


This episode is brought to you by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving, cleaning and even exercising. But what if you could be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching? Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


This is a message from sponsor Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was getting frustrated by your forms. Now taxes is uploading your forms with a snap and a TurboTax expert will do your taxes for you. One who's backed by the latest tech, which cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy, all of which makes it easy for you to get the most money back guaranteed. Get an expert now@turbotax.com only available with TurboTax Live full service. Seek guaranteed details at turbotax.com/guarantees.


Your next comedian, Ladies and gentlemen, is the brand newest golden ticket winner here on this show. This is indeed, in fact, his first time ever cashing in on his golden ticket. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Colin Sledge. Everyone now watch them all together here. Colin Sledge. Thank you. I got fired from Chick-fil-A. Apparently ladies didn't like the way it was saying. My pleasure.


You know, I've, I've never been able to coast on the way I look. You know, I was never that hot, but I'm interesting. You know, I can make girls think, I make girls think stuff like, Hey, is that guy following me one time? This girl getting into my car for a date she agreed to. First thing she said was, just so you know, I have pepper spray in my purse. It's like, just so you know, you shouldn't tell me where it is.


That is exactly a minute. Colin Sledge has arrived. Everyone his first cash in, of his golden tickets. So technically his second minute ever on the show. That was absolutely fantastic. Thank you. I love your delivery. It's very, very dry. It's unlike anything that we've had as far as regulars and golden ticket winners go. It is incredible. It's almost Jule neck esque. But you make fun of yourself and you do more than one punchline every three and a half minutes. So it's a total different vibe. It's absolutely incredible.


Thank you. You acknowledge that you're human and, and you make fun of yourself sometimes and real things, not just made up characters. And I love that. Colin, how's life been going for you? It's been pretty fun the last few weeks. I Bet. Yeah. Your life has officially changed. Tell us more about that call and you fucking creep. Well, so actually literally the first, the night I got the golden ticket. Thanks, by the way. We almost got arrested going back to Houston, so I'm pretty sure the golden ticket got my friends outta jail, so they should also Thank you.


Really? Is that true? Yeah. What do you mean? Well, we got pulled over and one of my Friends You and how many comedians are in this car? 2, 2, 1. I can name one will remain nameless, but they, you Don't have to name any of 'em. The, the question was how many people were in the car? Two. Okay. Two pe. Two other people in the car. Two other people. Yes. Not your other personalities or anything. Yes. No, They were real. They were real. They were right. Two real humans. Yes. With hearts and lungs. And brains. Yes. And they, they both had Drugs. Are you driving? I was driving, yes. Okay. What kind of car are you driving? Just so we could finish painting the Picture? A Mazda CX five. Oh, That's exactly what I thought. Okay, so you're driving to Houston and what happens? We get pulled over an Elgin and Oh, That's like a real Texas cop, right?


Yeah, Texas Highway Patrol right there. Yeah. Oh my God. He was a big fan of you actually. So that might've helped. Are you serious? You dropped the name of the show that you were on and everything? It wasn't me, it was one of the other comics. But yes, she did drop. Wow. Smart. We did that once with Rogan and Columbus, Ohio many years ago, six or seven years ago. And by the way, Ohio State Highway Patrol famously, famously, famously never gives warnings, never lets you off. If you go fucking five, six miles an hour over the speed limit in Ohio and you're pulled over by an Ohio State trooper, you get a fucking ticket. And was it, it was you, right? Yeah. Yeah. You fucking nailed it.


Because I'm like, yeah, we're just working, we're doing a podcast. And what'd you say? You're like, I don't remember. I think I was like, yeah, we're, I'm on JRE. You ever watch that? No. You nailed No, you nailed the line. You're, you're literally like, yeah, you know, I work with Joe Rogan sometimes. We're in the comedy business and he's like, Joe Rogan. Okay, go ahead. Well, she wanted our IDs and one of my friends lost her driver's license 'cause she's sort of a mess. And she, Oh, we, we got a warning, by the way, I didn't finish the story. Go ahead. She, thank you. Yep. For clarifying. Okay. She, she didn't have her driver's license, but she had her passport and so she gave the cop her passport and she said when they took the passport to the cop car, she said, I think there might be weed in the passport.


Hell yeah. And I was like, what percent chance do you think? And she was like, a hundred percent. Was it in like a baggie? No, it was just in the pages. Jeez. Jesus fucking Christ. Whatever. Pockets. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Look, I I thought you were really funny. Hold on, rich. We're in the middle of a thing. Here. Go, go ahead. Give your analysis and then we'll, we'll just edit it out. I say No 'cause I thought it was, well, listen, I'm doing a firehouse in Allentown and if you wanna open I can have.


Okay. All right. Very good. All right. Okay. So back to the story. She says there might be weed in the passport. Yeah. And, and he's in like the cop car at this point? It was, it was a lady. It was a Latina lady cop that took the passport. Yeah. I think we've all watched this. Yeah. Let's go KILL TONY. Fucking nachos. Bel Grande fans. That's what, that's what's up. It's fan. Not just the Mexican dudes that get horny. She was, no, she was not the Fan. I'm sorry. Oh, she wasn't a fan? No, it was another Guy. Oh, okay. Wow. It was a white guy. All Right, well, all right, Strucker. Sorry about that. Alright. Well, almost had her, but yeah, she, well, I was in a good mood because obviously, and so I thought she's probably not even gonna notice.


And then she came back and she was like, we noticed the, the weed in the pages of the passport. And this is Incredible. And again, this is a Texas state trooper. I don't know. I didn't pay attention. Or Is it an okay, It was some cop. Okay. Yeah. It may not even have been a cop at all. You may have gotten pulled over by an illegal immigrant wearing a fucking badge and you stoners with weed in your passports are like, I'm so sorry. Other cops pulled up. And that's when I thought they were going to jail. Not me though. 'cause I was, I had a legal delta ate gummy. They had weed. That was Okay. So then what happened? They searched, they frisked all of us inside us on the curb in the cold.


And then they searched my car and they found some more of her weed maybe. And then the other passenger, they found more weed, a fair amount of weed and a scale and little baggies. Oh my God. So now it's an illegal drug dealing operation. Well, I think the scale I'm, I'm gonna go with, he has an eating disorder. Okay. That's hilarious. And then, by The way, I would love to see you on Family Feud. I'm gonna go with guy's. Got an eating dis by the way, what's on your pants? Did you paint? Red band's house? What is that? I, I, I, I spilled bleach.


Okay. Don't bully me. Oh, okay. Okay. So let's go back to the story that we're in the middle of. And then what happened? They sat us on the curve fristo. And then they found the scale, the more weed. Yep. And then what Happened? And then they made her pour out all the weed from her passport and like step on it. And then how much Fucking weed did she have in a passport? I know it wasnt shake, it was real weed. Like nugs of weed. Well, she, it was like, it was like folded in the pages. I don't know how much it was. I didn't, I didn't ask this Absolute fucking insanity. By the way. I have carried a lot of weed on me and I have a passport. I understand dynamics of a physical passport.


She's Like roll joints or something. She like pours it from the passport. That's so retarded. She's my, that's literally the most retarded thing to roll joints on or with in the fucking world. It's like cutting coke with your license. She's a, Well that would actually be better than rolling weed on a passport. 'cause it could come off A license is plastic. The paper would retain it. And the, the THC crystals would be all over it. Yeah. You could at least rinse off a fucking license. Yeah. She, she's sort of my number one advisor in comedy. Okay. So then what Happened? Then they, they asked him like, why do you have the scale and the, and the baggies? And I think he just didn't answer, which is probably good. And then they made him stomp on all his weed with his cowboy boots and let us go.


I did, I think it was because we were talking about like, why, where are you coming from? And we said, we were going from Austin back to Houston after KILL TONY. And he was like, you know the, the white guy cop's like, did you get on? And then my friend was like, yeah, you got a golden ticket. And he was like, well congrats. He was really nice. Wow. Yeah. That definitely worked. That's, that's what it was. He's Like, cool. You want to shoot this guy for no reason. I, Yeah. I'm a big fan of kt. I thought about being like, you can have the joke book if you don't arrest my friends, but I think that would be bribing a police officer. And it may have You did everything just fine. So nobody got in Trouble. No, I got a warning of For what, what was the initial stop for? So my Mazda CX five has a Taillight that's out.


No. Well, yes. That's what Happens. Yep. So no, the headlights are always on. I can't turn them off. And so when the, when the lights get switched off somehow I don't notice because the headlights are always on. Absolutely unbelievable. I don't understand a single thing that you just said. Not notice when your lights are off. Well I know the lights are on 'cause they're always but the, the tail are behind me and I can't tell if they're not functioning. Yeah, that is true. So I got a warning for that. They didn't get a warning for copious amounts of weed. I don't know what that's about, but Incredible. Adam Ray, love To ask a question. When you smile, it's, it's real warm. But you didn't smile well, don't do that. But when you smiled, but when you smile organically it Yeah.


Like that. But you didn't smile at all during your set, really. Right? I couldn't. No. Is that a, what's the, what's the choice to go from? I don't really make decisions, I just feel it out, you know? Yeah. So your materials always kind of, you like to, you just, you know, your point of view is to keep it dry and and Settle. Yeah. That's what I usually do. Yeah. Yeah. It's suppose also when I get nervous, I tend to just shut down completely. Yeah. It works. I'm not, I'm not nervous now for the records. Yeah. Yeah. We're not cops. I'm Not a pussy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna sit down this one. Colin. You're so different than everybody else. And that we have on our normal roster.


Welcome to the family. There he goes. His first cash in of his golden ticket. Colin Sledge. Back to the bucket. We go Ladies and gentlemen, this looks like a fun name. I'm excited about it. Make some noise for K. Yes. Yes. Here we go. Hey guys. Hello. I'm a little bit a shy person, especially when I'm talking to girls. And reason why is that? 'cause I'm the nicest person in the world. You know. The other day I was walking down a street with my homies and all of a sudden we came across with this fat ass and all my homies went crazy.


They were like, I want to hit that ass. I want to hit that ass. I, but not me. I was actually seeing a future with a fat ass. I was seeing every sunset and sunrise with a fat ass. I was, I was holding a fat ass child with a fat ass. Yes. A little bit about myself. I was born in 1996, so that makes me a rein clinician with Tupac. Tupac say Small eyes on me.


Thank you. Wow. Can say yes. Has arrived to KILL TONY. I gotta tell you man, I like your fucking style. You have such a command of the stage. So fun to listen to and to watch. Thank you Donny. You're very welcome. You are welcome mayor. Thank you. I love it. Cane, how long have you been doing standup? Five Years now. Five years. Where at? Get it outta the way. Red band. Where have you done the five years at Tokyo? Three years and then two years In Toronto. In Toronto? Yeah. In Tokyo. Is Is that where you live now, right?


Yeah, I live right now in Toronto. Toronto? Yeah. Okay. What, thank you. What made you move to Toronto? Why? Of all the places did you pick there? Because I wanted to go as close to United States. Yeah. Have you, yeah. That Was, did you think about going to the United States at all? And they'll send me away when I, Why would, why would they do that? Because I don't have a visa. You don't need a visa to go to Canada. They have like a special type of visa for me. What kind of visa is that? It's like a Asian Express. So yeah, they sent a lot of Asian people.


Yeah. To Canada and then just let me work there for two years. Wow. Just a, I could listen to you talk about anything. This is incredible. This is absolutely amazing. So youre a hundred percent Japanese? Yeah, I'm half Korean too. Oh, half Half Korean too. Alright. Absolutely incredible. Your mom is South Korean? My mom is Japanese. Oh yeah. And my dad. And your dad is the Korean and they met in Japan. Yeah, they met in Japan. But my mom didn't know he was Korean. She thought he was Japanese. Yeah.


And then it tricked The Japanese also. And then, and then. And then they got married and then surprise. Oh my Goodness. Absolutely. Unbelievable. A natural freak talent. We're witnessing it live in real time. This is what the show is all about. Right? Absolutely Incredible. Thank you very much. I don't even need you to like do comedy. You could just like read the back of a Cheesecake Factory menu. Thank You. It is incredible. So are you an only child? Yes. How'd you know? Hi. Because I think you're only allowed to have one E over in Japan, so that's incredible.


Just, Okay. Relax. Okay. Alright. Okay. So yeah. Amazing. Thank you. Amazing. You. And so your mom had you And what do, what do your parents do? They're still in Japan. Yeah, they're still in Japan. They own nail salon. A nail salon. They do that even over there. I thought they just came here to own nail salons. My God. They must be high level nail salon people. That's incredible. Unbelievable. RICH VOS. Are There comedy clubs in Japan? I mean one in Tokyo. In Tokyo, yeah. Do American comics work there? Yeah, they come around. Sometimes it's military, Right?


Rich is looking for a gig. Rick's. Rick's like I'm playing the karaoke bar right now. Chaya. He sounds like a romantic. Do you have a girlfriend? I do have a Filipino Japanese girlfriend. Oh Wow. Amazing. Is she in Toronto? Yes. She, I met her in Toronto like two months ago. Amazing. Where did you meet her at? At the ramen shop. At The Ramen shop. Absolutely incredible. Isn't This the plot of rush hour? This Is unbelievable. This is everything you're saying. I feel like I've watched in a movie. We are in one of those moments right now where it's just amazing. Perfect. You are just such a fun interview. Yeah.


This might never end. I might keep you up here all night. There you. This is absolutely amazing. So what does she do for work? She wokes up the ramen shop. She works at the ramen shop. Oh my God. Wait. Absolutely incredible. Your delivery and cadence is so goddamn perfect. Yep. Everything you say, I feel like it's gonna end with you handing a child a katana. Do you know what I'm saying? Like the way that she works at the Ramen, like it's got so much, it's so soft but powerful. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But it's just facts about your life. Have you always been this calm, cool, and collected? I think so. It's absolutely incredible.


So how do you make money Kse? I work at the hotel. Oh, What do you do at the hotel? Front desk. Front desk. Front desk. Wow. And what do you do for fun? What do you, what do you, what are some hobbies of yours? I eat ra. I eat ramen At the place. Your girlfriend works? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I ate ramen. What's your favorite Ramen? Miso Ramen. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Mis Could be the name of your special too. Yeah. Special miso Roman. Yeah. Yep. So Conse, this is incredible.


And you are so funny. What made you come to Austin, Texas To do comedy and KILL TONY. When did you Get here? I got here a week ago. Okay. Did you sign up a week ago for the Show? Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. And you didn't get up and you've been doing spots around town just trying to do open mics and stuff? Yeah, I did open mics. A couple open mics. Have you been doing a lot of spots? Yeah, I did one, just one Shakespeare and then Oh, won The Shakespeare. Yeah. How much longer you in town for? I'll be here until like a week. Okay. One more week. Two more week. I don't know. Whatever. Whatever it takes. Whatever takes. Absolutely takes. Yeah. You're gonna be leaving.


What's your girlfriend's name? Mki. Oh, That was adorable. Adorable Mki. And yes. Thank you. This is absolutely amazing Cane. I fucking love it. Adam Ray, First name again? It's, it's K Han Yasuda Canda. I know I've already done this once, but I'm actually going to be in Toronto May 1st through the third of the comedy bar. Do you wanna host? We need somebody to host all weekend. Yes, we, yeah. Wow. Wow. Yeah. On. We need to host. You got 10 minutes?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, 10 minutes. Yeah. 10 minutes. Yeah. Thursday, Friday, Saturday. Thank You. Have you ever been to Allentown Red band? I'd love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, thank you. And I just can't help myself. I feel like I wanna interview you forever. We already have too many of 'em, but God damnit. I'm giving away another one. Conse Yasuda. You are a golden ticket winner here on call. Tony. Absolutely incredible. Amazing. The Show.


The Golden Ticket Canada and Allentown, Pennsylvania. You did it all buddy. God bless you. Kda has arrived. We're gonna see him again soon. Absolutely. Unbelievable my friend. That is what it's all about.


With the Venmo debit card, you can turn the mini golf out and your coworkers paid you back for into a trip to Miami with your best friend earning you up to five, 5% cash back. Use Venmo to pay for the things you love to do. Visit venmo.me/debit to learn more. The Venmo MasterCard is issued by the Bank Corp. Bank. Na. Pursuant to licensed by MasterCard International Incorporated term supply dash cashback terms supply


At Sierra top. Workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


And now someone's gotta follow that. Your next bucket pull goes by the name of Jim Tally. Everyone Jim Tally. Jim Tally is next. Hell yeah. All right. How y'all doing tonight? Good. Fuck yeah. Give it up from my partner in crime there. Ah, shit. Let's see if this joke works too. All right. All right. Here we go. Shit, my homeboy just came to my house the other day crying. 'cause he found a video of his girlfriend sucking a dick.


I know, man. The fucked up part about it was the dick was mine. I know, man. Hear me out. Oh, here's where the shit got fucked up. I had to then sit there and listen to this motherfucker's critiques on my dick as if it wasn't mine. Motherfucker was spasming too. He was like, how the, how the fuck she gonna cheat on me with that? My dick. Way bigger than his. And I'm just looking like, I mean, nigga, it's not little. Right? Like, like maybe it's easier on our jawline or something, my nigga. Why you big shaming nigga? Right? Like I was defending an unknown penis essentially. Right. All right, shit. Well that's it guys. Thank you. Moha. Jim, tell fuck Yeah. Fuck.


Wow. How fun. Hey, very fun to go off of that rush hour energy in your opening. Very fun. Fuck you. Welcome, welcome. How long you been doing standup Jim? I'm going on three years. Three years. Where at? Houston. Oz, Atlanta. I'm getting close. Africa. No, I'm kidding. Oh my God. Hilarious. That was funny. How you doing, man? Thank you man. Thank You. Where have you been doing standup at? I started in South Florida. I went to North Dakota for one year and now I'm here.


Wow. What made you go to North Dakota? I knew this question was coming. Yeah. Believe it or not, white dick, if I'm being honest with you. My sister married a white man. Yeah, Dick was so good. I moved there. I think you just found your new catchphrase. Take us through that process. What made you follow your sister up to North Dakota? Shit, that's an interesting story. So she actually met, they met in South Florida on one vacation. I used to live in Africa, right? Yeah. Just to I that We Right all that shit.


But no. So they met in Florida and he fell in love with Blackwood so much that he went to Africa and then she moved back to North Dakota and life was cheaper. And I was tired of Florida and I was like, you know what? I wanna go to North Dakota. He Was in South Florida. Yes, sir. And this guy, according to your exact words, yes sir. Loved black pussy so much. Damn right. That he left South Florida a hotspot, a black pussy to go to the actual fucking north pole of black pussy. Exactly. Exactly. Africa. Exactly. Oh my god. I know, I know. They're still married to this day.


God dammit. Wow. That is incredible. Shout out Justin. I, Justin is in North Dakota right now, like Well, thank you. You got that right? Yeah, I You got that right. He looks like a white Pete Davidson, if I'm being honest with you. Well Pete Davidson is a white Pete Davidson. So. Oh, I said oops. Yeah, my bad. Yep. No, he is i's my bad. It's all, I didn't Think Blonde and white, same shit. I didn't The cast, the ca, whoever does the casting at SNL also thought Pete was half black when they got him. So anyway, go ahead. That's true. Yeah. I didn't think Shane's liver had this much energy right here.


What? Who? Shane Liver. Shane. Oh, Shane Ulus, right. What? I got it. I'm black. I'm wearing all black and shit. Rich change Liver. Oh, Got it, Got it. Alright, very good. You know what I think Rich is, this is for having mini strokes during this show. I said to him, I go, is this funny? He goes, you gotta do it. This motherfucker. I Love you blaming Adam on your fucking jokes. He said it was funny. Now it's weird. My daughter, my oldest daughter married a black dude. I mean, so I heard through the family. Really? Yeah.


I'm not racist. Wow. People think I'm racist 'cause I have two drinking fountains at my house. Funniest one. No signs above them. Jim, what did you do for work in North Dakota? Jim. Oh, that's Funny. I work for at and t. Okay. Worked. Yeah. And And what do you do now? I am working for another company in sales. Okay, very good. And do you have a steady girlfriend? I do. I do. Yeah. She followed me up to North Dakota and down here as well.


And now you live here in Austin, Texas? Yes, sir. Sir, how long have you lived here for? I just got here December 31st. December 31st. And what made you wanna move to Austin? Texas. Of all places. Standup comedy man. Right. And you love it. How old are You? I'm 31. Turning 33. 31. Wow. You're, yeah. Yeah. That's incredible. Who's that for? Tony? I don't know. You could have said anything. I would've said that, that, yeah, it works. You could have been 25 55. You really could have been anything. Have you ever been a volunteer firefighter? I'm getting volunteer firefighter vibes. Sunglasses down. Yeah. My bad guys. No, it's Okay. Yeah, I know. I do look like a, a security guard right now. I get it.


Cut or uncut. Jesus. Rich Voss asking the, the tough questions over here. When do the sunglasses go? You wear 'em outdoors yet or is it just for, for for show? No, I wear, I was like actually wearing any of em. I was actually wearing them, but like, you know, it's dark now, so. Yeah. Yeah. Incredible. Were you ever, were you ever racially profiled in your time in North Dakota? Surprisingly, no. No. 'cause before I cut my hair, actually I had blonde hair and they're just not used to seeing black guys up there. So I didn't look threatening at all. You had blonde hair? Yeah, cam Patterson told me to cut it off 'cause he said my hair looked like it had aids. Don't laugh at that. Fuck that Nick.


I'm just playing. I love Cam. Jim, you're so funny. What's something else we should know about you before we let you go? Oh Shit. You know, I, like I said, I grew up overseas. I speak multiple languages and shit. I speak French for example. You speak French? What did you just say? I speak a French a hundred percent. Like I'm hundred percent fluent French. Wow. What other languages do you speak? An African dialect called Wall off bread. Man, don't you play that shit. Oh, wait a second. No, no, no. Just hold on, hold on. Let him do the fucking thing. I want to hear you Lies and shit. We're about to come out and shit. What can you say in Don't Boom man, KILL TONY Mile.


Wow. Fuck yeah. What did that mean? So I just say, Hey, I'm here on KILL TONY and I'm saying pretty much good blessings to you guys. Let's go dude. There You go. When when, when you lived in Africa and you would walk down to the river to do your laundry? No, I took the zebra nigga. I took the zebra. What else? What else can you do? Oh, I know how to do nunchucks. Really? I swear to God I don't, I don't have 'em on me, but I do know. Yeah. Do we Have any, we do have nunchucks. I had a feeling we have a special, oh my God, this place is unbelievable. We have a special KILL TONY toy box where we have all the things we might ever need.


Ladies and gentlemen. Oh my. Yeah. Oh my God. Give a, gimme a single spotlight keynote. Wow. Holy shit. This is incredible. He could have played both characters in rush hour. Absolutely. Unbelievable. Wow. Wow, Wow. I mean, yeah, you kind of did it. Yeah. Yeah. It was good. How long have you been doing that?


About a year and a half now let's Go. Wow. Where did, does it ever come into play or come into, you know? Well I just used it for KILL TONY now. God damnit. That's right. Let's go. You fucking did. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Nun Chuck Berry over Here. I had to whoop nobody's ass with these shit. No, Jim, I Wait what? Rich. You would've Thought the last guy would've done that. Yes. Yes. Appropriation Rich is literally doing a different podcast tonight. He's listening that you can't see, but he has a little headphones, Motherfucker. What's the longest set you've ever done, Jim? If I'm being honest? 36 minutes. 36 I You on the Secret Show. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen, absolutely unbelievable.


Jim Tell has arrived. Here's a big joke book, Jim, thank you so much. Sign up again. Come back. We need more Jim Tell in our lives. So much fun. And now Ladies and gentlemen, I bring to the stage coincidentally the man that told Jim Telley to cut his blonde hair. One of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. This is the one and only Cam Patterson. I did not say his hair looked like it had age. I said it looked gay. That's what I said. I said it looked gay as hell.


Cut it off you bitch nigga. That's what I said. I did. Y'all a favor. He did a good job. I'm proud of him. Let's talk about Trump. He's funny. He's funny to me. Very, I'm not a political, I'm not very political, but it's very funny that he hired a 13-year-old kid with cancer to be the head of the Secret Service. That's funny as fuck. To me, he likes it a lot. That's it's funny 'cause my grandma weird. 'cause the she weird about it. 'cause the kid is black. She don't know how to feel. I was like, grandma, how do you feel about Trump hiding a black kid to, he has secret circle because he has cancer. And my grandma said, I don't give a fuck about that Retar. And I said, grandma, he has cancer. And she went, same thing. No it's not.


Which is crazy. Right? And what's funny to me, what's, this is what I think about a lot. This is really, this make me really happy. He don't know. It's fake. He has no idea that he's not the head of the Secret Service. He think he runs the Secret Service. What's funny is like Trump has got onto to something that African niggas knew a long time ago. Child soldiers are amazing. You understand that. Like you fuck with Trump, I'll kill your family nigga. And I love it. It's pretty dope for me. And the last thing I would say is, is I, I'm thinking about this, I've been thinking about this a lot. It's funny because last to Trump got shot in the ear and making fun because he had two women at Secret Service. And it's funny to think that he, instead of that, he was like, fuck all that bullshit. I'm gonna hire a retarded 13-year-old nigga With Cancer because that's better with two women than a gun.


You know what I'm saying? I said it backwards, but you get it. You get what I was going, What can I say that I haven't said thousands of times before? Absolutely incredible. Cam Patterson, we fucking love you. Me too, babe. Is hilarious. What a great fucking premise. Y'all Don't see this nigga over here in jail? Y'all don't see him? He's been in jail. Closed the whole show. Oh yeah. You See this white man in prison Over there? No, I didn't. Oh, he's wearing the official Cam Patterson white t-shirt. That's Also, that's terrifying that he has that. Yep. Yep. Okay. Sit back down Cam. I'm sorry. It's not great to wake these kind of people up.


Oh yeah. Thank God I doted on me then. He was, he was all right. Now he's fucking alright. He's back to chill. I like your style jail dude. That's definitely done meth. A bunch. Real drugs, real hardcore Ones too. No, no. He, I thought that was me and makeup for a minute. Except Just have good energy. Good energy over there. Hell yeah. I like that. What made you dress like a jail guy? I've been in prison. I served 13 months and I found KILL TONY when I was in there. They show, they show KILL TONY in prisons. Yes. With the right phone. You, You snuck a phone in prison and you watched KILL TONY.


I didn't move The phone. Right, right. He didn't have a phone up his ass. I Signed up. So I'll tell you my story when I Get pulled. Okay. Wow. I love it. I want A teaser. What a, what a night. I mean what? Holy, This is a wild night there guys that watch KILL TONY while in actual prison wearing a prison outfit. That fucking, this is absolutely incredible. I Believe in this guy too. I mean, it's amazing. Oh, he gonna stab all of us. Well, either way, either way It's gonna be fine either way. You what? What he humping something that was scary. The rest of my shirt over here, nigga. That was terrifying. He humped the air opening. That was crazy. Let's Go Fuck RICH VOS first, please.


I don't know if it's a prison outfit. It's fucking cool. Lots. You got shorts that, that's a prison outfit. And the street continues About. Welcome to the Roast of Rich box. It doesn't matter. Here's I, the problem is I came out too hot. Follow me. Did you walk? Did you walk here? What? Because your knuckles are scraped. Oh my God. Rich. Oh, put the mic down. Put the mic down. Put the mic. This place is in chaos right now. That Took my brain. Like, I was like, wait, what does he mean?


Oh wow. I've never seen, he Called me a monkey, nigga. That's a, That's a real bull. And that switch up, I guess the streaks over bitch. No, he bob that bomb too also. Bob, Oh my God, this party is out of control. I've never seen D Madness clench his fist before. He's back here ready to defend his sweet, sweet Cam Patterson. He finna punch the shit outta ADAM RAY. He don't know who the fuck Wrestl He finna the fuck outta. Holy shit. Well, nigga, I swear to God. You gotta be close, bitch.


You gotta be close. Oh my God. Holy shit, cam. I mean, you've done it. We've done so many interviews. I gotta tell you, I fucking love that new joke. Absolutely incredible. Super topical. Right on the fucking dot. 13-year-old with cancer in the news all week. The fucking state of the union and everything. You nailed it, Adam. Anything? Yeah. Great, great new big him. I mean, thank you. There's always, every time I see, always something new. Appreciate you, man. I love it. Keep killing it, baby. Thank you, man. Yeah, you're absolutely killing it. An unstoppable force. Oh, RICH VOS wants to say one more thing.


This guy got the fucking, I know how to pick him. He's gonna end up on SNLI guarantee it. Rich. Rich. That's not even a thing anymore. Rich. He's gonna End up on Rich. Rich is like, I, I know it when I see it, he's gonna end up on Johnny Carson any day. Now I swear to God, this guy, we need to get him on star search. He's gonna be star Search. Oh, I swear to God. I swear to God when Murph Griffin finds this guy, it's gonna be incredible. Oh, I swear to God. Hey, I, I wanna book you at the last sub. I swear to God. Hey, you know what? You should perform at the Dinosaur Factory.


Rich Griffin to Allentown. There he goes. Cam Patterson. Ladies and gentlemen. Oh my God. What an episode. We're having fucking fun tonight, Ladies and gentlemen. Your next bucket Pool. Whoa. Wow. Shirley Temple, Heidi getting Big pops tonight. The ladies lover. The dude's lover. Absolutely incredible. This guy's going to jerk off right now in the bathroom. It's absolutely unbelievable.


Pro Savings Days Are back at Lowe's with limited time savings on the supplies. Pros need. Get up to 40% off select major appliances. Plus save an additional $100 on every $1,000 you spend on select major appliances. And don't miss your chance to activate and earn three times the points on select DeWalt and Klein tools. Lowe's, we help you save. Download the 3 28 selection, varies by location while supplies last see associate or lowe's dot com for more details on qualifying items.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please, for the love of everything, goodness world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra CFL terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


Your next bucket poll has been on the show a couple times. You know, it's just so fun every time this young lady is on. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for the return of Juanita. Everybody. Here we go. Hey. So I started working at a restaurant and I'm annoyed with my manager because she doesn't say anything to the little kids running around. And I used to be a corporate manager and I would lie. So I'd be like, Hey you guys, we don't want the kids running around because we have some broken glass.


Or Hey y'all, we just had a service dog. Eat a piece of Oreo cheesecake and diarrhea all over the main dining room. We're gonna wanna keep the kids right here. Hey y'all, our buster's a registered sex offender and he's really horny and your kids are super hot, so we're just gonna want to keep them neatly stared right here at the table. Anybody uncircumcised? Yeah, me too.


Juanita. Juanita, always a decent minute, but your interviews are absolutely priceless. Let's start here. One thing that I noticed right from the very, very top of your set, do you notice what you did? Oh, I said Even before that. No I didn't. You Went Like That. Is that a thing that you think a lot of trans comedians have to do when they Probably, you know, we have some voice issues For those of you that don't know or haven't put it together yet, if you're easily tricked and would've ended up sucking a fat cock tonight.


Oh, Juanita was originally a wand there. Alright, Juanita, welcome. Thank You. So let's talk about it. You said that you're, are you really uncircumcised? Is that an actual thing? Yeah, I was born in Mexico. They don't do that there, huh? No, they they keep the fucking corn tortilla right there, huh? Yeah, it was pretty common. That's a Mexican thing. RICH VOS clearly hates trans people. He is completely shut down. He doesn't know what to do. He is looking back and forth super confused. I fucking Shell shot from the whole night. What the fuck? I didn't know that was a dude I got, I got fucking hard for nothing.


Not, not for nothing. Oh, whoa. Hey. Whoa. We'll be right back. Oh yeah. Oh man. That's right. So, Juanita, how's life going? Remind us again. How long you been doing standup? About three years. Three years. What do you do for work? So Right now I'm working at a restaurant, actually I'm working at a restaurant. What are you doing at the restaurant? Just server, just serving rotisserie chicken that costs $36 at a restaurant called Ressa. Oh. Oh. I actually like that place. That's great. Yeah. I I I love that place.


Should I not, should I not love it? No, They're amazing. They're actually like, they feed us like three times a day. They're amazing. They're, They're a great company. They're very consistent. Good meal. What, what were you, what were you saying there? Let's go to our own resident, rotisserie chicken RICH VOS, who's been spinning around all night slowly and slowly stern. Once you said eight feet or three times a day, I just said, no shit, dear God. It's like she's picking up double shifts. No, listen, look, you're doing comedy, you're having fun. Do it all before you go to hell. That's what I, Yeah, I'm trans.


So that's, that's what's gonna happen. When did you know, when did you know to, you wanted to make the switch? I knew my whole life, but I didn't do it until I was like 30. What? Why? Oh, 'cause like, I, it's, I got like a linguistics degree and I wanted to be an interpreter and so like, I don't know, I just couldn't, I didn't know how to navigate like the professional and then like, also being trans. So I just, I was like trans around like my friends, like Were your friends trans? No. Right. I actually didn't really like, have any trans friends until I moved to Austin. Okay. Alright.


Those are your friends. Okay. So Juanita, when you say you knew your whole life that you were a man or a woman in a man's body, what do you mean? Like, how did you first know? Like, how does that kind of happen? Were you excited to like, do the dishes or something? No, I get in, I get in trouble a lot for doing faggy shit, like playing with Barbies and like, no, but I, I knew, and like in my mind I had this little fantasy where like one day we were gonna go to the doctor and they were gonna do some testing and be like, oh no, we made a mistake. And I'd be like, oh, okay. But I, no, that didn't happen. But yeah, I would like Fantas as a child, I would fantasize about that.


You know what, yeah. Rich sauce. Sometimes, like in a hotel, I'll put my dick between my legs and I'll, and I'll run around the room going Who's a pretty girl? Yeah. So Rich is asking, did you do that? Yeah, similar, similar experience. You nailed it. Yeah, spot on. Still do sometimes. Yeah. So, Juanita, do you have a, what, what are you into, you into boys, girls? How does this work exactly? I like men. You like men like Big old white Men. You like big white men to treat you like a lady. And then, so have, have you ever been on like a date with maybe someone that maybe like didn't know? Like did they, like, do you have to, what? At what point?


What's it like doing that? It used to happen and then like, now I just get it outta the way. I'm like, 'cause it, it can be like a little dangerous. Of course. And so, Especially here in Texas. Yeah, no, no, no. So I learned, I learned You're not the only one carrying a concealed weapon. You Know what I mean? Yeah. No, no, no. That, that's definitely happened before where like, so You get it outta the way. I know, right? You get it out of the way early. What was the close call? Where, was there ever one where like, I don't know, you, you, you say it? No, I think the only thing I can think of is just like, like sometimes like I can kind of, like, I used to be able to like tell when a guy was like about to like, kinda like grab my crotch or something.


They're like, oh, like before you do that. Like, And then, so I, I got a secret. What's the rate? Would, Would your voice get that deep when you would say that? Yeah, because I think you could tell after that. I'd go, I'd go full Jerry Springer. Yeah. The reason I brought you here, Quantus. Oh fuck. I was born a man. Funny. So when you would have to do that, if it got to that point, if they were about to grab your crotch and you double made sure, like whatever, how, like, would they, would they just keep going? Would they, would it, did it? No. Yeah. They don't give a fuck, right?


Yeah, Yeah. At that point. Either they knew what, or they're down for an adventure. No. Yeah, it's, it's usually like, sometimes they get more excited, right? They're like, oh fuck. Like I got one. Yeah. Yep. Look at, yep, come for the chicken. Stay for the beef. All right. Juanita, what do you do for fun? What's a hobby of yours? I like painting a lot. And then, Hey Ben, I like do Uhoh. Uhoh. I have so many walls. Put your Political views aside for one night.


You like painting. What else? Like Painting. I like doing karaoke. I Like doing What's your karaoke song of choice? Do you go boy or girl on that one? Are you doing fucking Celine Dion or Dion Celine. Both the violins in the street. How do you know about Dion? No. No. I go like Selena. Usually do Selena. Okay. Alright, that's a good one. Can we get a little, can we get a little, a taste of the Selena Nachos? Bel Grande's been waiting for me to get a Selena song for years. Here. Here we go. Jose say Alright.


All right, I'm gonna stop you there. That is amazing. That is amazing. Somehow you sound like Selena and you look like the lady that shot her at the same time. Absolutely incredible. That Is tonight's Doritos joke of the night. Oh my god. You already have a big joke book. Yeah. Hell yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise. Can I return of Juanita? Everybody? I Do one thing. I don't know why you wants to do one thing. Wants to it. What's going on? Juanita? I wanted challenge Rick Diaz for his golden ticket. No, no. That's not how it works, Juanita. That's not how it works.


There goes Juanita, everybody. Thank you so much. Adorable. Adorable. It's a little, the man came out at the end there. I want to take Rick Diaz's job. Wow. Alright. Your next bucket poll. Looks like a new name goes by the name of Lisa Smith. Everybody. Lisa Smith. Here we go. Okay, this is great. Where my white men at?


Okay, great. I think the funniest thing about World War ii, you guys love, love it. I think the funniest thing is how adorable Japanese people became after. Like, these people used to be scary. They used to be like kamikaze pilots and samurais. And then after the war they were like, K we're we're cute. Now I could say that though. I could say that 'cause I'm a weird black person and everyone knows all weird black people are Japanese for some reason. I don't know why, but I am gonna name my baby Super Kauai.


Super Kauai Leonard. Okay, great. You guys watch basketball. I think the second funniest thing about World War II is what a oppenheimer's girlfriends killed herself. 'cause just like white women gotta make everything about them. Okay, thank you Lisa Smith. Welcome. Welcome. Hey. Hi. Hello. How are you? This is your first time on the show, right? Yeah. At the, at mothership? Yeah. Okay. Where was the other time at? Welcome. Okay, so it's been a few years. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Awesome. How long you been doing standup? Oh, like nine Years.


Nine years? All of it. Here in Austin, Texas? No, Atlanta. Duh. Oh, well that, that was my next guess. Yeah. Anyway. Atlanta, how long have you been in Austin? Like three Years. Three years? Absolutely. Perfect. What do you do for work? I serve tables at like a crab restaurant. At a Crab restaurant. A lot of servers here too. Yeah, at a crab restaurant. And Lisa, your set was very funny, filled with punchlines World War ii. I would not have guessed that you would come out with a full minute of World War II material guns, a blazing like that. Absolutely incredible.


Tell us more about you. Lisa Smith. Okay. I, I like, like scrawny dudes. I like anime. Okay, great. That was one of them. When You say scrawny dudes, you mean scrawny black dudes or white dudes? It can be whatever. Well, okay. It could be white, black is number one and two. But I've, I've fucked every race. White and black. Ever been to a Hampton Inn? Lisa, you're into anime. What else?


Let me ask you this. When you say scrawny dudes, how scrawny are you talking? What's like the smallest guy you've ever hooked up with? If you had to guess, guess his weight One You ever 30 ish. One 30? Yep. That's pretty light. Do you know who Heath Cordes is? Yeah, I don't, I dunno. He's a tiny, tiny little boy spinner. Where is he? Yeah, I know. I'm kidding. Is Heath here? Does anybody have eyes on Heath? He might be under one of your tables running around right now. He likes to pick up little things that people drop. Do You have a job? What do you do for work? She works at a crab restaurant. She's a server at a crab restaurant?


Yeah. Hell yeah. I Should say that though. Okay, Sorry. Yep. What, Where what, what, what do, what's your position there? Server. She's a server at a crab. This moment is brought to you by the RICH VOS School of Comedy where, where anyone can listen and then just say whatever they want and then follow it up with a, I'm back. Glasses are going on right now. Monday through Wednesday, three to three 15. I love you. You're so likable. I could see you on SNL. They got like four of her on SNL already. Yeah, that's exactly what SNL wants on SNL. There's A lot of me in New York. Yeah. Yep.


No doubt about it. Lisa, tell us something crazy about your life. Tell us something wild. What would surprise us about you? My whole family's crazy. Three bitches trying to fight me before I left Atlanta. What did they try to fight you for? Okay. Okay. Oh, there's gonna be good. Oh yeah, this is gonna be great. Well, one thought I was trying to fuck her girlfriend. And then Do you do that sometimes? Do you hook up with chicks? No, I, I hear my voice. I know. No, I'm, I'm, I'm straight. And then one I did fuck her boyfriend and then the last one, I dunno. I don't know. I think she thought I was better than her.


Why would you, why would she think that you thought that she was better than her? I think my, my voice sounds affluent, but I'm poor. But I, I think that kind of gets black. Women don't like that. So black people don't like that. They don't, sorry. They don't. Is this true black people? The black people look very confused. Jon Deas. Are you the child of Macy Gray in Camp Patterson? It's, I would love That. Yeah. How long has your hair been like that? It's a really, like, it's a great quality. It is incredible. It was there a barbershop at the Underground Railroad that you went to.


Wow. Oh, even John. You're not gonna laugh at that. Wow. Jesus. John John's gotten too used to the show. Four years has gotten to his fucking head. Used to laugh at jokes like that. Aha. Great. Can I touch your hair? Oh my God. Red band? No. Let me answer that for you. You cannot touch her hair. Do you have a boyfriend now? Yeah, I guess. A, a comedian. You date a comedian? No. I used to do that. I, I, I stopped. Why? Who the fuck are you Hollering? What's that? Am I That that means Are you trying to Yeah.


Are you trying to go on a date with her? Are you hollering at Her? Oh no. No. I couldn't handle that. Where do you work? Do you have a, a job or do you serve at a crab restaurant? Do you I serve tables at a crab restaurant. What, what, who, who's, who are like your influences when you first got into standup? Wow. These are like real questions. Yeah. That, that is a very, very serious question. You got there. What, what is this? Inside the actor studio. What's your favorite curse word? Fuck.


What turns you on? What RICH VOS Rich was? What turns you off for Doris? Oh, this. What would would, what would you do if you weren't doing standup comedy? Should probably be a server at a fucking crab restaurant. Here's the big joke bug. We're gonna, there she goes. Big Smith's for Lisa Smith. We're having fun here tonight. All right. Make some noise for your next bucket poll. Ladies and gentlemen. It is Will Owens. Everybody. Will Owens Shut your ass up.


I hope all y'all doing well. I'm feeling great. My wife and I just finished adopting an at-risk youth. Yeah, we got a little crack baby at the crib ship every morning before work. I pick 'em up. Take a deep breath, get a little contact. High shit. Better than coffee, man. I do have a question. I'm ask this side of the room. 'cause some of y'all look like y'all grew up in the system. What's the return policy on an orphan? Anybody know? Is it 30 days? Do I still need the receipt at this point? I'll take store credit. This little nigga gotta go. They told me he was refurbished good as new.


Hey, he came out that box of broken. All right. Oh, before I get outta here, somebody please take a picture of me so my wife doesn't think I'm cheating. Willows. You have one more? No, I was gonna say just send her the picture in three hours. There you go. Will Owens. So you are married? Yeah. Married. And do you, you really have a kid? Yeah. It is not a crack baby though. But yeah, I Mean, that was my next question. Oh, no, it was it. When when you say orphan, you adopted it. No, that's just a joke.


I just write jokes. Okay. All right. Relax. Will Jesus Christ Almighty. I, that's why. All right. That's why I was Here. I'm sorry. Okay. Relax. Will you're, you're doing okay. Relax. Relax. You're not in court right now. Relax. Will, it's okay. I'm gonna take, I want this to go. Good for you too. Will, how long you been doing standup? About two and a half years. Where at? Houston. You know everybody fucking groaned Earlier when I asked the black guy Atlanta and then Houston, just take note. Atlanta, Houston. I'm just saying South Florida would be the third guess where the guy was from.


Alright, so Will Houston, Texas. Two and a half years. You still live there? Yeah. I'm not from Houston. I just live moved there. Where you originally from? San Bernardino, California. Yeah. What made you move to Houston? It's cheaper. Okay. All right. Yeah, That's about it. And what do you do for a living there? I'm a staffing agency recruiter. Okay. Alright. Do you like that job? Yeah. I love it. Okay. Yeah. What do you do for fun? Will fuck y'all. Everyone likes you will. Everybody likes you. I'm laughing at my job. No, they, they're just laughing. They just think you're likable. Will. It's a good thing. Oh, thank you. You're doing good. Says ready to turn on everybody real fast.


Very defensive. Will, Are you always that, are you always that quick to fuck y'all? You do that a lot? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. You turn it's a joker, but you kind of mean it. Yeah. Only to my friends. I can't be my true self to strangers. Oh. I think that's what Ted Bundy said. Yeah. Now it's good. That do Now it work. And you too can use a punchline like that. If you take classes at the RICH VOS School of Comedy Operators are standing by classes are $630. They take Venmo and cash. Three to three 15 Monday through Tuesday. That's my birthday. Six 30. That's your birthday. Six 30. Yeah. Oh, thanks Rich. That's a big part of the comedy show. Hey, you guessed my birthday.


Just If you want to play that number. Six 30. I like your fucking case. You look good, man. New sneakers. Fucking you know about. Did you know what J's are? I got 50 pairs. I'm a fucking headliner bitch. A headliner. You a headliner. I've never heard of such a How do you get to be a headliner? Who gets, how do you get to go a blast at the comedy club? They're what? Dunks. Why you All right. Co headliner. Oh my God. They're, They're not Jordan's. Alright. Will tell us something crazy about your life? Tell us a fun fact about you or something about your life that would surprise us or that that Wouldn't Any anything.


Just, I met my, one of my brothers when I was in like high school. Whoa. Yeah. I didn't even know he existed that week before. You're This is from obviously your father's side. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I Got, yeah, Low hanging fruit. That one, huh? Was it emotional? Fuck no. Yeah. No shit was like a Ghetto Maori episode and shit. Yep. That happens. That's a thing that happens to white people too. That'd be happening to some white people. That'd be, Where'd you meet him? Like at like jail or? So my, The red band School of Comedy is taking submissions now at the Sunset Strip.


It's a 20, it's a 20 minute course. You get a certificate at the end. I've seen a soundboard. What made you meet your brother then? Did you, was that your dad's idea? No, I, I don't think either one of us knew he existed. For real. My sister's good friend, she was hanging out and her, my sister's good friend's. Mom walked in, asked her her name, she told her full name and she was like, oh, are you related to Willie Owens Jr. And she was like, that's my dad. And then she was like, oh, you wanna meet your brother? And then she was like, little nigga come in here and meet your sister. So cash. And then my sister called me like, little nigga, come in here.


Meet you brother. Yeah. But we're cool now. Wow. What I said about that happening to white people. It doesn't happen that I don't like That. It's not exactly like that. Have you guys kicked it since you reunited? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I talk to him all the time. Yeah. You guys find that you have a lot of things in common? No. Okay. All right. Well, well what else? Anything else other than staff and recruiting? What you have any hobbies or anything like that? Just for real? Just being a father comedy. Right? Every day. How old's your kid? 2, 2, 2 years old. Is that Will Owens the third? No, it's a girl. Oh Hell yeah.


Were you happy when you found out you were having a girl? Yeah, I was happy. I would've been happy no matter what it was. You know? I just wanted a healthy kid. What's the toughest part about being a dad? Toughest part about being a dad. Staying there? Yep. No, not a black dad. Oh, Again, that number for the rich Fus. It's two five.


Five Will Owens, thank you so much. He's killed Tony debut. It has happened. Will Owens. Alright, we're gonna speed through this next part of the show. I have another golden ticket winner. Literally famously, one of the greatest golden ticket winners in the history of the show. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Martin Phillips. Everybody. Here you go. Hey, what's up? Yeah. Okay, cool.


It was Ash Wednesday recently. I couldn't make it to turn, so I just met my grandma as remains on my forehead. I was, because she's, it's the only I had anyway. I I love her, not a fighter. So when, so, and try to fight me, I try to have sex with met her. Yeah. Like let's do that this another way. Let's meet it the middle, you know, because the, this deal.


Anyway. No, I don't think I can fight any people. I think I got old people and children. So if you're under eight or over 80, stay the fuck outta my way. 59 and a half seconds for Martin Phillips. These people are dialed in. Super professional. Thank You. A hundred percent all time batting average for Martin Phillips. How, how's life going Martin? You look fantastic. Oh, now he's just cord. Oh, it's Corduroy. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Now he's fiber dude. Hell yeah.


Nothing better than a corduroy shirt on the first 85 degree day of the year. No, it was cold in the morning. Okay. Okay. Okay. You put it on in the morning. Yeah. You dress up in the morning and then no matter what happens, yeah, I I take my outfit. Okay. I stick, stick with my fashion. Nice. Oh yeah. Old black cloud, dude. Fuck yeah. Favorite color or something. You called her blind. Are you, Are you talking shit right now? What the fuck is going on? Exactly. Motherfucker. What's going on? Are you going to a funeral?


And you, You are so lucky. I don't understand what you're saying. No, you look great. What, what is happening over here? Just 'cause you fucking can't take the shirt off. Yeah. Just 'cause you can't unbutton your fucking buttons after you get all dressed in the horse. Come on. Come on Mark. No, no, no, no. Oh God. Yeah. Oh no. Oh no. Oh shit. We've run out time. Oh shit. Oh, oh, oh. What a twist. Oh shit.


How the, Now the shoes, How the hell is this the biggest show in comedy right now? This doesn't make any sense. We fucking fucking dudes with cerebral palsy taking off their shirts to standing ovations and Netflix is like, how do I get involved? This Is absolutely incredible. Yeah. The tough part's gonna be busted back up, right? Yeah. There's Going to be, I didn't think about that part. You're gonna see Juanita with a new green corduroy durag later wrapped around her head. Martin, that could be your new closer.


Oh, oh yeah. I shirt. Yeah. I have to get the shirt I take off the bat. I do that sometimes. I I knew that reverse Spark Christ Chrysler, I think. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The pants. Hell yeah. Has Has anybody ever tried to use you as a dildo? Oh, Okay. The school. He is back. He's that Alex Martin Phillips a coldblooded assassin. You are truly the fucking man.


Is there anything else crazy we should know about you before moving on? I, I, I, you know, fuck all you guys. Fuck everybody. They love you. Yeah. Do you know I I I've been doing so out lately. Yeah. I, I don't think I have to substitute anymore. I think. Yeah. I love that. No more substitute teaching. You're on tour, you're doing the road a lot. You're selling tickets. Yo, can I say this? Martin Phillips did a Dr. Phil live in Las Vegas in January. Yes. And he came out first and the place 4,100 people went fucking nuts when he came out. Dude, He's a superstar. Goddamn Murder. He's a superstar.


Fucking you Beast Martin. You soak god damn nice and funny man. A superstar. Yeah. So I can retire. Substitute teaching. Yeah. The crazy thing on last days I substituted, I did something I never done before at work. I, well I, I hit my pants at the job. And While you were teaching, Luckily it was at the end of the day. 'cause I don't think I could have hit that from the kids. I think they would've known. Yeah. I shit my pants. Wow. And what, what was it exactly that you were doing when you shit your pants, you're a substitute teacher.


Yeah. So you play a lot of videos and stuff. Yeah, I Just, well, you know, I just, yeah, I just had the feeling of shitting. But then I have a classroom of students, so I was like, oh, I can wait till the end of the period. And I could not actually. Yeah. But luckily it happened after they all left. Were you wearing jeans or, oh, I was wearing khakis. Oh My god. Wow. And was it a lot, was it like a little shard or was it, oh, Let me tell you. It was, it was a vast amount of a thesis.


Wow. Not the quote, my own joke, but I was like, what am I gonna do with all this shit? Wow. What did you do? Take us through the moment. I, It looked like it looked like I peed out my butt. Yeah. So Anytime someone describes shitting as a vast amount of feces. Yeah. Wait, Were you wearing m So you gotta wear like NBA tearaways next time. Yeah, that'd be nasty. Hold on. Take us actually through it now. You shit your pants and there's a ton of shit. It is an unbelievable amount of shit. Oh yeah, it was. And you always have let, just let me slow it down here. Let the record show that he is not like a fucking, you know, Retard.


Well, Right. But he's also not like a comic that just would say that he shit his fucking pants And that he shit a lot to tell a funny story. Like he go to my school of comics. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well, so this being one of the more intellectual, true joke writers on the show's fucking roster. Yeah. This is actually incredible and Honestly honest is maybe not surprising. I do happen to put myself more often than you would imagine. It's a, well, I mean, you always walk like, you just champagne. I have to go to a doctor and I have like IPS.


It's always, So let's go, let's go back. Okay. Okay. Alright. What is it? The last period of the day? Second last. Last period. Right. Last period. Okay. And you like, and you it's But rings kids out and I'm like, okay, let's go. Right. And I, I start close the door and I'm like, oh. Oh. You know. Oh. So how did you get out of there with all that shit in your pants? Well, okay. Was it running down your leg at all? I don't think I, I walked slowly and I was, I had go for, I go in a few minutes for the school bus and to leave. Wait, Wait, wait. You know, there was one kid left behind. You was Like, Mr. Phillips, are you okay? And he was like, Are you Get the fuck outta here kid A thither.


So I, yeah, I just sat down and waited and I sat down. It was squishy. I was like, Oh, That I knew it was a fast about, I was like, oh, fast. But how do you get to your car? Don't you have to like clock out? What does substitute teachers do? I help. You Can just balance, dude, you not clock. I, I guess I don't know how it works. That was, it's funny, while is he sat in the teacher's chair like, wait, I got a up, I left a wet mark on the teacher's chair. Oh, I god, you At the wet bandits from home alone. So, so he probably thought it was a prank by a student.


He, he probably didn't think it was by the guy who substituted for him that day. Right. But I, I have a lie. Whole life, I, I tried to clean. I don't think I, I did not follow through one the chair. So who knows what happen to it. But anybody, I think it's a sign that it is indeed time to give up. Substitute. Yeah. Yeah. That's God telling you it's, that's a wrap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So You left your mark on that school? I Did. Yep. And you left your mark in the community. And I Walked with my knees bent like this, Which isn't much different than Norma.


Yeah. It got whole and I, I got, you know, nothing. I think it held the shit so that luckily I have a sea protector on my car so I can sit on the seat. Wow. But then I threw that out after I got home And that night just went straight to the shower and threw everything away and Yep. Washed up. And nobody knows at that school Except all the millions of People Now they know they Don't go into the middle school I was at. Right. So, wow. Incredible. Martin. Yeah. What can I say? You fill our hearts every time you're on, just like you fill the backside of your pants when you're teaching.


We love you. You've done it again. Martin Phillips, Ladies and gentlemen. Alright. Before you know what, you know what I'm in the mood to do, I'm in the mood to do something fun here right now. And I know we're running late and you people got here hours ago. You wanna end it now? No. You think we should do something fun? Yeah. Prison guy. What's your name? What is it? Offender Old finger offender. Oh, offender. Offender. Yeah. Okay. I wanna, I, I wanna a guy in the green shirt. Make a little space here.


Make some noise for offender. Everybody. A minute from offender. Come on. There you go. Get to the microphone. There you go. No, right there. Your time starts offender. Come on. Hell. Fuck yeah, dude. Oh my fucking God. I wanna say this. I did my Time like a man. That's right. Take that Brittany grinder. Couple things about prison you should know in case you decide to go farting is considered a former flirting and I had to learn that the hard way when I let one rip.


Now I heard it do way down the way. He said, Hey, I hear you calling my name down there. Yeah. And if you didn't laugh at that joke, I guess that's one of those moments in life where you should have been there because that shit was funny. But I was scared, you know what I'm saying? I hated when the guards made me strip down because they never tipped. I felt like that shit was rude as hell. There is one more thing I will say. Go Right ahead. There is a sound. You've done your time, but we're sending you back for, for more. I appreciate it. Yeah.


There is one sound that haunts me to this day. It's not the sound of a man getting raped or too men enjoying it. What? Too many what? Too men enjoying it. Two men enjoying it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it's actually the sound chains make when you walk. Yeah. It sounds like chin, chin, chin. Okay. Offender. I gave you a shot there. Let's Again, that's the RICH VOS School of Comedy. Is, That's actually, he actually is a double. He's a, he's got his, he went, he went to both schools. Okay. Offender. Let's talk about it real quick. How long were you in prison for?


I did 13 months, sir. 13 months. What did you get sentenced to prison for? I had two grams of pot 0.1 to cocaine when I was 26. I was on the run for about six years. Okay. In Alabama. It's a felony in Alabama. No doubt about it. I'm Sorry, my voice sounds so You're okay. Don't worry about it because I, we gotta fly through it. Yeah, go ahead. Okay. So how long have you been listening to KILL TONY? Did you find it in prison or before? Yes sir. So I found it in prison and I luckily I was like a low level offender. Sorry. And so I was able to go out into the free, I was in a work release camp after a certain amount of time and I was able to go out. Thank you. Red Bone. Yep. Keep going. I was able to go out every day into the free world and I would work at this chicken plant and I would listen to KILL TONY.


I didn't even get to watch it. And Michael Laer was actually the comedian that convinced me, like gave me the inspiration. Amazing. The late great. One of my favorite humans ever. The great Michael Lair. So you did that. So you found it there. Was it somebody that recommended it to you? How'd you find it in prison? I, I've Actually believed that to be honest with you. It was JREI think I'd seen you guys on the air. Right. And we were talking about it. So you tried it out. And This is way before you guys came to Texas and Have you ever done standup comedy before? So I've been doing standup now. I moved here two and a half months ago and I've been doing it every day for three to five months a day since I've got here. Dude, That's how you do it. I love it. Yes sir. Yep. I waited three years. I live on my short bus.


I dedicate my life to this. This is All you live on a short bus? Yes sir. I'm an alabamian. It checks out. I love it. Yeah, I love it. And do you have a job? No, sir. Comedy is the career and passion that I'm choosing, so I'm dedicating all of my time to that. How do you survive though? How do you make a little bit of money to survive? What are you just committing crimes? Oh, it's gonna be ugly. Plead The fifth. Yo, come on, tell us the Truth. You know the show, you know, it's better when You're on this. Always tell the truth. Yeah. Yeah. So I sell some of the best goddamn weed that I grew my motherfucking self. You're you're growing it in the short bus or outdoors? No, I used to live in Oregon.


I was a professional pot grower. So when I went to go turn myself in, I drove my short bus across country. When I got done, I went back to Oregon and I recently, I had to get my license. I had to do a lot of steps to move here to Austin to follow this dream. Right. So I like have literally the past three years been dedicating to try to get to this point. Point. How old are you? I'm 36. 36. You know what, I'm gonna have you paint red band's house. Hey. Hey. I'm more professional than that one guy. No, I love it. I I'm just kidding. No one's letting you in their fucking house. Come on. Come on. I mean, maybe you get it. Come on. Maybe John Cena. If he's having a John Cena lookalike party, that's a compliment.


Where do you get your material from? So like I obviously do have all of the prison material that I do, but I have my normal stuff as well and I practice every day. I've been out on the street like literally barking for the past week. So I'm sorry my voice is Barking. To get people into the comedy show so that you can do a spot. Is that what you're talking about? Or You Yes sir. Yes sir. Literally Barking. 'cause you're on crystal meth. No, No, no. Okay. No meth, right? Yeah. I mean that's my stuff. Do you still partake in things? Are you still kind of a party Boy? No sir. Just marijuana. Just marijuana. A hundred percent. You don't drink or THCA. Sure, but you don't drink, you don't do coke anymore? No, sir. So I do drink a little bit, officer. Okay. Sorry.


Since you're a KILL TONY fan, I'm gonna let you off the Hook. Yeah, I appreciate it. Hey, can I tell you one thing that I really have? Like it's special. It's really good. Okay. Do you know it feels like it's gonna be the last time we KILL TONY. Do you know Tony Bingo board? Yeah. I have a tattoo of it on my thigh that I got while I was in prison. You have a KILL TONY ta I have to see it. KILL TONY Bingo board. Yes. Y'all wanna see it? Yeah. Just Make some fucking noise. You're gonna show it. What? The fuck's going on here? Let's do it. We're running outta time, Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. Wow.


That is fucking incredible. That is the actual KILL TONY. Entire fucking bingo card. That is unbelievable. That is incredible. I got your life together. Well, I guess so. I love it. I love it. Offender. Congratulations. Here's a big joke. Boat. There you go. Oh Jesus. Right off his fucking face. Hey, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're okay. I catch cases not You're okay. We gotta finish the show. Go have fun. Get outta here. Wow, dude. One more time for offender everybody. Yeah. Making Dreams come True. And now working. Babe Ladies and gentlemen, this is it.


The moment you've been waiting for a show that featured two golden ticket winners. Two. I mean, the closer went first. So I guess there's truly only one way to end an episode like this. And that is with Unlike A Fender, a guy who's still trying to get his American citizenship. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the Estonian assassin, the one and only the great and powerful Ari Matti.


A friend of mine got cheated on by his girl, very sad. And he, he found out that she cheated the only way men find out that they've been cheated on. She told them, let's be honest, men ain't figuring shit out. We don't notice. When you get a new haircut, you think I'm gonna notice a sparkle in your eyes. You think I'm gonna notice an overall glow about you?


Dude, I can't imagine how easy it is to cheat on a guy. I could come home, the other guy's in the closet smell of sperm is all across the apartment. I'll still be like, baby, what you cooking? Is that full? You could have the other guys come fall outta your pussy. I'll be like, holy shit, I'm killing it. I'll tell my friends, my baby girl. Come white dude.


Cheating on a woman though. Different story. They can tell. Even if they don't have evidence, they'll just look at you fucking, you'll just lock it. I-I-I-I-I don't, I don't. I Dude, if you wanna cheat on a woman, you gotta meet that other bitch in like Guadalajara with a fake passport. You gotta destroy the evidence after you gotta fucking, you might have to drown that bitch. You might have to, you might have to drown her in the lake. Like, sorry mama Sitta.


But the bitch we No, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. Fucking crazy. It's crazy. What's going on here is crazy. We are witnessing a great comedian. Become one of truly the fucking truly. I really believe you're like one of the best in the world right now. It's crazy. That's very nice of you. We're watching it happen in real time in the public eye. It's Pretty crazy. Yeah, It is crazy. You're a superstar. Yeah. My life dude. 12, 12 fucking years. Nobody wanted me.


The festivals didn't want me. Jf fuck JFLI hope you fucking burned to hell. Yep. They they did. By the way they went bankrupt. Somebody bought him. I hope he dies too. What A word. I've auditioned to every fucking festival. I've been to London, Melbourne. Fuck you. Nobody wanted me. And then I finally found this motherfucking hardcore comedy community. Yeah, that's it. You chased it down. So, Adam, do you wanna jump in here? Yeah. Ari, where do you work? Do you have a job? What's, do you work Alright. No. Do you get recognized?


Like you mentioned that like you're obviously like In Austin. Yeah, but I think it's like the KILL TONY fans. They're always so cool. You know, they wanna be cool, you know, they don't wanna run up to guys. They're always weird, you know, they're like fucking What's up player? You know? Yeah. What is your demo? Lie mostly Men. All men. All men. It's always men. Yeah, Men always. After shows in the corner. That was a great new tag. I noticed you a fucking, that was a great new tag. I really Amazing Rule of three. It's a good compliment though. That is an insider. No, it's of course it's a good, the best fans. Yeah. I'm gonna go off of, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I wanna cover something here that I know what you wanna cover.


I did notice this week and Red Band has brought it up on this screen. The Estonian mp. What does that stand for? Main Prime or something. Fuck I even, fuck, I'm blanking. What he's done. He is something with money, But he is okay in The government. No, he's in the fucking European whatever commission. The Guy's haircut is fucking crazy. I know. Everybody's been sending me this fucking meme this whole week. Yeah. Have you guys seen this fucking haircut? I know the Guy too. Do people do this a lot in Estonia? I mean, in modern day politics, you gotta stand out. Yeah. Yeah. He has a really hot girlfriend too. Bagging Really Check out the girlfriend. I bet he does. He's got that kind of energy.


He is. Got fucking Party Boy Energy. I Know. It is a crazy haircut, but if you are in front of a commission from a small country that nobody gives a fuck about. Yeah. This is a great start. You gotta stand out. Get Some fucking, we're gonna put the picture of him over the screen during this part so that people can fucking fathom what the hell we're talking about. 'cause it is a goddamn absolute. That's mental illness. It's an architectural. It's an architectural. Is that a word? Architectural. Architectural. Looks like the guy who farted at Offender. Yeah. I just wanted to say your name again. Sorry. Oh, This is the Prisoner, right? Yeah, That's the guy over there. I thought, I thought And yes, you are very, very prison. Ari.


Anything else we should you wanna say before we put a ribbon on this episode? Killers of KILL TONY. Amazing. You know? Yeah. Yeah. I go, dude, we go out sometimes to party. Dude, you should check out the crew. We go. It's David Jolly. Me and Martin Phillips. These bouncers don't know what the fuck kind of Avengers are walking in. Just, just the fucking, the blackest guy you've ever seen. A fucking Nazi and a crippled. It's like a, It really, it's Like a fucking anecdote when we just walk into bars. Yeah. And I love the way they look at Martin from the distance. They're like, what the fuck? How fucked up is this guy, This guy's? And he's gotta be like, ah, ah, I'm not fucked up.


I'm just like this. I I, And you too can learn a Martin Phillips impression at the Rich Voss School of Comedy. Absolutely. Fucking incredible. You, you do some impressions. It's usually in the fucking green room where I see 'em that crash. What was the other one? What was the one That I sneak 'em out sometimes. Yeah. I didn't realize it. What was the other one? You had another one though. I don't, maybe it's not good to do it if I don't know who it is, but who was it? I don't know. You were doing one the other night that had Me. Well, David Jolly coupon. I I know you, you have a David Jolly God.


No. Hell yeah. Ari, you like, I mean there, there's not, I mean I could go on and on, so I'm not going to so Much Thank you to all the fans. Thank you for supporting me. You're watching it in real life. A rock star, an international superstar. How about one more time? Did you guys have fun tonight? Huh? One more time for your reigning defending hall of Famer and a 2023 guest of the year. Adam Ray, Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Phil is on tour.


ADAM RAY is on tour. You can get tickets for all those events, which are giant theaters. This guy is fucking thriving. ADAM RAY comedy.com. And how about one more time for Rich Boss, Ladies and gentlemen, his new special is on Amazon. It is called Anonymous. We absolutely love you guys.


Thank you to ZipRecruiter and Shopify.


The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in and it's absolutely stunning. That does. That is an incredible fucking drawing. How about one more time for the best damn band in the land. Netflix KILL TONY. Joining forces April fucking seventh. Whatever you do, I don't think I've ever really asked you guys for anything, but watch it. Tell your friends to watch it when you go to somebody else's house. Just turn it on, turn it on everywhere. Have your friends turn it on. We're gonna fucking do a little campaigning. Is everybody gonna watch on April 7th?


It's not gonna be what you think it's gonna be. It's gonna be our fucking, it's gonna be really, really good. It's gonna be really special. Let's check out what Chris Rogers drew tonight. Oh wow. It's me, Russ, and I fucking not paying homage to Stone Cold. See, if I lifted weights, I could. I could. Alright, April 7th. We did it 12 fucking years of doing this show and now the world will know we are going to be shoved right down their fucking throats red band. Love you guys. I love you. God bless this audience and God bless the United States of America.


World Peace all. We love you. Thank you. Goodnight everybody.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now. Okay. Check out Red Band's Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


This podcast is brought to you by Aura. By the time you hear about a data breach, your information has already been exposed from months on average. Companies take 277 days to report a breach. That's nine months where hackers have access to your personal data, your name, address, phone number, even your social security number before you even know it's out there. Think about it. Nine months is enough time for criminals to open accounts in your name, rack up debt, and disappear all while you're left dealing with the mess. And when the company finally tells you it's too late, the damage is already done. Data breaches aren't slowing down, they're getting bigger and the delays in reporting them aren't helping. Right now. Your personal information could already be on the dark web and you wouldn't even know it. How long do you wanna wait before taking action? That's why we're thrilled to partner with Aura. Aura monitors the dark web for users, phone numbers, emails and social security numbers delivering real-time alerts if any suspicious activity is detected. Additionally, aura provides up to $5 million in identity theft insurance offering a robust safety net. In the event of a worst case scenario, aura goes the extra mile by scanning the dark web for your sensitive info and alerting you instantly if anything is bound. And if Id theft strikes, no need to panic. Aura's US-based 24 7 broad resolution team works around the clock to fix it fast and get you back on track. Or is a complete online safety toolkit, which includes a variety of other features to keep you safe online, including a VPN for Secure Browsing. Data Broker, opt-out to stop companies from selling your personal information, a password manager to help you create and store strong passwords and more for a limited time Aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial plus a check of your data to see if your personal information has been leaked online. All for free when you visit aura.com/defense. That's aura.com/defense to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a U ra.com/defense. Certain terms apply, so be sure to check the site for details.