
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Two huge announcements. Next week's episode will exclusively be on Netflix on April 7th, KILL. TONY can only be found for the first time ever on Netflix.


So go to your Netflix app, set the reminder, set it in your calendars. Tell everyone you know another huge announcement Right now, Madison Square Garden, we are coming back to beautiful New York City, August 16th. This is your chance to get tickets for the show. It sells out. It sold out twice last year, and we are starting with August 16th. Tickets go on sale with a special artist presale this Wednesday, April 2nd at 10:00 AM using the promo code. Kill 2025, and then tickets will be on sale for everybody this Friday, April 4th. But I highly recommend you use the artist presale.


That's when it sold out last year, using the promo code Kill 20 twenty5@ticketmaster.com. Very few tickets left for Nashville this Friday, and we're gonna be there Saturday, too. I think that's sold out. And London, England, June 7th. These are the episodes of KILL TONY in which you have a chance of getting tickets. So go to ticket master.com. Use the Passcode Kill 2025 for Madison Square Garden tickets. We'll see you in Nashville. We'll see you in London. Tickets for those available at Tony HINCHCLIFFE dot com. We'll see you soon.


Hey, this is Griffin coming live from the Comedy Mothership for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get for Tony X class Who's ready for the best fucking night of your lives? Mix Mark to Brian Headband, Ladies and gentlemen, you're Ready. You're in the eye of the goddamn storm, the number one live podcast in the world, brought to you by Shopify Blue Chew nicked via open phone and Kovas boots.


How about a hand for the best stand band in the land? Huh? Have you ever seen anything like that before? Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos Sosa, Michael Gonzalez, nachos Belgar Grande. That is Big Mike on the drums. Matt Mulling on the electric guitar and D Madness on the bass tonight, Ladies and gentlemen. Oh my goodness. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing Sponsors that made it all possible


At Sierra Discover Top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get Premium Wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


Hey, Lonzo Ball, it's your agent. What's up? I've got a commercial opportunity for you from Buzz Balls. Ready to go. Cocktails. Nice. My last name is Ball. The Product is a cocktail in a ball. I get it. That's what I thought too. But no, they want you for your hands. They think your big hands will show off the size of their new Blue Biggies ball. Big blue balls really Get blue balls this season with Buzz Balls. Please. Your responsible Buzz Balls available in Spirit Wine and Malt. 15% Alco by volume. Bus Balls. LLC, Carrollton, Texas.


Are you guys ready to start the fucking show or what? As always, two of the best guests humanly possible. I mean an absolute legend. One of them is a front runner for Guest of the year 2025. The other is a guy who we have worked with for 18 years and is a comedy store legend. Ladies and gentlemen, if you love this show, you're gonna love tonight's guests. Make some fucking noise for SAM TALLENT and IAN EDWARDS. Everybody, Oh my god, Sam Tallent. Ian Edwards Live in the Flesh. Two of the best my go.


We are gonna have some fun here tonight. SAM TALLENT an absolute fucking freak machine. His book Running the Light is available everywhere right now. No doubt about it. Every single place that books are sold, Sam has a great book. I'm telling you, you, you podcast fans, you listen to a lot of podcasts, you listen to a lot of things. Read a fucking book. Read Running The Light by SAM TALLENT. It's an easy read. It's a lot of fun. It's every comedian that you know book. It's a book. Mikes called Book. It's a book and he's got a book. No, you read it, you turn the pages and it stays the same. And you read it, Matt. It's $18.


$18 available everywhere books are sold. Here's What Shane Gillis had to say. You never expect this abomination of a man to write such beautiful prose, but SAM TALLENT has done it. Wow, what a book. So if glowing praise like that doesn't sell this thing, please Random House reissued it. It's available where all books are sold. March 25th. And thank you to KILL TONY for being so nice to me. Thank you. Make some noise for IAN EDWARDS. Ladies and gentlemen here, one of the greats comedy story, like I should have wrote something before I came here. Has not written a book, but he does have a new special on YouTube.


Follow him on Instagram. His YouTube and Instagram is the scene. It's IAN EDWARDS comic. You guys have both been on the show multiple times. I, I'm proud to announce that it is a record. 309 human beings signed up. Yeah, all you gotta do kids make your own show. Do it every single Monday for 12 years. Make a big Netflix announcement and you two will be bigger than ever. 309 humans, just absolute crack heads hoping to get on stage. Some real talented comedians from all around the world mixed in here, no doubt. But the odds of us pulling one of them are so absolutely solo, most likely just a homeless crazy person.


We all know it, but we love it. That's what the show is. Absolutely. Anything can happen. They get a minute uninterrupted. And then I conduct an absolutely insane improvised interview. You know, their time is up. When you hear that Cat 60 Seconds is up, they get a little more time. Or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which rudely interrupts them. And then the interview begins. The whole thing is chaos and fun. Hopefully. You guys ready to start tonight's show while they go? Wrangle that comedian from next door. We're gonna start with a golden ticket winner, Ladies and gentlemen, one of the joyst little sweet boys to ever win a golden ticket. Make some noise. This is a Minute Uninterrupted by Jack Shaw.


Hey guys, I'm very happy. I just got an acting manager. I've always wanted to be an actor and I don't love the types of auditions that they're sending me out for. The first audition I ever got was for a college student who gets the shit kicked out of him. And I don't know if you know how acting works, but a casting director saw my face and said, this kid is perfect to have the shit kicked out of him. And then my favorite audition I got was for creepy eighties porn projectionist, which I fucking nailed. And then most recently I went out for dumb guy number two who is sensitive to sound and cannot make eye contact.


So I think my type is fucking autistic. And turns out I did well 'cause I got a callback for that role. And it was down to me and a guy named Trevor who was like severely autistic. And somehow I got the part guys. So thank you guys so much. There You go. A minute from Jack Shaw. Let's jump right into it. Jack, you were able to get an acting manager? Yeah. Wow. How were you able to do that? Through my comedy manager. And what's your comedy manager's name? Matt Sian. Sian. That's made up. I got a nice Sian. That's not a real name.


Sian? Yeah. Is that Armenian? I think he's Iran. Iranian Uhoh. I'm guessing that's A problem for you. Yeah. Is he Jewish? Yeah. No, really? You have a non-Jewish, someone like you As a non-Jewish. And how about your acting manager? Is that Jewish? Yes. Okay. There you go. Right on schedule. Gotta control the game somehow. Interesting. You look like an anti-Semitic puppet dude. What's going on in your pocket? What's in there? Man, I'm playing with my penis, dude. I just, I gotta be comfortable somehow Sam Game respects game. Yeah.


Playing with your little DRA down there. Absolutely adorable. If You spin it, I'll come. Okay. Alright. So you're really an actor, Jack. I didn't know this about you. Yeah, I've always wanted to. I've always wanted to act. You've always wanted act. Have you ever done it before? Yeah, dude. What have you done that, That commercial I was talking about. It was a spectrum commercial. It was. You're On it. That is amazing. Absolutely incredible. And what'd you do on the commercial? I, I had, I had a line. A I I, Jesus Fucking Christ. You people.


Alright, You invited me here. I know, I know, I know. You Asked me to come on the show. I know. So you can go, I know we do that. Sometimes we invite you people on trains and such. You might know We take a free ride, dude. I know. So what'd you do on the commercial? I, I said, is that a metaphor? That's it. That's it. We should have said we're on the spectrum. Okay. All right. Shouldn't have said that. Maybe not. Alright. Well I did that joke about 30 seconds Ago. Yeah, well, They loved it. You were right there. Yep. You gotta get your hand off your little fucking hidden cock. How about, how about other acting things?


What else have you done acting wise, Jack? I did a, I was on a, I played a lawyer of course. Oh wow. On a Hulu. I did a Hulu show. Oh, that's coming out. Oh, that's pretty cool. I Guess. What do you do in that? What's your big scene in that? I, I say well, I, I'm defending an orphan. Ah, That, That, guess what? That offering's going to jail And we lost the case. Ah. Totally blew it for that. Wow. In a dream world, what kind of acting gig would you like to have? Oh, I would, I really wanna be in Star Wars.


Really? What kind of character do you think you could play in Star Wars? I would like to be some sort of a Jewish Jedi. Wow, That's redundant, man. Wow. You'll get killed faster than the black guy. I Am an ally dude. There's no allies in space. Alright. A Jewish war Jedi. I can't, I can't really picture you doing that. Yoda. This is, this is not the price you're looking for. Yeah. Two for one. You will sell me this at 20% discount.


We'll be taking all of this land. Yeah. Mr. Vader, it appears as though you're having trouble breathing. Would you like some of my allergy medicine? Oh, the death are so hot. Wow. Star Wars with you. Juju Banks over here Or charge Jar Banks also works. Yeah. You mean you mean Star Wars or Space Balls? Three. So Jack, what else is going on in life before we get you outta here?


Yeah man. I, I, Oh, I prepared a speech. Was that a list of people to kill? Yeah. The hostages in your Palestine must be released immediately. The fuck do you have written down there? It's been long enough. What type of people holds on the hostages when they store? I didn't do it. It wasn't me Who occupied it? Okay. Alright. Alright, Alright. The show has begun. Jack, thank you so much. Thank you guys. It has started with the stylings of Jack Shaw, Ladies and gentlemen.


And now we move on to the bucket. Funny material, funny material. Star Wars. We're talking Star Wars. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen, nothing better to just scrub the memory of Jack Shady or mine than the lovely Heidi. Everybody just the opposite of Jack Shaw. A strong Germanic woman. Alright, well this name sounds like it could be one of Jack's agents or managers. Make some noise for the KILL TONY. Debut of JJ Lieberman. Everybody. JJ Lieberman. There we go. Hey. Hey. I, I saw someone so good looking.


It made me resent my parents. You'll get that if you're ugly, you see someone hot and then you think about your parents, you're like, you idiots had to fuck each other. They made a lateral move. And I'm like, well, here I am. I'm the one who has to suffer. I got my father's big nose. I got my father's big nose and I got my mother's fat upper pussy area. I hide the fpa. Well ladies. So I do a lot of gay shit. And I don't mean gay. Like when a man says he doesn't eat meat that's gay as fuck. I mean, I suck dick and I just want clear it up. I don't want you thinking I'm a vegan And that throws people off when I say that.


'cause I've got this energy of a high school football coach with multiple DUIs and people are like you, you're into guys. Oh my God, I machine gun through twink asshole. No, no twinks in here. But I do it all. I'm not gay. Like I hook up with dudes. I hook up with chicks. I've hooked up with a trans person, which makes the most sense. If you're gonna do dudes and chicks, why choose between steak and lobster when you're getting surf and turf at the same price? Alright. JJ Lieberman a lot of information in a little of a minute. Absolutely incredible. Welcome. Jj, this is your first time on the show, correct?


Yeah, first time. Absolutely. How old are you? I'm 44. How long you been doing standup? This Is gonna be my 13th year. 13th year. Where you been doing it at the Whole time for the first 10 Toronto. And then I moved to New York for a couple years during COVI and then I just moved here. You originally from Toronto? Yeah, originally Canadian. So you're a Canadian? Yeah, Canadian. Jew. Canadian and gay. The three strikes. Wow. Absolutely. That's not Gayish. Gayish. Canadian Jew moved to America right when healthcare got free. That is crazy. That's against your own grain there. Okay, so let's talk, what is, what's Your fir last name?


Lieberman? The, The, the first guy looked way more Lieberman than You. Yeah. It is amazing. You came out talking about how Jewy you look and we just had fucking the Jewish prince up here. Well, I look, I look like the meme if I like, Oh my God. You do? Oh God. You said I didn't. That's the most self deprecating, racist thing I've ever seen in my life. That is incredible. That you really do Look at They're so excited. I love that. I like you jj. I like that. The fact that you would lean into something that racist on yourself is incredible.


Well, I I like beards, but dude, if I got the beard, it's over. Over. People go. It's him. Absolutely. So does the JJ san for Juju. Yes. It is incredible. Yeah. What do you do? How do you make money? Kind of this Kind of this Yeah, kinda. What else? So like for the fir like I was literally going day to day in New York. I would bark for shows. I would hand out flyers for 10 bucks an hour for comedy clubs. And I was like just getting by. And then about a few months ago, a couple videos went viral. And then I'm like selling sex machines on my Instagram.


So wait, You're That guy. I'm that guy. Hold on, hold on. I'm outta the loose. You're so horny online. Yeah. You're so horny offline. Come on. What the hell is going on? Find this video. He's the guy. How the fuck do you know about this? He makes these hilarious videos where he has like a fucking ditch sucking machine. And then he'll be at like T security. Hold on. Slow. Slow it down everybody. No, no. There's no pump The brakes pump the brakes. A ditch shoving machine. Oh, sucking. It's a, it's a shocking. That's a whole different fetish. I like to call. He loves to come. How do you love Rick? Loves I love to Come. It's a, it's a meat milker.


No. Yes, yes, yes. Your meat's getting milked. It's amazing. It's Amazing. I Won't even plug the company, but it honestly, it's a thousand dollars version of the flashlight. First time I used it, it drained me dry. That dude, I brought it through TSA and the chick went, it was like a black chick. She goes, oh hell no. What? This, Okay. I was like, She says it. She literal goes, she Oh hell no. I said, it's a meat milker. Yeah. You Say it's for getting my dicks Slapped. I'm my dick trained.


She said, put it away. Of course she did. Her brain worked. That Was that, Is that the one? No, that was in driverless. How, how do we find this fucking Why don't you, why don't you have a pinned What's that? Why don't you have the hit video that made you famous pinned at the top of your Instagram? Well, because I I, there's, it's not, it wasn't that one. It was, there's another one where I, the original one, I was at the gym and I saw some chicks box sweaty. So I was like, so I'm like walking down the street and I literally go, I'm not a pervert, but, And that went mega viral. People were like, you are fucking pervert. I'm like, I'm not, she had a wet box and I saw her.


You're not even into that. No. That's, that's I like pussy. Oh, you do? I don't, I don't get it. I'm so confused. He's fucking a vacuum. Yeah, I think Yeah. What? Yeah. What the fuck? Like if I'm gonna Yeah, right. I've not met a celebrity on this show. This is, this is crazy. You like what? You like red band? You'd love his stuff. He can't, he can't find it. I know. Yeah. You didn't have that shit pin, man. It's, it's, it was, it was after. It's sometime in December, but I post every day. I'm I'm Ill. Yeah. No, we could tell I'm Ill.


We could tell they Didn't like the gay shit at first. Well, they didn't like it ever here At, At first it always hurts a little bit. And then you get used to it. Well, When I, well this, this little piglet was laughing when I said, when I said I was into everything, Sir, someone's going to kill you if you keep calling Texans in the front row piglets. That dude ain't killing nobody. Look at him. Look at him. You spent just enough time in Canada. Forget the, to forget that guns exist. Huh? Incredible. That little guy couldn't hurt anybody. I love it. Jj, what do you do for fun when you're not making content or doing standup?


I know what he does. Oh, wow. Okay. Sam, To be, to be honest with you, like, it goes like really deep. Like I have a huge Enough about your asshole already. What else Don't I, I I don't get fucked. I I'm a man, but, Okay. What else? Other than standup and content. So this is the woman thing. Like I love, I have a huge lactation fetish. I Really Is this true? Swear to God, man. You're into women lactating. Fuck. Yeah, but you also, so you, you ho I'm so confused. You're gay. No. Didn't you say that you're gay?


I've done gay shit. We're so confused. Red band confirmed that you're gay. You said that you're gay. I mean, I mean, if you shave your beard, I mean, we'll figure It out. Jj, stop me a fucking creep and answer the questions. God, these gaze are so fucking horny. They will literally stop down in the middle of a show. Like, are you trying to fuck right now? Jesus, jj it's very simple. What do you do for fun other than content or comedy? I, I do, I do have, I like poker. I played poker During, you don't even know her. I played in the main, the World Series of poker main event, like I thought.


Really? Yeah. I, during C-O-V-I-D-I, so we were locked down in Canada and I had nothing to do. So basically I studied poker poker every day. And I like would run it through like the AI simulation, the Sims. And I just started making money playing cards and I love playing poker. And I moved to Vegas for a few months before New York kind of opened up. And I was playing poker every day in the casinos, making money played in the main event. Let's go back to Lactating tits for a second. So When did you figure out that you're into this? How does this Happen? I'm guessing very early. Yeah, I bet it was so early. You have no memory of it, but you do have memories of it.


Ow we should work together. Do the phase. Yeah. Have you ever been with a woman while she's lactating? Yeah. So when I started really fucking Chicks in 2009 and I started with titty Fucking I love, I love So you were fucking almost entirely just dudes until 2009 Destroying them. Yes. Wow. Absolutely incredible. He said that with such conviction I could smell, I could smell shit in the air. Absolutely incredible. For what it's worth, I thought you were giving me an AlleyOOP. Okay, this is, This is, this is fun watching the gay Sebastian Manca and they say never meet your heroes.


So how do you go from strictly dudes straight to fucking a pair of tits? Man, that is Because that's just, just straight as it gets. I, I honestly, I kind of think like when you put two tits to together and oil 'em up, it looks like a hot Brazilian dude's ash. Wow. Okay. You again, I was just reminded you're gay as fuck. Nobody pictures that when they're fucking tits. That's incredibly gay. That is so gay. To be with a woman, just to be like, all right, how do I make a dude's ass out of this? What parts do I have to smush together? Venmo. Hey, can you make your armpit make a fart noise? Then I'll fuck it.


Because that's kind of like a dude's ass a little bit. You Really gaming the system. Yeah. No, I honestly, now I prefer chicks. Oh, there goes D Madness. He's plugged in by the way. There you go. We got it. We got it. We got you. D D Madness always has to pee when someone gets a little too gay on this show. There he goes. Go on b fucking go pee. A weirdo, homophobic, musical genius Ladies and gentlemen. But yeah, I do, I do prefer women. Okay. You ever get, you ever get gay bashed in Canada? Canadians seem like such nice people. No, never. Nothing ever happened, right? No. Nothing at all.


No. They accept everybody up There. Yeah. Did You ever get Jew bashed? No. Never. Even your time here in America? Not at all. Isn't It like on online in the videos people go like, you're diabolical Jew. And I'm like, no. Yeah, I guess I I I can see it. I can see it. Do you ever take the milk lactations and try to sell it as milk On the milk market? I'm trying to buy it, dude. Wow. Hear that ladies. Shit. What would you do if I told you that we have an unlimited amount of breast milk in the back And that?


Well, like how much of it do you think you could drink in one sitting? Well, I don't, I so, like, I've had actually had people offer me bottles, but I honestly only want to drink from the tap. So You're a connoisseur? Yes sir. Yes. Red band. You do, you do sell Head shots though, still right? Head shots. What? You told me the other night dick pics. You sell dick Pics. I Told you in confidentiality, dude. What the fuck is going on right now? Where did you meet this guy the other night? It's at sunset. He did a spot at Sunset the other Day And you guys caught up a little bit, huh?


Yeah. Wow. You have the best of both worlds here. 'cause he's a dude that has milky tits. So this is your one stop shop right here. He can also book you for comedy. He, I would love to have you on the Secret show Thursday. Oh my God. Oh my God. What a twist. What a twist. This is like KILL TONY. Directed by M Knight, Shalon Red band in the end is the gay one. Unbelievable. Absolutely incredible. Jj, I like your style. Where can people find your content and whatnot? JJ Lieberman Live on Instagram and that's basically it. I Love that you've been doing it 13 years.


You deserve it. Thanks for signing up. Fun interview fun times. Way to get it. JJ Lieberman has arrived to the KILL TONY Universe. Hello.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter. Look, we all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, if you could meet several interested, qualified candidates all at once at a designated time, well you would. Good news, you can it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL TONY Redband. Tony, I love ZipRecruiter. It's the best hiring site out there, no question. Zip Intro gives you the power to quickly access excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you could choose who you want to talk to. Meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. So easy indeed. So enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site ranked by G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash koni. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash koni. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Shopify. When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof like aloe or Allbirds or skims, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and a brilliant marketing scheme. But an often overlooked secret is actually the businesses behind the business making, selling and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses. That business is Shopify red band Tony. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet And the not so secret secret with shop pay, the boost conversions up to 50%, meaning way less cards going abandoned and way more sales going. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between. Because businesses that sell more, sell on Shopify. Upgrade your business at the same checkout skims use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash KILL.


TONY, we know this young man, he's lived in Austin for a while. Make some noise for a new minute from Philip Garcia. Everybody. Here comes Philip Garcia. Thank y'all. I've been crushing up plan B and putting it in my girlfriend's eggs every morning. Yeah, she, she's Latina, so it's, it's, it's, it's a, it's a must. She's Catholic, so I have to sneak it in somehow. Yeah, if you really wanna think about it. It's like an abortion inside of an abortion, which is even crazier. Yeah. Thank you.


Also, it's like a $72 egg at this point. You know what I'm saying? We're in love though. We're shitting with the door open, which is great. I know. Yeah, it's good. That's a good place to be. The other day she got really scared though. I think she paid attention for the first time she walked by and she went, oh, when guys, shit, their dicking balls go inside the toilet bowl with it. And I was like, yeah, that's crazy. You put your mouth on that thing. She was like, it's in the water and everything. And I was like, sadly, we don't have that problem. Thank you for going that out there. All right guys, thank you so much. I'm Philip Garcia. Thank you Philip Garcia. I am a little confused. Why would she say that the Dicken balls go in the water?


What if, if I was in, if I was like blessed enough, they would probably get little Gotcha. Yeah. Stained. Gotcha. Had that. Ian, I think you can explain the punchline. Shut the Fuck up. Well, Tony, when you sit down on the toilet. Well, I, I understand the concept, but I don't understand why she would think that. Because I also don't understand why you think you're fertile. Yeah. You're wasting plan B, bro. Yeah, Fair enough. You're right. Why would it, why Would it? It doesn't matter. Yeah. It's How's life going, Philip? Let's talk about it. What's going on with you? It's Going really well, actually. You work at Sunset Strip Comedy Club? I do, yep. Work over Runs another employee of Red band.


Look at this. They're, they all slowly Make it loud for Sunset, Get shaped more and more like you the longer they work there. Are You sending him dick pics too? No. No. No. What's been going on, Philip? You've been on the show multiple times. Yeah, it's good to be back. I, since then I've started like, not to plug my own ship, but here I go. I've been doing the Man on the street interviews on sixth Street. So I've been capturing that madness and, and then recently I had some really big success with a clip that blew up. It had over like a hundred million views. Wow. What was the clip of Buffet Girl? Maybe y all know Buffet girl. See, good. Thank God the world's a good place that y'all don't know. Viral clip. When I say, is this another dick sucking machine? Yeah, now she is. She's an OnlyFans girl.


So that that's, yeah. I'm basically just out there creating porn stars outta thin air on sixth Street, giving them a spotlight. What are you doing? Molesting young women? No, not there yet. Maybe in a couple years when it's more successful, I guess then I can go down that terrible road. Right. Oh, you rascal. No, I would never do. That's Can we, can we scratch that? How long have you been with, how long have you been with your Latina girlfriend Phil? We're going on three years now. Yeah. Okay. Trace, what does she do for work? She el musician. She's a musician. Yeah, she is. What type of music does she play? She does like, kind of like Austin Rock, you know that Southern, whatever it is.


That's cult. She's a singer. Yes, she is. You go see her often, you support her? Yeah. Yeah. Check Her out. She's Ally xx. She, and you said she's Latina. Does she sing Latina? No, but right now she is like, she has to work on an undercover project where she can't have her identity tied to it because of her label. So she has to wear like a, she's gonna wear like a Mexican Yeah. Ludo mask. Wow. That's kind of cool. Yeah. So she Doesn't sing Latina. Does she sing in Spanish? No. No. Not at all. She speaks Spanish. She's completely wasting it, I think. Yeah, she'll figure it out. I believe in her. Either that or I'll have to close the door when I poop from here on. I'll Do The plan B thing. Is that because you're coming inside of her? Philip are you, are you, no. You don't do that? No. But you're so afraid of getting, I'm washing my sheets like three times a day basically.


Yeah. You think you can get pregnant from coming on sheets? Hopefully Not. Is It, is it soda? Is is this told that her man on the side doesn't get her pregnant? Yeah, she's got a man on the street. She's surely got another guy too. I, I mean, I guess that's good insurance. That saves me on the paternity test then I guess. Right. When, when I say something that makes sense. It does not fucking funny at all. Philip. What, what else is going on? Not much. I'm been golfing a shit ton. Way too much. Okay. Handicaps is the exact same. This is a really boring golf conversation. Got in a real bad car accident. Got an OW Here you go. I got an OWI on a road gate. Okay, What do, what happened there?


Couple. It was actually with a couple of door guys from the mothership the day before this place opened and we, one of them wanted Taco Bell so bad he rushed our leaving from the bar. I Bet I can guess who it was. Oh Yeah, yeah. You can take a look at 'em. There's some Fat guys. Yeah. Yeah. This motherfucker, the red and blue lights came on on the way like when we were getting pulled over and he goes, so I guess this means we're not getting Taco Bell then, huh? Damn. And you were crying? Yeah. Yeah. Just the biggest guy in Wisconsin jail too. 'cause they all have like fetal alcohol syndrome or whatever up there. That's where you were? Yeah, I was like in cowboy boots and a dim jacket and they were calling me Cowboy. Honestly, you gotta be fucking wasted to get a DUI in Wisconsin.


No, That's the cra your first, your first DUI in Wisconsin is on the state. It's not a, it's not a criminal charge, it's a civil charge because they want you to drink that fucking much. Wow. I got really, really lucky. I got A-A-D-U-I in a state, a one of two states where you can kind of walk away with it with a, with a decent attorney. Well, That's a feather in your cap. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, Philip. Well thanks for coming by. Thanks For having me. Thanks Philip. I'd love to have you On the Secret show Thursday. I'd love to do it. I'll see you there. You already Have one of these, right? There you go. Okay. Ah. All right. We're gonna keep it moving. D Madness is back.


Everybody. Wow. Only guy that leaves eight minutes into the show really get a lot of bang for my buck with D Madness here. Literally has been gone for half the show. For those of you keeping track, all it takes is one homophobic opener. Can we get d Madness's bass guitar on him? All right. How about a hand for the amazing squad we have here? Some of the best producers, security people, camera people. Your next bucket poll goes by the name of Annie.


Everybody. Annie Tyer. Yeah, we can see. I'm not sure about having kids. My best friend just had a baby, a little girl. And she told me she feels like her reason to live is to be a mom. But if your reason to live is to be a mom and your daughter's reason to live is to be a mom and her daughter's reason to live is to be a mom. That's called a pyramid scheme. And I'm not picking up on any drumbeat out there to make any more of me.


I can, I can't come close to doing my own taxes. TurboTax asks me the same questions every year and I still have to call my dad like, Hey dad, do I pay railroad union dues? No. No. Okay. Am I American? Samoan. Hello, Annie Tyer. Am I saying that right? Ty shirt. Okay. Welcome. Grab that microphone. We're gonna talk to you for a second here. Annie. Welcome. Welcome. How long you been with Standup?


About six weeks. Wow. Six weeks. What made you wanna start six weeks ago? You know, I, I've always wanted to do it and I, you know, I already live here and it's a great place to see if maybe I can handle it. Well here you are. You're in the eye of the storm right now. Annie, Can I say something complimentary? Sure. Your second joke is way ahead of the curve for six weeks. The American Samoan thing. That's a great joke. Thank you. Yeah, I think if you took a breath right now, exhaled. You did great. Be here now with us. Thank you. So Annie, here we are.


Alright. Okay. That was weird, guys. I know. That was, I was nice to a woman and they liked it. That's crazy. Alright, so here we go. You said you already lived in Austin. What, what do you do in Austin? I'm a golf professional. A law professional. Golf. Golf professional. Holy shit. You've been playing your whole life. I take it Since high school, Right? Yeah. And so that's what you do for a living? Yes. At a particular club or something Like that? I met Spanish Oaks out in Be Cave. That's Amazing. That's a great, great place. Yeah. That's exciting. How long have you been doing that?


I've been a golf pro for about 10 years. Wow. Incredible. Is that bk? B Cave. Oh, it's a suburb. I thought it was Burger King. I don't, I don't golf. That's a, I was like, maybe I'll play golf if its a fucking Burger King course. Red band. Did you have similar thoughts? Absolutely. I love it. What's the craziest thing that's ever happened to you being a golf pro out there with all the boys on a golf course? People are drinking, they're smoking, they're having a good old time. What have you seen?


Well, when it's a private membership, people know that they're gonna see you again. So behavior is kind of, I've worked at public courses and when, when people know they're not gonna see you again, things are look a little different, but she Smile. Has anyone ever put you in a golf bag and wheeled you around? Yes. Yeah. You're a little thing. Yeah. That's fun. See, they're Very fun. Yeah. We need to Know about these hijinks. Annie, what's the craziest thing you've seen out on a golf course? Yes. Yes. Have you ever taken a bath and a ball washer? Alright.


I'm not that Small. Let's chicken with Annie on this one. Annie, what's the craziest thing you've ever seen on a golf course? Seen I, well, personally, I've seen this very up close. I teach, you know, I teach five year olds. I get, I get hit in the face a lot. Okay. So that, like, that's, I mean, that's very, that's very much up close. I'm seeing it. You mean hit like by their hands or the club? The club. The Club. It's right. I thought it was by their dad's when they're like, his stroke is still bad. What are we fucking paying for? Having to fix his handicap. I'm gonna give you one toots. Toots. That's what I assume.


I don't know. I don't golf. I love it. Annie, when you're not working, what else are you into? What have you been doing your whole life? What am I doing my whole life? For fun. For fun. Well, I try to avoid golf being my answer, but it is up there. Right? I golf, but how About like, when you wanna get wild? Not daytime. Let's say the sun went down, The sun's down. Okay. Tony, she's so white. I don't know. She, She came out looking white. Then she said, I teach golf. Yeah. What's the wildest thing you ever done playing golf. Golf. Yeah.


If you guys wondered what it was like at the presidential inauguration, every woman was exactly like this. This is what they look like. This Is the new administration of the government. Every Trump, every person. She Even answers the questions like she's in fear for her life. Just regular questions. No, I don't have anything to hide. What do I do when I wanna have fun? You wanna get wild? When I get wild, like night the sun's down. Golf things are no longer an option. Okay. When you crack that bottle of Merlott and go nuts. Yeah. Is that what you do? Do you ever do that? Something like that? I I go out.


I go out sometimes. Woody. Oh my goodness. Here we go. We're getting closer, Ladies and gentlemen. Getting closer. When you go out, what exactly do you do sometimes? Well, I'm, I'm from Indiana, so I will, if I can, I'll play cornhole. Oh my goodness. It's getting whiter somehow. Ladies and gentlemen. It's getting Don't ask JJ Lieberman To play. It's so white that it's getting translucent in here. You can almost see entirely through it. I'm Sorry. I take it Annie. Annie, you ever crushed up a Tylenol or not take it?


I'm, I didn't mean to keep doubling down on the, the white. You're Doing good, you're doing perfect. Just answer the questions. Honestly, it's not up to you. Let me ask you this though, because I'm excited about this one. Here we go. Why don't you tell me the blackest thing about you? Oh, yes. I am the best host in all of comedy. The crown weighs heavy sometimes, but god damn it, I crack my neck and I go out and I start another day. Tony. Tony, that's a great question, but the answer's gonna be so white. Well, I mean, No, no, no, no. I have a, no, I have a good one. Oh my goodness. Ladies and gentlemen, she has a good one.


Can I get a spotlight here? We are live in Austin, Texas with the whitest white woman we've ever met. And this is the blackest thing about her. I shop at Ross Bacon Soda. I don't know why I have tape on me. I just grabbed something to make myself comfortable because that is somehow the most racist thing I've ever heard in my entire life.


It is incredible. The black guy is the only person not smiling right now. Absolutely incredible. Let me ask you this, do you actually purchase the things or do you walk out without paying for them? You know what? I look for the sensor. Wow. Look at this Ladies and gentlemen. She does it like a white woman. I do. No, I I I wanted to keep going down that I, I I purchase it. Okay. The fact that you said purchase instead of buy is incredible.


This is amazing. This literally, I mean, it is Incredible. She doesn't even buy shit on sale because it feels like a steal. She, she's like, what's the original price on this? And I'd like to write a check. And yes, I do have two forms of identification And yes, I would like to donate an extra $2 to the charity that Do you guys validate? You know what? I won't even need a bag. I don't wanna waste the plastic. Thank you. Absolutely incredible. I have another question. While we're having so much fun, I'm just curious, what do you think, Annie?


Annie, what do you think the most Latino thing about you is? You can't say those earrings And you can't say that you shop at Ross. Here we go, Ladies and gentlemen, one more spotlight. This is the most Latino thing about Annie Teisha. I draw my eyebrows on Four tape, two tape. Two tape Annie, two taped Isha.


We are here live with two tape Isha. I thought the tape color corresponded to the question. It's just, that is a very Latino thing. Our entire Latino wing of the show is in approval of it. They all know the ladies. They shape their eyebrows and then they draw them on in the Latino culture. That's a thing we don't know. Why? Do any of you guys know why? Have you ever asked one of your 14 sisters, Michael? Why? Why do they do that? I mean, they have hair, they have natural hair. They could normally, they're very good at landscaping. You would think that they would trim around it.


You don't have an answer. Nobody knows. It's absolutely incredible. Is there a Latino woman out there that has an answer? Perhaps no one knows. It's one of the great mysteries of the world. Truly nobody knows. I'd be interested to know if we ever find out, if anybody wants to send me a handwritten letter, I'd love to know. Do you, do you have like any eyebrows or were they frozen off? Yes, sir. Elsa. Okay. There you go. This is absolutely incredible. Amazing. Annie. Such a fun interview. Yeah. And for six weeks in very, very, very promising distinct punchlines.


Thank you. Congratulations Annie. You're leaving here with a big joke book. Six weeks into the game. There you go. Absolutely. She walks over and grabs it like a, the whitest person ever. Oh, I am. I'd rather not catch it. Tony. I am. MM four. I'd like to have the book handed to me in the most professional way.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving, cleaning and even exercising. But what if you could be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


This podcast is brought to you by Aura. Imagine waking up to find your bank account. Drained bills for loans. You never took out a warrant for your arrest. All because someone committed a crime in your name. It sounds like a nightmare, but for millions of people each year, it's reality. And here's the scariest part. By the time companies tell you your data was stolen, it's already been nearly a year. 277 days. That's how long on average hackers have to use your social security number, open accounts, take out loans, and destroy your credit before you even know you've been exposed. By the time you get that breach notification email, the damage is done, your identity stolen, your financial future at risk. And the company that lost your data, they'll just apologize and move on. Hackers aren't waiting. Why are you, this can all sound really scary, which is why I'm so glad we're partnering with Aura Hackers. Don't wait. So why should you Aura monitors the Dark Web twenty four seven for your phone number, email and social security number? Because the moment they show up for sale, criminals are ready to use them. If Aura detects your info, you'll get an instant alert so you can act before the damage is done. What if your identity is already stolen? Criminals can take out loans, max out credit cards and banish. That's why Aura provides up to $5 million in identity theft insurance and a US-based fraud resolution team that works around the clock to shut down fraud fast and get your life back on track. Your personal data is a goldmine for hackers and Aura helps lock it down with A VPN for private browsing. Data Broker opt out to stop companies from selling your info and a password manager to help secure your accounts. Aura gives you the tools to fight back for a limited time. Aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial plus a check of your data to see if your personal information has been leaked online. All for free when you visit aura.com/defense. That's aura.com/defense to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a u ra.com/defense. Certain terms apply, so be sure to check the site for details.


Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know if you guys have any fucking Japanese power behind you, the band tonight. Last week we were graced with the presence of a brand new Golden Ticket winner that, I mean, I don't wanna fucking show all my cards too fast, but I really think this, his first time cashing in on the Golden Ticket, his second appearance ever on the show. I really think that this guy might be a force of nature. I'd like to introduce you to the comedy stylings of the newest Golden Ticket winner. This is a new minute from Kda.


Thank you. Thank you guys. I just went back to Japan to see my family and on a Japanese airport I saw a huge sign that says Do not export Wagyu beef seamen without permission. And immediately I was like, damn, I wish my semen is important enough to get permitted. You know, like, I wish everybody desire my semen. You know, like I wish, I wish someone suck me off and, and keep my seamen inside their mouth and try to across a border and, and get shot at and and die.


And, and this person's whole family is devastated just because of my sermon. Thank you very much. Welcome sir. Hi, Tony Kci. Welcome. Welcome. Last week we learned about you that you are Japanese. Yes. You live in Canada. Yes. And you almost entirely with all of your spare time, eat ramen and have sex with your girlfriend. Yes. Just wanted to catch up the room with what we learned just last week. There's no way you were all here.


So I wanted you to know. Well, I think I know some other stuff he might do. Yeah, yeah. Be an extra on Boy meets world. Boy Meets a World World. Thank you. Say say Hey Corey. You need to be cool. Hey Corey, you need to be cool. Wow. Wow. Wow. Incredible. Thank absolutely amazing Kci. Yasuda has returned. So kci, how's this last week been for you? Last week been amazing. This is, I did Vulcan.


Oh, BCAN Vulcan. And That is Secret show. Ooh. Yeah. Secret Show. Red band. Yeah. Secret. I feel like somehow you're doing a racist impression. That's what I love about him. Little, little bit. Little bit. It's like, it's like Bruce Lee's son is doing comedy. Bruce Lee tart. Oh, you sound cool as fuck though. Yeah, definitely. You look cool too. Thank You. Yeah.


Kci What does KCI mean in Japanese? Sick tree. A sick tree. Sick Tree. Like an unhealthy tree. Oh, like a sick, like a sam. Like a, oh, Big, big big fat Tree. Big big fat tree. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. No. Like a no but like a strong, like you. Okay. Nice recovery. Yeah, that's okay. The godzillas have been mean to your people. So let me apologize on behalf of my people. Goman Nsai. You say sorry. EO Kasai Yasuda.


Have you talked to your girlfriend who you left up in Toronto, who you're deeply in love with since winning the golden ticket and caught her up about this amazing week that you've had in Austin, Texas? I haven't. I talked to, but I, but she, she was like busy working in a ram and she was b She was Busy. Yeah. So I talked to my parents. What did your parents say? My dad was happy but a little bit sad. Yeah, Because why, why do, yeah, why do you think he was sad? Because I, we made a promise to each other that if I don't do, If you don't make it in comedy, that you have to get a real college degree and a job.


Yes. Yes. That is, if you don't do that, you have to do ku, right? Yeah. Yeah. Just ownable. That is as Japanese as it gets. So you told your dad that basically you made it, that you got recognized on the biggest show in all of comedy? Yeah. And he was sad about it Because we made a promise that I wasn't gonna take over his nail salon. Oh Wow. Wow. Even more Japanese than any of us could have expected. Your dad owns a body waxing salon Nail nail salon? No. Nail salon. Oh, I thought you said na salon. Yeah. No nail salon.


That makes a lot more sense. Yes. Thank You. And the nail salon that's in Japan? Yeah, it's in Tokyo, Japan. Ah, Shina gwa. Is it very profitable? Did You just, you just gave it a shout out? Yeah. Say it again. What is it? Shina Gowa. Oh. If you want Your never done properly go to Tokyo. Pretty fracture. Yeah. Your dad's shop is gonna be packed tomorrow and he's gonna be like, Cons. I am so proud of you. So many narrower.


What, what made your dad open a nail salon? My dad, he liked nail. So he's a pervert, like a fetish? Well he is Japanese. He's, yeah. What does your mom do for a living? Kansai? My mom. Construction business? Yeah. Like she helps my dad, but now she quit 'cause she didn't like it. Eh, and then now she works at the supermarket.


Ah, yeah. What does she do at the supermarket? She, Yeah. What'd she do? Man? She, that's, She paint narrower. She, she controls the vegetable. Ooh, Wow. Control. When you Controls The vegetable. I When you say she controls the vegetable? Yeah. I don't know how Japanese supermarkets work. Can you, can you explain to us what you mean by control? The vegetable? A single vegetable she's in control of. Does she use her hands?


Yeah. Like a multiple vegetables. Oh, multiple vegetables. Yeah. And with the hand. And then, and she, I think just like move, move it around. Yeah. And just, and put into the right spot. Right, Right. Yeah. That's controlling vegetables. Yeah, That's Textbook vegetable control. Yeah. This girlfriend of yours that works at the ramen shop, I can't remember if I asked you. She's Asian as well? Yes. She's half Filipino, half Japanese, half Filipino, half Japanese. Does she do anything odd or you know, anything that stands out to you in which you're like, ah, that's Filipino.


That's not Japanese. Is there something that Filipinos do that Japanese people don't do that? You kind of notice and you're like, ooh. It's a long way to set that up, but it was worth it, bro. She, she doesn't let me eat her pussy. Oh my Goodness. This is unbelievable. Well, It must be hard to see it 'cause it's all blurred out. That's Japanese Sam.


I should have asked which half She controls her vegetables. Ah, Tony, if I may follow your line of inquest from earlier, would you mind telling us what you think the blackest thing about you is? Absolutely. Great question. And here we go With a single spotlight. I would like to present to you, this is with 10 seconds to think about it. The blackest thing about ksu up My eyeball. The cut of the eyeball is black.


Okay. Not, let's turn the lights back on. Hold on, Cy. Okay, one more time. One More time. It's not, it doesn't have to be like a physical thing on your body. Okay. Nobody was expecting you to go I'm i, Huge A car. Car, I mean like, like with things that you do or things that you like or hobbies that you have or things that you say, or things that you do or something that you've done. We're asking you about your, about your, your hobbies, anything, behaviors They use something you do behaviors throughout the day. What is the blackest thing about you? And this is the answer from kci. You Suda, I suck my pants.


You do sag your pants. It's another physical thing about you. We were going more for like a behavior or an action of some kind. Like what's the most jabber walkie thing about you? Jab. Here it is. The most Jabba walky thing about K. What's, what's Jabba walk jab. Come on man. Let's say don't, don't play that game with me. Okay. Jabba, he thinks it's a new slur. He is never heard. You haven't been here that much. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. So, kci? Yes. Have you asked your girlfriend why she won't let you eat? Her pussy, She says, she's like, she doesn't want me to watch it.


She doesn't want you to watch it. Yeah. To watch it. Like, look at it or watch it. Watch to look at it. Yeah. Why would she not want you to look at it? You felt it before. Do you think there's a reason why? Is it perhaps, you know, a little bit, is there a little bit of ramen hanging out of the bowl? You know what I mean? Is there a little, is there, is it a little That's possible. Oh, So there's a little something there. Huh? It it felt really good. It, I bet it, I bet it does feel really good. It feels Good. Yeah. And you want to eat it, don't you? I, Yeah. You really do, don't you? I, I can't. I can't wait anymore. I know, I know.


You must be starving kci. But Remember, if you really Like it, it's not impolite to slurp. Exactly. It is Probably hard to eat it with chopsticks. Yeah, absolutely Incredible. Sai Yasuda, I could talk to you absolutely forever. You are one of the easily the most amazing interviews in the history of the show with only two under your belt.


Incredible. Thank you very much. That is the second ever appearance by Kda. And back to the bucket we go. How about one more time, good and loud for Kda. All right. Back to the bucket. There's the lovely Heidi, everyone. Here she is. Alright. Make some noise. Fear. Next bucket. Poll everybody. He goes by the name of Jimmy Moynihan. Everyone. Jimmy Moynihan.


Thanks everybody. You guys seem very nice, which is good. I've been, I've been depressed lately, but I have a therapist now, which is good. 'cause I can't talk to my friends about depression. I can't, they're not helpful. The other day I was talking to my buddy, I'm like, I don't know man. I think if it wasn't for my parents, I'd probably kill myself. And he was like, eh. I think your parents would understand. I mean, they love you, but ultimately they want what's best for their son. I thought one married friend who has like a family, so he thinks his problems are worse than everyone else's. You know, we were out late and he says, I have to go home. I've been up since 8:00 AM I'm like, I had to wake up at 7:00 AM And he goes, yeah, but you don't have a wife and three kids at home.


I'm like, oh yeah, no, you're right. Every morning when I wake up tired and depressed, I think to myself, well at least I'm alone. Oh man. I had that nightmare again where I had a loving family. Hey, thank you very much. Okay. Jimmy Moynihan. Jimmy, have you been on this show before? I've never been on, no. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you. How long have you been doing standup? So, I've been doing standup six and a half years. Okay. Six and a half years. Where at? So I started, I started in upstate New York in Binghamton, and then I moved to Orlando and I did it in Orlando for about four days.


What Did you do after Willy Wonka gave you the Chocolate Factory? When did you change your name? From Charlie to Jimmy Moynihan. Exactly. It was fucking Weird that your grandparents all slept in that bed. We were very close. I love it, Jimmy. So six and a half years. Where was it at again, your standup? So, Binghamton, New York. And then I moved to Orlando, Florida. Did it for four years there. What made you move to Orlando for comedy? So I moved to Orlando for rehab and For rehab. Oh yeah. Great. I knew it. I knew it.


Yeah. Hell yeah. That's where you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, I went to, I went to rehab and then I ended up staying. So what'd you go to rehab for? I was Pain pills. It was like everything. It was a lot as I was addicted to X benzos For sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. Okay. So Yeah, I got clean and then my parents lived in Florida, so I stayed with my parents for a little bit three and a half years. And then, which were, How were you in Binghamton, New York if your parents were in Florida. Right. So They turned, he Was fucked up on Zans. Man, he has no idea. They Turned, they turned 65 and then they moved to Florida.


'cause that's a law. That makes sense. Got it. Okay. So when did you know you hit bottom and had to go to rehab? What was the low point in which you're like, Jesus fucking Christ. Okay. Okay. Right. Take Your time. Deep Cemi. So this seems, this seems bad, but looking back on, it's not. So I would go on a grinder. That's enough for me. Yep. Because Gate and I would look for guys that had Coach. When I say you hit bottom, I wasn't talking about the sexual position. You were on Grindr just to look for guys with Coke.


Yeah. Oh, You weren't gay at all? Maybe a little bit. Oh, Okay. He's kind of gay. So you're gay. Alright, good. But so one time, this guy, he came over and I couldn't, I would never get hard, but he would just suck my soft dick. Right. And that doesn't make You gay. Trust me. Not At all. Right. Yeah. If you don't, if you don't get hard, that's how you know you're straight. Exactly. Yeah. That's what I told myself. Completely straight. Should put a coke. Yeah. So yeah, we would do, we did coke. We became pretty good friends. But I told my, I'd be friends with that guy too, if he sucked my soft cock all the time.


Why? Why hang out with somebody that's gonna just want to yap your ear off. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. When you could sit there on your phone, get some work done while just fucking enjoying a soft cock blow job. There's nothing like it. Yeah. That's the life in Orlando, Florida. The sun's shining. You're just getting your fucking dick suck. Barely able to enjoy it. Yeah. In my parents' house too. Wow. On copious amounts of drugs. This Isn't going on anything here? No. No. That's just for here. Nobody ever hears. And this is a live show and then it disappears. We gotta get you a different wig next time. I didn't. I know. I need a haircut.


It's called depression. You guys like it. All right, Let's keep talking about the, How do you, is there a section on Grindr where the dude says, I like coke, or I got Coke. Like how do you, I think it's Implied on Grindr. Alright. I just roll the dice basically. And then they don't have coke. So where, where were we? Where were we going here? You knew you hit bottom when you were getting your dick sucked. It was soft. You're doing coke with a guy off grinder. You became best friends. Yeah. I guess that's not rock bottom. I got my dick sucked and free cold because it's not a terrible rock bottom.


But it was at that point in which you're like, I think I need to go to rehab. I need to go to rehab. Right. And Do you have any relapses since then? Yeah. I relapsed two weeks ago. Oh my goodness. Here in Austin, Texas. Right here in Austin, Texas. On dick. Or cocaine. On cocaine. Right. So how did that happen? How did, how exactly do you relapse? So my girlfriend broke up with me. Aw, shut up. Sorry. And I was already in like a bad place, like mentally. And then I was dog sitting Scooby-Doo.


So I Yeah, yeah, yeah. God damnit red band. I'm getting it From All Eagle. Oh my God. He does look like that. That's incredible. These Scooby snacks you were taking. All right. Red band, getting Involved. Eat two red band, eat. Is that your mystery machine? Double parked outside. Fuck. Maybe I could have got hard if it weren't for those meddling kids. So your girlfriend broke up with you? She Broke up with me. I was, I Velma.


Yeah. Yeah. So I was dog sitting at this guy's house. I was staying there for the week. I get there, there's a bunch of pi, there's like 65 Adderall, and then there's mushrooms underneath his bed. And then there's a bunch of weed. And I, I, she broke up with me and then I just went to, I just went to town on. Wow. Yeah. I haven't told him yet. Oh my goodness. Really? No, I didn't tell him. So did You, Let's start with the Adderall. What'd you Do there? So I crushed Adderall up and then I snorted it. Snorted it. And then I took two. So that way I have the slow release.


Fucking Hell. Hell. Jesus Christ. So let me ask you this, 'cause you seem like an energetic guy without Adderall. I know. It's a nightmare when I'm On drugs. So what did you do after taking all this Adderall? Okay. I really, this is a comedy show and this is gonna be, No, it's not, it's not a comedy show. We're gonna laugh. You say the truth and then we will make it funny. Jimmy, go ahead. Just say the truth. Okay. So I took six grams of mushrooms. Fuck. Fuck. So This is, you take the Adderall, you snort the Adderall, you take two Adderall, and then you add six grams of mushrooms. And then, and Then I ate six grams of mushroom.


All at like the same time. At the same time. Right after the breakup. Dokey. Yeah. So in between, here we go. Because I, I kind of, yeah, your bone structure, your eyes, I your smile. I gotta tell you I see a little me in you. The fact That Yeah, I would love That both on Grindr. I see. I can see a correlation and I don't, I don't ever do uppers of any kind. Ever. Oh, I be ever. They don't, I mean, I tried, tried it once as a, I can show the world Tony. Oh no, No, no, no, no. Maybe you can get Him hard. Yeah, I bet I can. I bet I can. Something If he's, if he's anything like me, he's into people that look like him.


So. Alright, so let's talk about it. Yeah. Adderall up your nose in your mouth. Mu six 15 grams of mushrooms. Yeah. Yeah. And they're, they're in capsules, so, right. So take us through it. Okay. So I take the mushrooms. Okay. Oh, I forgot. Okay. So I left this part out next to the bag of Adderall in the dresser. There's a gun. Oh, fuck yeah. Oh, we're partying now, baby. Let's fucking go. What? An episode so far. Let's talk about it.


So keep going. Jimmy, the floor is yours. All right. So I've had suicidal ideations before and so it's always been a gun. When I think about it, it's always been a gun. Sure. So I, This Is crazy that I'm telling you, You don't need to set it up Jimmy. Just go right into it. Okay. So I'm kind of like, I'm fucked up and I keep circling the dresser with the gun in it like a dog that's like waiting to be fed. Yeah. And A starving dog. Just like, yeah. Literally like thinking to itself. This guy's taking medicine. He's doing that. He's, he's been eating things the whole time.


I'm hungry. It's my impression of the dog fool while he's on mushrooms. Okay. So I'm circling and I'm, so I'm crying, I'm like sobbing. Right. And have the mushrooms kicked in yet? Oh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, this was like about an hour and a half, like into it. Oh shit. Okay. Circling it. And then I had texted my buddy Joe that I was like feeling like shit earlier. Sure. So eventually I, I pick up the gun and I take it outta the thing. Yep. And then I put it to my head. Oh My God. And I held it there for like probably 10, 15 minutes. Just holding Wow.


Sobbing. Yeah. You just sobbing. Yeah. And then my buddy Joe called me and like, this is a gun. I like picked it up and I said, Hey man, You were talking to the gun. What's going on? Yeah. I was talking to Joe. So I had a gun in one hand on my phone in the other. Wow. And I was sobbing on the phone with him. Yeah. And he's like, dude, where are you? Tell me where you are. And I'm like, I'm not telling you where I am. And then I told him I had a gun in my head. And then he is like, you have to tell me where you are. I'm like, I'm not gonna do that. And then he said something that, I forgot what he said, but it made me laugh. And I started laughing really hard.


And then I put the gun down and I went outside. You look so concerned. I went outside. So Sorry. Calm down. He's alive. I'm A Hey. Staring right at it. No spoiler. Gian. She's so sad. What the hell? Keep going Jimmy. Keep going with the story. Jimmy. Don't get sidetracked. Jimmy. So I Keep going Jimmy. Stick with me. Jimmy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I go outside still crying. The gun is on, on the dresser outside. I call my buddy Justin and I do the same shit. I just don't tell him where I am. Right. Eventually he's like, I, I'm gonna have to call the police and they'll track your call.


You can tell me where the fuck you are. So I did and he came over and I, and I tried and he hugged me and jerk each other off. And then, right. No, Again, don't try to make it funny. Jimmy. Keep going with the story. Jimmy. So basically he took me to his house and his wife, his girlfriend made me chicken noodle soup. Aw. And I cried more. And then two days later I got, I went to an AA meeting and Did You ever feed the dog? I did not. Oh my God. This fucking guy's gonna come home. His dog's dead. His drugs are all gone. Jimmy.


Hey, I didn't put my gun over here. Yeah. Never hire a dog. Sit off Grinder ever again. Jimmy, you're a funny guy. We could go on and on. This interview's gone a long time. Jimmy Moynihan has made his KILL. TONY Debut Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. It's that easy.


Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists, like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at Greenlight dot com slash Spotify.


Alright, your next bucket poll. Ladies and gentlemen, he's been on this show multiple times before. It's been a while. Make some noise for Mike Eaton. Everybody is the new minute from Mike Eaton. Where in the world is he? He's in the inside somewhere. We've been told, where is Mike Eaton? Is he coming? Is that him? He's a big boy. Here he comes all the way from the back. Here comes Mike Eaton. Everybody representing the inside even though he is a comedian. So this is interesting. You guys having a good time tonight. April 7th. Netflix premiere of KILL TONY.


Make sure to market in your phones or whatever. Here he ends. One more time for Mike Eaton. Everybody. Mike Eaton. Hello. My favorite human Trafficker favorite is probably Harriet Tubman. Right? I mean, everyone else did it for money. She did it for the love of the game. She's just like moving people. That's a bad bitch. She ran the Underground Railroad for 12 years and I used to ask people if they knew how many people she saved and I had to stop 'cause a guy in Kansas said Too many fuck the girl in San Francisco raised her hand to answer and she had armpit hair.


So I was like, gross. Put it down. You know? And then she's said 120,000. I was like, you might be worse than the racist guy 'cause you're retarded. Right? The actual answer is 70, which is good. Just feels a bit low, you know? Right. I thought she was a hero. It's not a railroad. That's a bus stop. Most of you are still convinced that is the bitch from the bus. It's a different one. That's it outta me. Mike Eaton. Welcome back. Mike. Hello. It's been a while. Hello? Hello. Yeah. It has Very funny man. Congratulations. Yeah, Man. I was just like sitting in the crowd watching and last night Jimmy and I rose battled and I was very mean to him.


And then I heard this terrible story. I was like, oh no. Yeah. I was so mean to the sweet boy. Well, he didn't do it. He's a pussy. Yeah. Yeah. Some. Mike, let's talk about it. What have you been up to since the last time you were on this show? Oh man. So you changed my life the last time I was on the show. Okay. How did I do that? I came on and I talked about ice cream and my Yeah. On par. And then the ice cream place gave me an ice cream sponsorship. You have an ice cream sponsorship? Yeah. Wow. That's what you needed, buddy. That's like giving that last guy a loaded gun.


But, but you did also say me last time we talked about I have sleep apnea, I have health insurance. Right. And then one of your fans sent me A-C-P-A-P machine. Oh my God. That now what goes better with an ice cream sponsorship than A-C-P-A-P machine. Isn't that insane? Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. So these are going, well put the ice cream down the C pap machine. It's the only way he'll use it. So JJ kept trying to fuck it. I don't know. Is the ice cream machine or is the ice cream sponsorship giving you money? Or just ice cream? Just Ice cream. Yeah. How much ice cream? How much ice cream are you going through now? It's been quite a bit. Yeah. Oh My god. It's been, it's been a couple years worth of ice cream.


Wow. Yeah. What ice cream place is this? They're called BeMe. BeMe? Yeah. Ula La. I know they found out about it and then they made a flavor and named it after me. Oh my God. What's what they call it Red face. Fuck. I'm kidding. I've known Mike forever. He is very funny. Oh, what is It's Mike Eat ice cream is what it's called. Eat good. Wow. And it's spelled like your last name with an O. Yeah. Okay. What have you been doing for fun? What else? Mike, tell us something crazy about your life. So recently I've been taking street ozempic.


Whoa. Street Ozempic. Yeah. So I don't have health insurance and so I like, I can't like go get ozempic and I wanted, I wanted to keep eating ice cream also. I was gonna die from fat. Yeah. And the guy that I buy my cocaine from Was Like, dude, I can get you ozempic from the dark web. And I was like, do it. Yeah. So I got a vial of it and then, yeah. 'cause it comes like a little glass jar. Okay. And then I bought the needles from Amazon, which feels dangerous that you could do that. Oh God. Yeah. Like next day Delivery needles. And then I had like a Indian guy on YouTube explaining how to use 'em.


So for like eight weeks I've just been stabbing myself in the fat. It doesn't appear to be working at all. No. So I know I look like shit still, but I'm down 50 pounds. Right? You are? Yeah. Are you still eating the ice cream? Not very often. Yeah. Right. I don't have any hungry anymore. I'm in like a post food world. Wow. Not, you're not overeating, you're overeating. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. That's why he's a front runner for guest of the year. 2025. Ladies and gentlemen. It is incredible. I, I got a fun story about Mike here. Let's do it. Fucking Mike a couple days ago gets in my dms. 'cause I'm also on weight loss medication. And I was talking on my podcast about how my burps are terrible.


Like, you get fucking terrible sulfurous burps, you know? Oh, Fuck it. It's very bad. Disgusting. It's bad. Oh god. Well it's either that or morbid obesity, you know? So, so he, this fucking jerk off hits me up and he is like, oh man, my fucking girlfriend was sucking my dick the other day. And she said, my load tasted like, what was it, quote? Toxic sludge. Oh god. Yeah. Yeah. If you thought the burps were bad, imagine the goo. Oh god. That is fucking the sky losing it. Unbelievable. She's not my girlfriend. Don't say that on, she'll hear this. You got some rando eating your goo. Yeah. Yeah. Poor lady in a parking lot.


She, she did throw up. It was pretty upsetting. She Threw up, But also pretty funny. How soon after taking the load in, was it like immediate the throw Up? Yes. We, we were in, we were in a parking lot. Wow. And so she did that And You're in the driver's seat of a Car. Yeah. Okay. And she leaned over and then I, you know, she bur and then, and You gave her the clown horn treatment. Oh, what kind of, what kind of car is it? Paint the picture for A Toyota Corolla. Oh. Fucking Disgusting. Oh god. Disgusting. Jesus Christ. The story gets grosser and grosser.


What year? What year? I like how he's turning In the mic. Oh, okay. It's not bad. Not bad. So she does that and then I assumed she was gonna swallow it. She's like a champion or whatever. And then she goes, and then out the passenger side just, and I started laughing pretty hard. Oh God. Yeah. Now has she sucked your dick? Pre street Ozempic? Is this the is Is no. Right. This was A first date. Not a, you know, dates in parking lots getting your, about her some p Terry. No, you're getting any redder, you're gonna explode. Yeah. It's, it's your problem. No, it just, it was the first time she had suck my dick. It was just Wow. How did You convince her to suck your dick?


I asked, She loves ice cream. I, I just asked, did you have stage dick? Like was it all sweaty and gross? No, it was, it was like two in the afternoon stage Dick red band. That's a thing for you. Get set a Couple nights. No, I, no, I, I had showered previous. I I knew it was coming, so I was like, you know, you prepared. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I know that all that, what I said was gross, but I'm pretty hygienic, you know. Yeah. Shower and stuff. But See, you really think that perhaps because this was her first time doing that. So she had no, there was no, She couldn't have known that it was gonna be that bad. But I also, like, I I didn't know my load hadn't been in anyone's house in a while. You haven't tasted it yet.


Yeah. Have you, have you perhaps taken a little I never have Since the street Ozempic. No, I, well, do you Know what, what we're gonna do, we're gonna have you blow a load into a shot glass. And we're going to have, let me see here. Let's have the angry girl with east side bangs. Do it. Jesus. Oh yeah. Nothing has made her smile today. It is absolutely incredible. Well, I could make you throw up. Alright, we gotta keep it moving along. Mike, you already have a big joke book here, right? I do. Mike Eaton, Ladies and gentlemen has done it again. Some fun interviews today.


It's that time that we get around to one of the legends of the show. Ladies and gentlemen, this regular is one of the greatest regulars of all time. One of the youngest comedians to ever be a regular on this show. And every week writes and performs a brand new minute. This is the anomaly. The one and only Cam Patterson, Ladies and gentlemen. Hell Yeah. Hell yeah. Street Olympic is just heroin. I want you to know that that's how that is. This is, I mean, the happy, happy St. Patrick's Day white people. Hell yeah. Yeah.


I fucking hate this holiday, nigga. It's terrible. It's the gayest holiday ever. It's an excuse white people to get drunk and then try to touch you. That's all it is. Oh, you don't have on green. I see. I'm gonna punch the fuck out you Tim. Back the fuck up, nigga. I hated it. So, and this I got the, the, the, the mascot is gay. The mascot is gay. Yeah. Leprechaun's a gay man. Leprechaun was the first gay nigga ever. That's what that is. If you fighting behind this rainbow, I got some gold for you. That's gay. It's gonna be a mist with his dick out when you get back there with no gold. He is it going to piss on you. That's all that's gonna happen.


It's a good old fashioned golden shower brother. Even like how you spell leprechaun is gay. For real. Watch it. Why? I'm gonna spell it. Watch this L-G-B-T-Q. That's gay nigga gay as hell. Y'all thought I was finna spell leprechaun? Huh? Fuck nigga. This is crazy. That's it. That's the time the St. Patty's Day special from Pam Patterson. Ladies and gentlemen. Ooh, glad to get outta that one dog. That was, Fuck yeah. Hell yeah. Man. I'm happy. Cam Patterson has done it again. Hell yeah. How's life going my friend? Life's Good. I just bought, I bought really good toilet paper the other day.


Ooh, Nice. For the first. And I'm excited about it. How do you know it was good? Toilet paper with That Sherman shit with the bear nigga. Oh shit. Hell yeah. Oh shit. We got the bear on it now nigga. We doing it. We doing this Shit mama. We made it. We doing it dog. We got the toilet paper with the bear on it. What were you using before? Shit, that good old fashioned. See I, we always get Airbnbs on the road and I just steal me and all my homies. We just steal the toilet paper from the Airbnbs. Wow. That's who he was doing. But now I got that Sherman dog. Wow. I think it's Sherman What's called, how you call it? Not Sherman Sherman Charman. I like Sherman better. That's a better name for It. You know what you can call it whatever you want. Old Fashioned Sherman. Oh hell yeah. Hell yeah.


I like it. Huh? Sherman? I cannot spell that. No. Hell fuck no. Hell dog. Are you a big fan of Nat Charin? Who that is? Okay, I forgot. You're a young phenom kid. Who is, who is Nat? Who is that charm? Who? That You know, I wish I was confident enough to tell you, but a famous, a famous black guy. Oh hell yeah. That's what's up. Hell, Let's go to our, let's go to our senior black guy correspondent IAN EDWARDS. Do you know who Nat Sherman is? Nat Sherman. I think he just made that shit up. Hate be a real person. Nat Sherman. Yeah. Well history is written by the victors. You know, so Sherman Helms.


Oh, I know it's written by the Victor. Yes. No, I know. Nat Sherman, I believe was a, was a revolutionary figure for black rights during the No na period. Nat Nat Sherman is the cigarette. It's a famous fancy cigarette. We have, We have a Nat Turner. Yeah, there we go. I know that person. But he never stole toilet paper. It's not stealing this ka borrowing. It's borrowing. It's ka borrowing Kabar. The Sherman. Hell don't Change. Even though you're buying Sherman now, still steal toilet paper. Oh yeah, for sure. You know what I'm saying? Do you take other things from the Airbnbs? No, only toilet paper. How About hotels? Do you do any weird things in hotels?


Ooh, Towels be took nigga. You take towels? Yeah. Well, Yeah. I take 'em and I wash 'em extra hard when I get home. Right. But I take towels for sure. I take towels. What else I, nevermind my pillow. Nothing else. No, it's good. This is fake Conversation. I don't take nothing. Nothing's real. Really Just because my homeboy, my dog jar, he about roll with me. He take everything. He take a lot of shit. But mainly toilet paper at first. I, that's a good idea, nigga. But now I got Sherman. Right. I'm excited. I'm excited man. Okay. Hell yeah. I wipe, I wiped with it for the first time today though. How did it make you feel? Super Clean. Wow. Super clean. I was like, this is great. Absolute. Absolutely. The older, do you know what I'm saying? The the the one ply make your asshole bleed. You feel what I'm saying? Yep.


With that Sherman Uhuh. That sweet little teddy bears back there. Come on Man. Have you tried like dude wipes or a bidet or anything Like that? I tried dude wipes. That's, I don't like it's wet. I don't like that Black people think that bidets are gay. The bidets are gay. Yes. Yeah. But now I'm thinking about it wiping my ass with a a with a toilet paper with a bear on. It is kind of gay. Yeah. Having a bear near your ass technically is gay. Yep. Hopefully you don't have any honey in there. I got honey at my house. Not in your ass though. No, Not in ass. No, no, no, no, no. At my house though, I drink a lot of tea. Ah. I drink a lot of tea. I do. I like tea. That tea is good for you.


When did you start drinking tea? When I got money. This is all new stuff. I love these interviews with Pam because you get to see what success is like in real time with Pam. Yeah Nigga, I got tea now. You got Tea now You also drinking tea. Yeah. Nigga, I'm rich, Rich nigga. Drink tea man. Hell yeah, That's right. Good for you. Drinking tea cam's. Drinking tea. Hey gimme me a tea over here. I'm doing okay. Yeah. You tea. That's hard. Absolutely. What kind of tea do you drink? Shit. All type of tea. Really? I like Earl Tea. I like that one. I like the the cha tea.


I like cha tea. I like some tea. I got just call energizing. That's good. It got caffeine in it. Okay. Hell yeah. I love tea bro. Tea is good for you. Okay. Absolutely tpa. That work? That ain't get that. But I got, I got this tea Pain aint like the wrap Crockers. Y'all get it? I'll figure it out. Cracker Tee Grizzly T Grizzly? Hell yeah. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Nah, tea go's hard. Pam Tea is Great. Yeah, tea's great. Yo tea Is phenomenal dog. I like tea. You fuck with coffee? Nah, not really. Yeah, me neither. Yeah, me neither. See Yeah, Coffee make you shit. Yeah. Yeah. But now you got all that charm and maybe you should drink some coffee.


See we be figuring shit out on here man. This is dope. Next level shit. Next level. Shit Cam. Unbelievable as always. Hell yeah. The man, the myth of legend. The best automatic cam Patterson every week. Making it look easy. Special St. Patty's day set today. That was fun. From one cam to another. Back to the bucket we go. But back to back Cams spelled with Ks. Ladies and gentlemen. I do believe this is the KILL TONY debut of Cam G. Cam G. There he is, Man.


That's cool. Two cams in a row. I'm like the opposite though. Tall, white and not as good as comedy. No, it is an honor to be on the stage though. It is KILL. TONY has done a lot to progress the art of comedy. In fact, KILL TONY is so progressive that as a straight white male, I am a diversity hire. If the Arian race was Hitler's dream, this shit is his worst fucking nightmare. Be very disappointed. Somewhere in Argentina, he's rolling in his grave. But no, unlike most felt, or if I do become a failed artist, I won't blame it on the Jews.


I will blame it on whoever's controlling the hot singles in my area that keep promising me the world and breaking my heart. All right, I'm done. Bye. Okay, cam G. Here we go. So, so how long you been doing standup cam? Nine months. Nine months? Yes. Where at? Where have these nine months taken place? All Fort Worth, Texas Fort Worth. Okay. And what made you drive down to Austin today? Oof. Actually it was my birthday weekend. Okay. Yes. What'd you do to celebrate your birthday? We just came down, did some bar hopping, exploring the city and then tried comedy.


So you've been here all weekend? Yeah. Yeah. I got a Airbnb for like the whole weekend. Okay. Was there toilet paper in the Airbnb? There was, Yeah. Okay. I bring wipes with me though everywhere I go. Wow. There you go. That's white shit. Yep. But he also has to clean up after all his murders. He doesn't wanna get caught. Oh yeah. You do have a vibe to you. What do you do for a living cam? I'm a bartender. Okay. In Fort Worth. In Fort Worth? Yes. Alright. What kind of bar is it? What's the theme of the bar? Oh man, I was a bartender at a comedy club. You were a bartender at a comedy club. What Happened? They saw your act? Yeah.


Are you no longer a bartender at a comedy club? No. Like two weeks ago I quit. You quit? Yes. So how are you gonna survive? How much money did you save up? Oh, I have. I'm, I'm all right. I'm asking you exactly how much money you've saved Up now I'm a disabled veteran and I'm in school. So You're really a veteran. Yeah. Right. Holy. No shit. You know what he was giving me strong sniper vibes. Yeah. Yeah. It's quite the opposite. I just worked on computers. You do look like the guy that hit Trump in the ear from, if You're KMG, how bad were KMA through F?


So you, not easy. You did a fine job. You look Cool. What? What? What branch of the military were you? I was in the Navy. Okay. And what exactly did you do on the computers? I was a fire controlman. What exactly did they Do? No one here's in the Navy. Ah shit. Stick with me here. What exactly does that mean? Right here? Fire Controlman. Does what? It's Fire Controlman. So it's like, like radars and also like the giant big gun on the ship. I, that was like my gun. Oh, So did you shoot it sometimes? Yeah. Yeah. Like I'm the one that shoots it. Wow. Yeah. Incredible sonar. So good.


Cam, come on G. So what do you do for fun? Cam? You seem like you're into some weird shit. Let's talk about it. Spill the beans right here. I just Drink. I just drink. Nope, that's not what I'm talking about. Are you saying like, was like, oh, some like really weird shit that I like to do. Pee up. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh. How did you know? You know, It's asking a lot of me right now, man. So what is it? I can't think of something like crazy. I like to bowl, but like, hey. Okay, now we're kind of talking. Okay, cool.


What's your average? I keep like a one 90. One 90? Yeah. Oh, is That good? I don't know. It's, I'm not a bowler 'cause it's 2025. But you got cargo pants. That's I do. Worrisome. Cool. What's, What's your love life like? Cam G? Is it mostly binoculars through windows? Nah, I got a girlfriend. Wow. What is your, what is your girlfriend? Does she Know? What does she do for a living? She's also a bartender. Yeah. Okay.


And she's still working, obviously. Where'd you guys meet? At work. She Still has a job? Yeah. Same place? No, not same place. Okay. No, it was a different Bar. Where'd you meet her there? Yeah. Her place. Yeah. She was bartending. You were having drinks and then what happened that first time that you guys hung out? Exactly. How does that go down? Were you like, Hey, I want to go to, wanna go to my place, I wanna go to my parents' place? It was Like a How old are you? 28. 28, okay. So that first hangout with your new girlfriend. Where, how did that go down? We were really good. She's cool. I like her. Yeah. But like, what was the line that you said to her? Oh, I mean like, I had just been going to the bar, so I just, I, You just kept going there.


We like, it was just like casual, like little here and theres, and then eventually I was like, all right, I need to say something. So How long have you been with her? If She's single? I think we're like on like four months now. Four months. So if you're, if you're, if you're watching out there and you're having girl trouble, all you have to do is haunt a woman's place of work. Yeah. Yeah. That's, you just go there. You stare at her. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. Let her know that you're on that. She's on your radar. Yeah, I know where you are most of the time.


You leave here late, don't you? I've got a big gun. Don't make me use it. Okay. Camg, what scares you? What are you afraid of in this world? Don't Say black people. Motherfuckers. I death. I don't know. Geez Cam, you're a real fear Of not anything Real. Tough interview Cam. You ever fired that gun on that ship? What's up? You ever fired the gun on that ship? Did You ever shoot anybody with the fucking big gun on your fucking shit? Not anybody. Like, it was just practice. Okay. We never actually killed people. Were you good at hitting the targets?


Yeah. What's the craziest thing about your life? Perhaps it's your parents, the way you were raised. Perhaps something happened to you. Perhaps you accomplished something, you won an award, or you saved someone's life or you almost died or something like that. Absolutely. Anything interesting. 'cause you look like you'd be interesting, but my God you're not. I'm so look, I'm, I'm so nervous right now. Nervous. It's okay. That's part of it. I'm the most nervous. Everyone else was nervous too. We had an innocent, the most innocent Aryan white woman you've ever seen in your life. And I gave her basically five seconds to come up with the blackest thing about her and she fucking nailed it. So being nervous has nothing to do with it. Yeah, you're right. That's the show that you signed up for.


You don't just get to suck and say I'm nervous. You pretty much, you tell the truth and then you're up here with four very funny people in red band. Yeah. And Aw man. Ready Dan. Okay. You got your whole life to reference here. Perhaps your parents did something or in school something happened, or once in the military something happened to you or something. Fucking anything. It's my mom. My mom's bipolar. Well, all of our moms are bipolar. Come on. Women are, it's gotta be serious. Yeah. She's a woman, isn't she?


You know? You know what I'm saying brother? You fucking know. You dirty dog Cam look like he got secrets. Yeah, exactly. I know that there's some fucking good interviews behind you, but you're a little bit shy right now. Perhaps you're on the run. That's why you have your hats so low. Shit man. My ex, my ex-girlfriend is my ex-boyfriend now. Is That okay? Okay. Wow. Where the fuck did that come from? You got a lead with that family? I Really, The interview was almost over. What the fuck were you holding that back for?


My ex-boyfriend. My ex girl. What the fuck is wrong with you? We're talking to you here begging you to say something and you, you have this bowling, Huh? My mom is bipolar. Your son of a bitch? Yeah. Your ex-girlfriend is now your ex-boyfriend. She became a boy. She became a man. Yes. How, how long ago were you dating her? God, I really hope she has to watch this fucking show. If I'm guessing, based on the demographics of that subculture, I'm guessing they don't watch this show, right? Yeah, no.


Yeah. Saying that, man, what did you ask me? I'm sorry. How long did you date her for? For like a year. Did You see any manly characteristics in her during that year? Oh no, that came, it came outta left field. Like it surprised the shit outta me. It came outta left field. Yeah. Left field. What? There was nothing. There was no, she never tried to wear a strap on or anything like that? No. No. She wasn't anything weird. No. So all the times you stalked her at the bar, you never saw nothing like this Coming. Nothing manly at all. She never tried to pick up the tab or open the door for you or support you in any way, no matter what kind of day you were having.


Did she know how to tell a story That was funny? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I'm trying. I'm trying so hard. I'm trying so hard. It's just alright. Not shit up here. Cam G. Here you go. There's a little joke book. There you goes. Cam G everybody. And it goes on and on. We're having fun here tonight. Oh, look at these two people are about to make out while going in and out of the bathrooms. Hello? Okay, this looks like a fun name. Looks like a new name. Here we are Ladies and gentlemen. Make some noise for On Car Sing. On Car Sing. And here he's I, I'm single.


I'm trying to date. And all of my friends and family, they're in relationships and they're always trying to give me advice, you know, they're like, be safe out there man. STDs are on the rise. Be safe. Oh my God, it's so scary. It's like, yeah, STDs are scary, but you know what's scarier than STDs? Dating today as a man is how expensive dating actually is. Dude, I went on a date with a woman a couple of weeks ago and honestly I much rather would've gotten crabs from her in the bedroom than have to pay for crabs at the dinner table. Actually. That's funny. Yeah. All of my friends like, oh my God. HIV is so scary. HIV. You know what's scarier than H-I-V-M-K-T market price.


We don't even know how much this shit costs. I didn't know there's a market for it. I'm on Robin Hood trying to short the stock. I'm doing everything. But I, I did bring that girl home afterwards and she was just a little heavy set. She was a little big, she was fat. And we get back to my place, we're making out, she takes my pants off and she sees my uncut gem and she goes, Ew, you have extra skin. And I was like, you have extra skinny a big bitch. What the hell On Car Sing has reached his maximum time limit.


Indeed. Hello. Welcome to the show. Look who Was laughing at Him? Oh yes. Oh wow. Wow, wow. We finally found our fucking victory For you, sir. Well done. Hello Sam. Hey, How are you? Pretty Good. I'm upset that the bear went off at the punch, but it's okay. Now What was the punchline? You calling her a big fat bitch or something? She Had a big vagina. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She had a meaty vagina. Yeah, it was pretty fat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And that was very meaty and like empty. So Was that it was that. Was that the, what you say? Yeah. So she says I have extra skin because I'm uncut and You And you say you have extra skin, you bitch. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. Okay. On sing. So what ethnicity are you exactly?


A temple of Doom. I'm Punjabi. We're like Northern Indian. Okay. Yeah. Sikhs important. Yes. Sikhs, right? The Warriors, the, I guess, yeah. Protected The Hindus from the Muslim Menace. Thank you. You recognize that? That's What every cab driver won't shut up about. So Yeah. Yeah. I've heard this. I've heard this story a bunch, man. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Wow. That's what we on cars sing. How long have you been doing standup comedy? Two years in Houston. Two years in Houston? Yeah. Unbelievable. What do you do for work? I'm an engineer.


What kind of engineer are you? Aeronautics. Okay. What exactly do you do for aeronautics? I can't really talk about it. Ooh. Yeah. Does that mean you're gonna fly a plane into a tower? Absolutely. Little bit. Little bit? Yeah. You guys are brave. You're the bravest ones. Yeah. On car. You've been doing it two years, all of it in Houston. Is that where you're born and raised? Yeah. You're born and raised in Houston. Your father worked in oil? No, he worked at a gas station. Okay, that's close. Yeah, that's fucking close. Yeah. That counts. That is unbelievably close.


How about your mom? What does she do? She doesn't really work. She's retired. Okay. Traditional home? Yes. Very. Yeah. And what do you like to do for fun on car? Typical Indian stuff. I guess I just spend my evenings doing standup. That's really it. And then working throughout the day. Yeah. And then you get in all those dust ups with Aladdin's Monkey, I've noticed that Indian men tend to only date Indian women. Is that true in your case? Not me, no. I'll date anything but Wow. Anything but Yeah, Absolutely unbelievable. Have you been with a black woman? I've slept with one. Yes.


You've slept with one? There was a lot of oil in my bed the morning after. Wow. Incredible. That's not bad. It's true. And that was True. Was back from all my racist point jokes. What kind of, I mean, how do you know it was, how do you know it was her and not you? Because I don't really secrete that much. Secrete might have been the most racist word you could have used. Secret is insane, bro. Yeah. You should have kept that part a secret. Wow.


Absolutely. Unbelievable. Where did you meet this girl? This black one night stand Doing comedy. Oh, Okay. She's a comedian as well? No, she wasn't. She was in the audience. Wow. And she thought you were so funny? I guess so, yeah. And you invited her back to your place? We Did. And Then, and is that your only time that you've been with a black woman? Yes. That was the only time. Okay. So Tell us more about a, what did you notice being with a black woman that's different than being with a white woman? They talk a lot. Well, you shouldn't have taken her to a movie. What was she talking about? Sorry, Ian. Just like, apologies Accepted.


I don't know. A bunch of like stuff about black history and I didn't really pay attention to much of it. Yeah, you didn't want to hear, you're just Trying to fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Okay. And then she showed up the next week at the same spot and I kind of just pretended like she didn't exist. Wow. And yeah, I never talked to her since. Wow. You came out here so likable. Wow. The market price joke was great. That was a great joke. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Jeez. A condom with her. Yes. How long do you think you lasted during that sexual experience? Like 12 or 13 minutes. That's a really exact number. I like that. Yeah. Very honest, very honest.


If you could teach some of these other people how to answer questions during an interview. Yeah, that would be amazing. That is very honest answer. Almost like you had your own timer going or something like that. Like a bomb. Like a bomb of some kind on car. What does on car mean in your language? It is the first word in our book. It means like oneness with God and like the interrelatedness of everything. And I think my mom kind of fucked up with that. Yeah. Yeah. I have It in my car. That's OnStar. Ah yeah, that's a different thing. This is on car. I was trying to set up the Nat Sherman thing that way too, but no one, no one spiked the volleyball.


I thought maybe there was an actual Nat Sherman that the cigarette was named after, but who Knows? They are menthol Ankar. What are some, what are some lifelong goals that you have that you wanna accomplish before you die? I don't know. Be good at comedy. Make people laugh. Other than that, Buy a car from my mom. Aw, For your mom? Yeah. Wow. What kind of a car? She has an Acura, TSX. And what do you wanna get her? I don't know, like a mom car. Wow. Like a Lexus or something. Or a SUV. My dreams are very achievable. I keep 'em low Mom.


It's me on car. I got you A Mom car. Yeah. All all Akbar. Absolutely incredible. Wow. Well on car. Welcome to the show. I like your style. Congratulations. Here's a big joke book. There you go. Good work on Car. On Car has been doing it two years. This is a very, very lucky bucket pulled for me because this is one of my favorite, one of my favorite top young rising comedians in the world. In an absolute coincidence. It's been happening lately.


A lot of the good rock solid comedians here, the mothership have been signing up for the show people that we all know and stuff like that. Because with the show's popularity growing, this is a place to fucking get seen and sell tickets. This guy has been opening up for me on the road lately. An absolute fun hang. We work together throughout the week here at the Mothership. One of the first people to move here from la, one of my favorite humans in the world. So this is a brand new minute from Asan Ahad, Ladies and gentlemen.


Man, it is a scary time to fly. You know how I know it's bad. I am also nervous at the airport. I am on your side. The energy to me on an airplane has shifted dramatically in the last two months because when I used to walk on a plane, people looked at me like, like what's he up to? What's he planning? But now when I walk on a plane, people look at me like, well if this thing goes down and we need someone to take over, he might have the right training. It's a scary time to fly.


A military helicopter crashed into a passenger plane. When that happened I was like, oh, things are different. 'cause when I was younger, when the American government wanted to ram an aircraft into something, they outsourced it. The jobs are coming back, baby. They're coming back. Asan. Ah, Maud. I love it. Asan, you did it again. All the jokes that I would make about you, I made it the last guy. Unfortunately, temple of Doom, ABAR, Ladies and gentlemen, a second Muslim has hit the show.


Yeah, it's, it is nine minutes later. At some point, at some point the whole stage is gonna completely collapse and we'll never forget at Were you, were you angry when On Car came on right before you? I was like, oh, well hopefully he doesn't make any airport jokes because that He was Punjabi. Yes. He was a dirty Indian. Oh No. What is the difference between you and him? He is a Indian Hindu. I am a Bangladeshi Muslim. He's A Hindu. Explain the difference to the white people while you guys are done having your side conversation there.


Explain the difference to everybody. No, he is Sikh as you're right. It's just, it's just different religions. Right. Alright. Still trying to, alright, let's go for a fourth time here. What's the difference between the two of you? Explain it to the people that are just American, that don't give a fuck about the real difference, but are curious to know there. It's all Just like different cultural differences within like different tribes in the whole area. Like what, what's a big difference? So, you know, we're we're Muslims, Ramadan we're fasting and they're, they don't do any of that. Ah. And what do they do? That almost seems like a dig, I guess. I have no idea. I actually don't really know that much about It. Almost seems like a dig, like you're saying they don't have any discipline or anything like that. Like I've noticed this with Jewish people.


Like, they'll be like, well our people fucking, those Jews are, are you doing that right now? Are you kind of hating on the other type of Indian? No, I'm not Actually. Right. You wouldn't want to hate against them. No. 'cause you're Muslim and Muslims don't hate anything. So it's eating when the sun's up. Aan. What else buddy? What else is going on in this wacky world of yours? So I went to Tulsa and they had this, I went to this museum and they had a, a exhibit on the KKK and the KKK.


Their guidebook in 1915 was called the Lauron. Whoa. Yeah. So I bought one and it came a couple days ago, so I started reading it. It's very like, kind of like Dungeons and Dragony, you know, like everyone has like their own like, oh I'm the exalted cyclops, I'm the Grand Dragon. And they have their own sort of rules and stuff. So it's interesting. I'm thinking of doing an audio book. Yeah. 'cause one does not exist of it. That sounds like fun. That is incredible. What are your, I've met your parents before when we were on the road doing San Jose. Yes. They're nice people. Explain to explain to these people what your parents are like.


Well, my parents are the most adorable people. Yes. My dad's like four 11. My mom's five one. Yeah. Yeah. Not to be confused with seven 11 or nine 11. Yeah. Which they're also completely responsive. Four 11 is a whole different thing. These people love the elevens. Yeah. Because they look like world trade centers. Alright. Yeah. But my, my dad is a aerospace engineer at NASA and my mom's a dentist. Your dad's an Aerosmith? Yeah. Yeah. Walk this way. Talk this way. Jamie's got a gun. Alright.


Laro Smith references. I love it. Asan, you are so much fun. I always love seeing you man. Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. I love seeing you too, Sam. There you go. Yeah, yeah. You, you currently have one of, I never do this to a comedian and you might not want to, I'm kind of putting you on the spot, but you currently have one of the, my favorite jokes. Would you mind sharing it with these, with these beautiful people out here? It might not work 'cause I'm putting you on the spot, but it might destroy, I dunno. Alright. Do you, do you guys wanna see my impression of an Indian pussy pu God damn it worked.


Who would've guessed that is yet another appearance by the great Asan Ahma? Ladies and gentlemen, Asan, where can they find you? You have the podcast with Derek Poston and I have a podcast with Derek Poston called The Solid Show. Check it out. It's a lot of fun. And your And your Instagram is Asan jay Ahad. That is E-H-S-A-N-A-H-M-E-D-M-A-D-M-A-D. That's how good of friends we are. Make some noise one more time for as Ahmad, Ladies and gentlemen, Our, Alright. This I've been a, this is what I would consider a perfect episode. Some compelling interviews, a couple light bombings, some returns of some people throughout the show, some great new faces.


Let's get one last bucket. Pull up here and then put a ribbon on this thing. Make some noise for what has to be the KILL TONY debut. Or else I would recognize the one word name of Nino. Everybody. We're gonna meet Nino together here. 60 seconds. Then an interview from Nino. Oh, the Tesla bots. Ai w Jerry here where my Latinos at. No more. Jose, did you get the job? No, they gave it to the robots. He's cheaper. Mike says, hate it when they don't work. Dude, I could just picture Tesla bots selling fruit on the side of the highway, like 3, 4, 5.


Try it. Very good. Very sweet. There's not gonna be homeless people no more. Just homeless robots. All the obsolete ones. Please her. Help my wife. She needs Indian lithium battery. Think of the children. It's like, all right, dude, here's 10 bucks. I'm a good person. Cholos are gonna send the robots on missions just like a fool. Send the robot to go pick up the sack dog. The cops won't check 'em. All right. That's my time. Thank you. You know, Nino, this has been a hell of an episode, I gotta tell ya. And I have never done this before.


In the show's illustrious history, there are some people that have won what's known as the golden ticket, where you can come back anytime you want. There's some people in the history of the show that were immediately made regulars, which means you have to write and perform a new minute every single week. Nino, you are the first person to ever be deported immediately. Shit. Thank you Tony. We are shipping you to wherever the fuck, whatever language you just spoken came from. You do not get to pass. Go. You do not collect $200. We, I don't know if you know this, I'm part of the current administration of the United States of America. No. And my connections are so rock solid that there's literally agents waiting for you immediately.


These guys are nodding their heads because they know Yoni's giving a thumbs up right now. It is absolutely incredible. You just lost American citizenship live on the show. It is amazing. Let's talk about you Nino. How long you been doing standup? About three years. Three Years. Where at exactly? All here in Austin. In Austin. Wow. That is amazing to me. What do you do for work? I deliver groceries for a living. I'm an essential worker. Okay, sure. Alright. What do you do for fun? Let's see. You know, hang out with the boys. What's the craziest thing that's ever happened to you in your entire life?


You guys running of the craziest thing? Yeah, I said a homeless man on fire once. Okay. Wow. I'm gonna put this little joke book down and follow up with some questions. What do you mean you set a homeless person on firework? You hear me out here now? Might actually get deported. We are fulfilling the prophecy, Ladies and gentlemen. I was kidding. And now it's becoming true. Alright, so I'm from the hood from Santa Ana, California and Mexicans in the hood. They love 4th of July. We love it more than rednecks. So my neighborhood was known for going crazy on 4th of July. So a lot of friends came over from high school and all that stuff. It's about one or two o'clock in the morning. We still have some fireworks.


So I had the bright idea like, Hey guys, let's go to the main boulevard and throw fireworks at cars and mess with people. So on the way to the main street, there's, how's, How old are you during this? I was probably like 15, 16. Okay. In High school. Yeah. Thank God. That makes sense. Okay, So, so there's, there was this liquor store notorious for like homeless people hanging out. It was called NA's liquor. So I don't know if you guys know what a piccolo Pete is. So I had some, I had some piccolo pees in my pocket. I had the bright idea to light it and I was gonna throw it at the bum to scare him. But my aim, my throat was so good, it landed on top of him. And this guy was pla like blacked out, plastered. And he just, the piccolo Pete just went off and he just engulfed in flames.


So then hold out. So we rush over there. Wait, wait, wait. It gets better. Whoa. Hold on, hold on. So then we rush over there to put it out. He's all fucked up. He doesn't know what's going on. He is like, whatever. So then we continue our, our, our little adventure on the boulevard. We get hit up by some gangsters. We're throwing fireworks at them or whatever. They have a paintball gun. My homie Allen is like, Hey, I'm gonna go get my paintball gun. Follow me back to my house. So we start walking back and I see the liquor store. I see a trail of smoke and I go, no way. That's not, that can't be the bum. Like, we literally put 'em out, dude, we, we run towards the liquor store. The guy's on fire again.


So we're like, fuck. So this time we try to get water, we throw water on him, put it out, and we saved him. And I didn't go to jail. He didn't die. So, yeah. Wow. I'm a good citizen guy. Don't to hear, don't deport me. That's not even the darkest story after that fucking Jimmy guy on mushrooms. So, Well, Nino, sign up again. Do a, do a better minute next time. All right. You got three years under your belt for the love of God, dude. Speak English. There he goes. Nina. Ladies and gentlemen. And with that means that there's only one thing that could end an episode like this.


William has taken this episode off. Yeah, I know, I know. He's, he needs, he needs some time off to prepare for the big upcoming show. But you know, we have a freak of nature here who almost never asks for a week off. This guy has the work ethic of a true American, even though he technically is not yet one, but soon he will be. I guarantee it. We're gonna trade Nino citizenship in, make him a Mexican again and this guy will take his place as an American.


I present to you the phenom, the undeniable, the one and the only. This is the Estonian assassin. Ari Matti. Hello. Hello. So I was trying to get some pussy. I went to a bar, didn't have the balls to do nothing.


I don't know how some guys do that. They just go to a bar and start just fucking, it's a numbers game. You know those guys? I've never walked up to a girl at a bar. I always feel fucking creepy. Isn't it creepy? I feel creepy because we both know what I want. Like every time I talk to girls at bars, I feel like America, when you guys talk to the Saudis, like we both know, I want to drill the shit out of you, but we need to be diplomatic.


Thank you so much. So much fun. Perfect. He's done it again. Hello. Alright. I love your book. Oh my God. That's how we met, by the way, with the book Running the Light by the great SAM TALLENT amazing Book With two Ls in the middle available everywhere forward by Doug Stanhope. No doubt about it. That's right. Ari, I'm so happy for your success, man. I'm so happy for you bringing me over to this universe. Look at us now. Look at us now. Sam brought you over. Yeah. Tell me more about that. So How we actually met this? I wanted to read, I'm a, I'm actually, I know I don't look like it, but I actually read.


You look like you read. Yeah. You're European. I don't Have glasses though. Well played. Yes. Yeah. I'm not a fucking nerd. Eh? I Read a book. No, I read a book like this. Fuck Yeah. Oh fuck yeah, dude. Sometimes I change the cover of a book, you know, like I put Toki or something. But inside it's like, it's like the story of Bruce Lee or some shit, you know? And I tried to, yeah, I wanted to get that book when it came out. 'cause I was like, oh my god, comedy, I love it. And then there was no Amazon.


I couldn't fucking get it. And I wrote to you on and off chance that the world famous SAM TALLENT will respond. And I wrote to you like, maybe I can get a, I don't, I was just honest. I was like, I'm in Estonia, don't worry about it. You know, we don't have Amazon. And then you just send me a free book. And then couple months later Sam is like, Hey, I'm coming to Estonia. So I set him up for a few gigs. We had a great time. Went to a party. I djd only for you and for you. Yeah. Wow. I told Sam like, the after party's gonna be awesome. It was me and him staring at each other. Literally. Yeah. He was like, and you played Insane Eastern European techno And you kept going like, I gotta go.


And I was like, and the security guy locked the door. I was like, You ain't gonna go, Where do you go? Cotton nacho. Oh Yeah. Yeah. We've been friends ever since, man. And now you're over here and you're, you're making hay as the sun shines upon you wearing green. Yeah. By accident. Totally. I don't, I don't care about the Patrick. I don't care. You had, it's crazy. The whole sixth street full of bitches with the Patrick, you know? And I'm Like, are you telling me you had no idea that it, no. Patrick say you wore that. I I There's no fucking way you randomly, I swear to God.


Wore that swear to, I swear to God. You don't believe I don't Fuck about St. Patrick by accident. It's not even a logo on that Shirt. Yeah. Green T-shirt. Yeah. It's like the most St. Patrick's Day shirt. I know. To wear any day of the year. I was, I would literally be like, what is it? St. Patrick's Day in Estonia? I I, for Halloween, I want it to be Kermit the Frog. So I just got the t-shirt. That's good enough. Oh My. It looks like they issued it to you at Ellis Island. Like, hey, welcome to America. We wear this on this date. And you were like, oh, crazy man. Or however, you know, you're like, oh dude. That's crazy Man. I do not like a Patrick.


I Don't even know what it's about. What's it, what's it about? Well, I'm not wearing green because I'm a masochist. I didn't get it. I like to be pinched. Oh. I Still think read a book like mine running the light. Available March 25th. No, it's fucked up man. When I emailed you and asked you for a copy of the book, To be fair, you did live in America though Still it would've been easier. And I'm a better DJ also. I I have no doubt Ian. Yeah, you should have seen it, man.


It was fucked in there. How did it end up Just being the two of you? Like that's how I like to party. I do one on one. Yeah, I do. It was more intimate. I know Americans love when it's like, oh, just fucking, every time they go to a bar here, everyone's fucking up going your shit, dude. It was me and you. Lovely. One bartender, one comedian, one dj. What A party. Yeah. Wow. Sometimes Wanna talk. I just paused the music. We talked and then I go continue. Whenever I did a cool dance move, you would just restart the track. Yeah, yeah. It was magic man. Yeah.


'cause you go out here. Music is, am I older? Music is too loud. You know, everywhere I go. Music too fucking loud. Can't talk. I agree. I don't like a loud bar. Yeah. Hey, Vancouver, Washington. I'll be there March 29th. Come on. Well Ari, anything else crazy we should know about before I let you go? Well, I don't know. I've been, you know, traveling. Oh, okay, okay. I have. Okay. I have something stupid that happened. I went to a hotel. Okay. St. Petersburg, Florida. See, I never knew. I, I've never been to Flo. I mean, we went with you to Orlando and it was, you know, it was what I expected.


Very. So I expected all of Florida to be like, have you been to St. Petersburg? Of course. So Beautiful. Nothing like the original dude. No, no. The original is a dump dude. And by accident there was some fucking fest. Every time I go to a fucking place, there's a festival and there's no fucking rooms for the hotel. So I got a hotel. I thought it was a deal. I go to the hotel and I find out it's like a gay hotel. Oh, what's the name of this hotel? Yeah. What's the parking like?


I walk in, I couldn't immediately tell that it's gay, but they were very happy to have me. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I bet. Like I'm, yeah. I've never had such excitement when I walk into a hotel, you know, they were ready to check me in. You know what I'm saying? And I don't know, like, I didn't even know like that that fucking, I'm sure Estonia has a fucking gay hotel somewhere, but it's like underground with a secret. Fucking, it's not on booking.com, you know? No, It's one scared guy and a DJ being like, who will suck? Who dude, When I checked in, yeah.


I was cra they asked me like, what kind of room you want? And I started planning. I was like, fuck, I gotta stay here all night. So I took like third floor. I was like, gimme the back corner. My theory was like, if I'm in the back far away from the elevator, when the sucking fuck starts happening, you know, when they fuck start to fuck room to room, you know, It's like Benny Hill. Yeah, yeah. I'm 369. You gotta fuck 300. Maybe they're all fucked out by the time they get to me. You know, Or they're 5, 3, 6, 7. Yeah. And then there were two more rooms to the corner. 3, 6, 9. And then I realized, holy shit, gay guys, they'll never quit before they hits 3, 6, 9.


Dude, I, I stayed out all night in Florida. I even went to the hotel late 'cause I was like hoping they'll fucking fall asleep. Yeah. Gay guys don't stay up late. Ah Yeah, dude, I went there 3:00 AM Prime City dude. Fuck. 'cause I saw them printing one kick. Like they give me one key card, but I saw them printing seven, you know what I'm saying? They Were up to some And then dude, gay shit was everywhere. So I go to my room, there's like a picture of four chicken and I'm like, oh my God, look at these chicken. But then I realized, no, it's caulk, you know? Oh my god. Three different types of lotion.


Three different lotion. Olive vera, some natural shit and some shit from China that didn't come off. You know what I'm saying? This is incredible. No, Everything Gay, gay, gay guys on the walls in the shower. They're like, did you get the soap like a picture? I, I took pictures. I'll show you later. I have the, I have the evidence. Wow. This Is absolutely incredible. Lava lamp. Whoa. No, that's Gay as hell. I know it just a big lava lamp. Even the damn lamp be gay. Damn. The I put a banana. The bed was gay.


What? The bed was gay. The bed. Yeah. I mean I was scared stick. Everything was sticky as shit. Salty too. What was gay about the bed? It was like a very, he Was a real queen. It was a hard bed. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I think, well you know guys, we, our knees can take a pounding, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. We don't need to be soft, you know? Yep. But I do have to say what I do have to say at some point, I did go down to the bar where all the gay guys were hanging out. I gotta say most wonderful time of my life. Hell Yeah. Gay guys know how to fucking party dude. Yep. Because usually you go to bars, you're scared you're gonna get your ass beat or something.


Dude, all I got was showered with compliments. Just a fuck. That's right. Free drinks a smooch. Things were wonderful. Hell yeah. I love a smooch. Ari, you are a fucking sensation. Thank you So much. I Love you. Everybody loves Tony. You and we did it again, Ladies and gentlemen, brought to you by Shopify, Bluetooth nicked via open phone and Toves. We are going to London, England at the O2 arena. There's still a, some actually quite a bit of tickets left for night. One of Nashville. I don't think people understand that. Nashville, we added a show. There's a whole arena for sale.


Yeah. So you can go see us in an arena in Nashville, Tennessee. And another huge announcement coming. Probably we'll be out by the time you hear this. You know, maybe we're going back to New York, maybe to a specific venue at some point. The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in and it is absolutely incredible of Sam Tallent with Ian Edwards on like a, on like being beamed up. Sam talent's an alien. Yeah. Running the light is available in bookstores everywhere. How about one more time for Sam Tallent? Thank You. IAN EDWARDS Coming. Hey, Real quick. Australia, the uk, I'm coming down there.


UK Australia. Come to the shows. That's right. IAN EDWARDS. Ladies and gentlemen, check out IAN EDWARDS comic on YouTube and Instagram. I'm on tour. I'm going to be at the Honda Center in Anaheim, the Maverick Center in Salt Lake City. I'm doing standup comedy in a couple arenas, Ladies and gentlemen, which is absolutely insane for me. I'm gonna try to do really, really good. So if you live near there, go to that and some other venues everywhere. Connecticut, the Mohegan, sun Arena, and some other places. Tony HINCHCLIFFE dot com for tickets.


Let's check in with the great artist, Chris Rogers, local artist. And it's Ari Matti as a leprechaun, A guy who literally hates St. Patrick's Day being represented. That's priceless. That's gonna be for sale after the show. Red Band. Check out the Secret show every Thursday at the sunset strip atx.com. Love You guys. April 7th, we make our debut on Netflix. Ladies and gentlemen, make sure you watch it. Tell your grandparents to watch it. Your parents, your cousins, your children. When you go to your buddy's house, put it on their Netflix. Watch it, sir. Sit the fuck down. You creep a void.


Jesus fucking Christ. Watch it everywhere and then watch it again. Just leave it on in the background sometimes. Put it on and then put it on again. That all counts and that's it. We love you guys so much. Thank you. God bless America and God bless planet Earth. You know what I mean? I love you guys. Goodnight everybody. Thank you.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now over. Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


This podcast is brought to you by Aura.


By the time you hear about a data breach, your information has already been exposed for months. On average, companies take 277 days to report a breach. That's nine months where hackers have access to your personal data, your name, address, phone number, even your social security number before you even know it's out there. Think about it, nine months is enough time for criminals to open accounts in your name, rack up debt, and disappear all while you're left dealing with the mess. And when the company finally tells you it's too late, the damage is already done. Data breaches aren't slowing down, they're getting bigger and the delays in reporting them aren't helping. Right now. Your personal information could already be on the dark web and you wouldn't even know it. How long do you wanna wait before taking action? That's why we're thrilled to partner with Aura. Aura monitors the dark web for users', phone numbers, emails and social security numbers, delivering real-time alerts if any suspicious activity is detected. Additionally, aura provides up to $5 million in identity theft insurance offering a robust safety net. In the event of a worst case scenario, aura goes the extra mile by scanning the dark web for your sensitive info and alerting you instantly if anything is found. And if Id theft strikes, no need to panic or as US-based 24 7 broad resolution team works around the clock to fix it fast and get you back on track. Or is a complete online safety toolkit, which includes a variety of other features to keep you safe online, including A VPN for Secure Browsing Data broker optout to stop companies from selling your personal information, a password manager to help you create and store strong passwords and more for a limited time Aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial plus a check of your data to see if your personal information has been leaked online. All for free when you visit aura.com/defense. That's aura.com/defense to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a U ra.com/defense. Certain terms apply, so be sure to check the site for details.