
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, It's live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas. For a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up For Tony s ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Everybody makes the most of the best damn fan in the fucking land right there.


Carlos Sosa, Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo. On the horns, we have a leprechaun that we found on St. Patrick's Day. We kept him. He's on violin. Jay Kenny, Jake Kennedy, everybody is his name. Wow. One of the Kennedys. Hopefully he gets shot in the head by the end of the episode. Have a about a Hand for Big Mike, Michael Gonzalez on the drums. Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on The Keys. And this is indeed the one and only Live in the Flesh, the great and powerful D Madness on the bass guitar.


This is the number one live podcast in the world. Soon to be an Emmy nominated television show. Brought to you by Blue Nile, Talkspace Voodoo Ranger, and ZipRecruiter. How exciting is this? And before we get started, here's a little bit more from all the other amazing sponsors that made tonight's episode available for you here right now.


Hey, Lonzo Ball, it's your agent. What's up? I've got a commercial opportunity for you from Buzz Balls. Ready to go? Cocktails. Nice. My last name is Ball. The Product is a cocktail in a ball. I get It. That's what I thought too. But no, they want you for your hands. They think your big hands will show off the size of their new Blue Bigs ball. Big Blue balls really Get blue balls this season with buzz balls. Please. Your responsible buzz balls available in Spirit Wine and Malt, 15% aco, BA and bus Balls. LLC Carrollton, Texas


Spring Savings are in the air. And at Ross, where they have savings on all the brands you love. From the latest fashion to outdoor decor and even pet supplies. Savings are in every aisle. Go to Ross and save 20 to 60% off other retailers prices on your favorite spring fines.


Hello, this podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Consider this your official notice is The Mother's Day's past approaching Sunday. The 11th of May is the day for all the moms in our lives to show them how much we care this year. Go for a gift that ignites her smile, and maybe even triggers a few tears with a special piece of jewelry from Blue nile.com. Not a rake or a broom. That's Blue Nile amazing jewelry@bluenile.com com. Blue Nile, you'll find thousands of independently graded diamonds and find jewelry pieces of prices below your expectations as the original online jeweler. Since 1999, peace of Mind comes with every Blue Nile purchase. Thanks to some of the highest quality standards in the jewelry industry. Your gift will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, and in most cases even delivered overnight. And wave goodbye to buyer's remorse because Blue Nile also offers 30 day returns and a diamond price match guarantee. So treat Mom right this Mother's Day. Enjoy the ease and convenience of shopping Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to blue nile.com today. That's blue nile.com.


You guys ready to start tonight's fucking episode or what? Alright, every single week, I book two of the funniest guests in the world this week. No different Ladies and gentlemen. Two returning guests. Two of my favorites. This is a, a mixture of chemistry of two hilarious comedians that are willing to truly be themselves on this show. They're not nervous, they're fun. We're gonna have a blast. I present to you one of the record holders for all time appearances as a guest on the show and one of my favorite guests who debuted this year in 2025.


Make some noise for LUIS J GOMEZ and LEMAIRE LEE. Oh yeah, baby Luis J Gomez, the creator of Ska Fests, the Legion of SKAs and Story Wars, skank, hands in the air, the great and powerful LeMaire Lee, Ladies and gentlemen. Huge pro wrestling fans not getting the size of pop that he was expecting here. Powerful La Mer. One of my favorite goofy debut guests of 2025, makes himself right at home. Very silly. I'm, I'm hanging out One of the most likable characters humanly imaginable.


You brought us to the what? These Guys look mad. No, they're happy. They're happy. La Mer. All Right. Don't make me give you the fist. Whoa. Yeah, they're actually a racist. They're like a Puerto Rican and a black guy. We didn't pay for this shit. Yeah, exactly. This Is Texas. Where's the white people? That's right in the audience. LUIS J GOMEZ is here. Truly. I do believe he may have the record now for sure. I think. I think so. It's 20 some odd appearances. Yep. This is, we're brothers from back in the day it was doing this show when it was in the Comedy Store. Belly Room 2030 People in the crowd. Yep. Look at this shit. It's, you guys are gonna Netflix. Holy shit. Not only does, I do believe, not only does he have the record for all time appearances on the show, he also has the record for the least watched episodes ever.


I actually glanced through for the first time in forever. I glanced through our video library today and it's amazing how few some of these episodes were watched. And I noticed a direct correlation between you and us only getting like a couple hundred thousand views. I'm like, wait, how's a 4 million, 200,000? Yeah. Well, I'm shadow banned from most platforms, Tony. Well, that's your fault for booking me. You're an idiot. That's It. That, and you know what? I have no regrets because contrary to popular belief, I clearly love Puerto Rican garbage. Here it is LUIS J GOMEZ. Proof, by the way, proof. They could have looked that up. Any of the fucking media outlets could have been like, wait, he seems to really love this guy.


And Kim Congdon truly like, I mean, just Two of the most garbages Puerto Ricans on the planet. Yes. And meanwhile they called me racist. And here I am propping you up. While you cost me millions of views every time I have you on an episode, you guys know how it works. Clearly all time appearances. But I'm gonna remind everybody here anyway, about 300 human beings, innocent souls, people that any, I mean anything can fucking happen here. And they signed up for the chance to get 60 seconds on this stage. You know their time is up and you hear the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then. Or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear. I'm gonna have this, I'm gonna have this gas station attendant fucking pull.


The first one. You don't have to say it out loud, sir, but Jesus, now we go wrangle that person from next door. And while we do that, while we get our first bucket, pull of the night, Ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna bring to the stage one of the finest characters in the history of the show to get us started tonight. This is America's favorite uncle. This is a guy out on the killers of KILL TONY. Absolutely crushing it. An old soul, but a young spirit. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a brand new minute from David Charlie.


How y'all doing tonight? White people in Puerto Rico? Hell yeah. I ain't a political person, but I don't like the way they treating women in the, in the media. You know, like saying women can't be the president and shit. I was raised by a strong black woman. I believe women could do anything a man could do. You know, clap bitches. I'm talking about y'all have a little fuck, have a little faith in yourself. We let you bitches read and write. You know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? And the sad part about it is, I don't think we ever gonna see a female president unless that bitch is trans. Them good old boys ain't letting no fully loaded bitch in the office. They gotta have a dog in the fight.


Like, hey, you a woman. But bitch, don't forget where you come from. That's how they did us with Obama. I get it. They had to have a dog in the fight. You know what I mean? We wanted Jesse Jackson. They was like, be fuck it for real. You better get this orange nigga and get the fuck outta here before we change our mind. But if you think about it, this is a lot of strong trans women. You know, you got Kaitlyn Jenner, Wendy Williams, you know that bitch got a dick and I know that bitch Dick bigger than mine. You know what I mean? You be fucking that bitch around the back of her shit. Slappy your knee cap. Like god damn. Throw it over your shoulder. Your big donkey dick bitch.


Hell yeah. That's my time. Thank y'all. Everybody. Yeah. Big donkey dick bitch. Put it on a t-shirt. David Jolly has arrived. David, welcome back to the show. Hey, thank you Tony. It's always great to be here, man. Absolutely. I have some, hell yeah. You know some good jokes there. I have. I have some beef with your setups. You said that the media said that a woman can't be president, but the media is the only thing that says that a woman can be President. Oh, hey, I was, I, I I, I used this. Well, you know, she, I fucked up. You know what I'm, she went outta me. You know what I'm saying? Well, the mayor, the media, the people. I'd vote for a woman. Yeah. No shit. You're a liberal pussy. La Mer. We've had this talk before.


We've gotten into awkward talks in the green room. I told you to stop before Rogan can walk back in. It was Good. I want you to work in this city. La Mer try to save you a cop dude all nevermind. Yeah. She was a cop that locked up. People that look like you lame for having less than a gram of wheat. She would lock up Lewis right now for spilling a martini. If she was, I was just so upset that he said he'd vote for a woman, Tony. No, that's incredible. It's ridiculous. And look, I like women. We just gotta wait for the right one. And I like your premise. I like the whole fucking Caitlyn thing. Everything that you got going there. Yeah. I appreciate it, man. You know what I'm saying? I'm just speaking fags, you know what I mean? Yeah. They Gotta have, They're speaking fags.


Whoa. All right. Lewis likes any opportunity to say the word fag. And he found one there. There's gonna be a lot more windows that open up before the end of the night. David, you know, I never really get to ask you about your personal life. I wonder. Sure. What do you, what's your living situation? Do you live by yourself? Yeah, I Stay by myself. You stay by yourself. Yeah. So it's a one bedroom. It's a two bedroom, two Bedroom. Who lives? Who lives in the other bedroom? Nobody. Just me. You Got the whole place Too. Hell, y'all walk around that bit. Butt ass naked. You run around naked. Let them nuts hang out. You hear me? And you have a couch and a TV and a Yeah, I live pretty good right now. You know what? I'm making a little couple dollars, you know what I mean? Yeah.


My life is actually pretty fucking amazing. You know what I'm saying? You have a sound system. Oh, you my, Hey, hey, hey. I swear that bitch immune to black people. I ain't hear that bitch. You didn't Hear it at all. I still don't hear it. I go home and be like, what the fuck is red band talking about? I don't hear shit in here. Goddamn bird loosened. Yeah. You know what I mean? Oh man. That's What, what do you think if you had to speak on behalf of all African Americans on why exactly? I'm noticing Sean. You know what I'm talking about John? This was hitting close to home with Jon Deas. I've never really seen him laugh this hard at something.


I swear If you had to speak on behalf of all African Americans on why it is that the smoke detector beep goes unnoticed with you people and you people. Only when I say you people, I fucking mean you people. I get it. I get it. Let there be no confusion here. Yeah. Yeah. Why I God, Why do you think it is that black people don't notice that they need to change the batteries in the smoke detector alarm? This is a, this is no, there's, You know, that dog whistle that that we can't hear, but dogs can hear. It's like that with smoke legend. Okay. So Black people don't hear. I never heard it. I still don't hear it. It's the pinch La I'm Talking about when Trump gives a speech Instead of Dog whistle for, Hey man, stop talking about Trump man.


You know what I'm saying? We live in Texas, but it relax, you know what I mean? Laira being Trump, man, oddly political. I ain't say anything bad. I I that bitch like that dog whistle, you know what I'm saying? Black people can't hear it. Okay. I ain't hear it at first until I, I listen hard enough and I was like, oh shit. That's a smoke. Smoke happen. David, What do you think is the blackest thing about you other than your skin, your speech and your overall demeanor? The black is probably my dick. That bitch pretty black now. That bitch, sometimes I gotta put lotion on that motherfucker that be like a gray color some days, you feel me? Absolutely. They get gray now.


Now I'm also curious to know, what do you think is the whitest thing about you, David? Jolly. Oh, that's a tough one right Here. Oh, this is more like an orange Color. Oh, inside of your hand? No, not physically, but like with your, with your behaviors. Oh, I believe that sublime is the greatest band of all time. Hey, I'm ready to die on that mountain. You know what I'm saying? You feel me? White man? Hell yeah. He likes sublime. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Hell yeah. Sublime was a good time, man. That Surprises me. Not the one with Rome. That's bullshit. You know what I'm saying? Not the new sublime. Yeah. Fuck that bullshit. I mean, Rome can sang but sure he wasn't on heroin at the same time. So it ain't the same effect.


It's gotta have the heroin. Yeah. I like, I like my rock and roll stars to do drugs, you know what I'm saying? Like the hard drugs, the real ones, you know. Yeah. No doubt about it. No doubt about it. David, you got it started here tonight. Is there anything else crazy we should know about you before we let you go? Since the last time we saw you? Shit, I just, you know, do it. You know. Oh, I got a video. Did a million views. That fucking, that fucking mechanic video is on. That bitch's going pretty good. I got a lot of dumb ass videos I've been making. I got one coming out this Wednesday. Every Wednesday, man. Every Wednesday. What? How do people see those? Oh, oh, I can say that. Oh, Mr. D Jolly bitch on Instagram. MRD Jolly on Instagram.


Same thing on TikTok and everything else. Even black people meet, you know what I'm saying? Hell yeah. Alright. I Appreciate that Tony. I don't know what just happened there, but Yep. There he World Star. Yeah. World Star. There he goes. David Jolly. Alright, onto the bucket. We go ladies. Oh my God. Oh my. You know what? I think I might need to lotion up my penis. Heidi's here. Everybody. I need to borrow some of David Jolie's cocoa butter and think about a dude while I do it. Alright. Your first fucking pool of the night goes by the name of Trish.


Smart everyone sounds like a familiar name. I think we might have seen her before. Here she is. Make some noise. People for Trish. Smart. What's up? Somebody outside tried to make fun of me. They were like, is that a black belt? And dick sucking about my necklace. I was like, what do you think happens at Claire's? Like you can't buy this 8 99 3 pack. You gotta go to the back and prove it. I don't know. I started arguing back with him too. I was like, I don't only suck a dick to refuse a UTI.


He didn't get it either. I am dating again though. I like, I don't get dating. Like, I don't know how many times it takes for you to tell somebody to stop sticking a finger and you're asshole till they stop doing it. But it's not for every time I get slapped in the face during sex. Sex, I think the exact same thing. I'm like, that was unexpected. I don't know why you thought that that was okay. Good. Okay. Like, okay. I heard them out. So you close your set, huh?


With just a hard head nod. Trish. Smart. Welcome back. We made full on eye contact. I didn't know what else to do. Okay. Okay. Alright. Trish. Smart. You could have been like, that's it. That's my, that's it guys. All right. There she is. Trish Smart. How long you been doing standup Trish? It'll be eight years now. Eight years, okay. And you've been on the show once before. I have. What did we find out? What was the highlight of your interview last time you were on? If you had To find the highlight of my interview was that I was making paintings of myself acrylic on the toilet to sell at comedy shows. Okay. Yeah. And how much would one of those go for? Oh, someone's about to vote for Trish.


Smart for president. Everybody. It's not as bad As you think. Especially the Black Friday sale that you had that One time. I had a Black Friday Red band. Let's get back to the sound board. Red band. Looks like he band everybody. Alright, Trish Red Van looks like he has a black barber. Okay. All right. Thank you. Look what happens when you talk. No, that's a compliment. Okay. All right. I'm sure the Internet's dying right now. The black bar. Why would a, why would, why let, let's find out after all, why does it look like he has a black barber? Because he Has like a fresh shave. Like you look, He looks fucking disgusting.


What are you talking about, Trish? I've never seen the red band look worse than right now. Yeah, it is unbelievable. He said he looks like he Crawled outta the fucking sewer Today. What are you talking about? Yeah, he's gray has no voice. You're disgusted. Stop trying to talk. You're not in shape for podcasting tonight. Literally. There's all these buttons here. Hit one. Turn up your fucking volume and hit a fucking button. There you go. Hit anything. Try it. Hey. All right. There you go. Okay, stick to that. Put the mic down. Trish, tell us what's been going on with your life since the last time we saw you. Oh, Well, it's been a year now. Adam Ray bought me that week of hotels. That's how we get started. It was free. And then I accidentally invited a homeless musician.


I adopted him and he destroyed the hotel room. And I had to call Adam Ray and be like, listen, this guy brought a dog. Like all this stuff happened. And he thought it was very funny. So that's how that ended. He Didn't, let me just update you. Please. There's no way. And I haven't talked with Adam about this. He was being a nice guy giving you a hotel room. Yeah. There's no way he thought it was funny. Well, I Paid, It was a 0%. I'm sure he laughed at you because he's like being nice, but like, no, I Paid for it. Well, I Bet you fucking did. I mean, that would be crazy. What made you invite a homeless man with a dog into the hotel room that Adam Ray was nice enough to pay for? Well, he was living across the street. And then I was like, all right, you can take a shower. And then it was like, all right, you can do laundry.


And then one day he like tried to have sex with me and as a joke, I was like, what's your STD status? And he said it would be an honor to die with you. Wow. And then I was like, you have to leave. Like you have to go. Right. And then, well, This guy was actually funnier than you. Yeah. That's Awesome. Yeah. I'd love to hear his version of this story where he is like, Hey, this homeless chick, let me stay in a hotel room. I'm afraid to say it, but your mustache kind of looks like my panty liner. Okay. Trish, my mustache is Cur, my mustache is covered In shit right now. Just so you know. I'll paint it later and then sell it. Okay. This is getting weird. Trish, please stop trying to thaw the panel tonight.


It's not you're roasting skills are, are, are very, very, very, very, they're like complimentary. Would You like me to compliment you? Okay. Yes, I'm gay. Good one, Trish. No, I was gonna say, let's just move forward. I was gonna say, Trish, how does it feel to be the reference photo for John Waters plastic surgeon? Oh God. Jesus fucking Christ. Trish. Nobody. Alright. Yes. Literally fucking nobody in a room of 300 fucking people. Nobody. So eight years of experience. I tell you to stop roasting the panel. You're like, how about one more? How about this reference from 1960 something. You fucking gogos, Trish, God, this bucket.


I mean Jesus Christ. I can already tell how fucking tonight's gonna go. So Trish, anything else about your life that we should know about? I don't know if I should say this, but I had a friend pass away a couple days ago. I think I'm feeling pretty strange about it today. Okay. How did they pass away? Are you guys familiar with the term Ket Ffl and chill? Nope. That's Where you do ketamine. And I'm pretty sure he kept and killed. And I don't know if I should be saying that, but I feel like when something is like so fresh that you're just like, I wanna talk about it and I don't know how. Yeah. Yeah. I, I agree with you.


I got a dead girlfriend and I Oh really? Yeah. You do. Yeah, I went and I did a show that night. So I understand totally what you're talking about. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I did a show last night. I talked all Just hold on. Stop. Trish, shut the fuck up La Mer. When did you have a dead girlfriend? When I was first starting comedy back in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. 7 1 7 till I die. Okay. So you were in PA and you had a girlfriend. And then how did she die? She had pancreatitis, a very avoidable disease. Unless, unless you're a black lady. Like That's, and then what happened? It's so she just kinda got sick that day.


She got sick and after two weeks she passed away. She laid around with pancreatitis for two weeks. Or did she go to the hospital? She went to the hospital and they kept sending her back. They were like, that's not what you got. Oh my god. Damn. I'm Sorry dude, that it's okay. Really unfortunate. Wow. I didn't mean to take the moment away from you. I love, we just didn't give A shit about her friend at all. Yeah, I fuck that guy. I get it. It mine wasn't going very well so that's why Oh my goodness gracious. To be fair, I also would've killed myself with drugs if I had to hang out with you. Yeah, it is true. Okay. I don't understand how the Netflix has anything to do with that. Your friend overdosing on ketamine.


What is ke Is like a popular term where you do ketamine. Just watch tv. It's, it just basically means like you do it by Yourself. Have you ever heard of Spun fun Tony Uhuh. That's when you do meth and you fuck. Wow. Have you ever done that? I haven't done it. Yeah. That seems like two ways to doing meth and fucking, or two ways to burn calories, which seems like one of your least favorite things to do. Anyway, Trish, sorry about your friend. It seems to be weighing heavy on you with your terrible roast jokes. I'm sure your friend is looking up at you right now while burning in hell and roasting in hell and yeah, and roasting better than you.


That's pretty good. Thank you. So there she goes. Trish smarter. She's got a good sense of humor. Relax people. She's been doing it eight years. She's smiling. Ah, Tony's so mean to the girl who's friend died. Fuck you. Fuck you. She said I looked like a John Waters thing or something. Jesus Christ. Oh, how about one more roast joke. You look like John Waters is something.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, therapy can be costly, but Talkspace is affordable and in network with most insurance providers. Did you know that most insured members have a $0 copay redband? That's right. Tony Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy for provider makes getting the help you need. Easy, accessible, and affordable. I think Talkspace is providing some of the best mental health treatment out there. Yeah, I mean, we seem fine, don't we? You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider that's the right fit for your needs. Typically within 48 hours, you can also switch providers at no extra cost. Talkspace makes getting help convenient because you can take your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it out in between sessions by sending messages to your therapist. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter promo code space eight zero to match with a license therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter pro promo code space eight zero to get $80 off your first month and show support for the show. That's Talkspace dot com slash tony promo code space eight zero.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter. According to a recent ZipRecruiter survey, 76% of employers plan to expand headcount for 2025. That's a lot of time spent hiring. If you're one of these employers who's ramping up hiring this year, don't miss out on this advice. Add ZipRecruiter's latest feature, zip intro to your hiring plan. It lets you post jobs today and talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Best of all, it does most of the work for you. So you can save time. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL TONY Redband. Tony ZipRecruiter is the best hiring site out there. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly access excellent candidates for your job via back-to-back video calls. You simply pick a time at zip intro who does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you. Then you choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. It sounds so easy. So save time hiring for 2025 with new zip intro. Just go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL TONY right now to try zip intro for free. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL. TONY zip intro. Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Qualifi.


Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket pool. As you see, anything can happen. This person could, this person's mother could have died today. Her body could still be warm. Okay, make some noise for Marvin. Izzy, everybody. Man, I can't stand managers yo, I can't stand managers. You ever see a job interviews? They always ask you stupid shit. Like where do you see yourself in five years? I be looking at 'em like probably in front of another motherfucker asking me where do I see myself in five years? Man, I can't stand managers yo.


When they come into the office, 8:00 AM ready to go energized. Hopped up on cocaine and coffee. I don't do that shit, man. Don't come into the office. 8:00 AM hopped up on cocaine and coffee and I'm 15 minutes late. High on weed bitch. Like we just not on the same wavelengths. Now I can't stand it, man. As soon as I come into the office, first thing I hear, Hey Marvin, I need you to do me a favor. I need you to put in the order, print them, scan the facts I'm emailing to me. Communicate to fill the location of the packers, redo the workers issues, coordinate the taxes, terms how many the finally get, I'm gonna be late to Friday's meeting. Today is Tuesday. I need you to organize the filing capital particularly chronologically and then do inventory. Then I need you to stay overtime while I'll lead her in and prioritize my family. Type this over yours 'cause we're gonna go to the movies. If you need anything, just send me an email.


CC John. Okay. And I'm high on, we like all, lemme get a pen real quick. Hold on. Alright, that's me. All right. Marvin, Izzy, you were on very recently. Am I correct, Marvin? Yeah. Man, this was my redemption man. Like the first one was the night of the crazy turbo mode bucket pools and stuff, you know? And then I got called the very next week, you know, but I was really awkward that day. I was like in my shell acting just not myself, man. And Here you are now Taking corny shots at you and red band.


So my bad on that for y you know? Wow. That, and I do wanna answer one Question that just, we just got to see what the last girl's gonna say next time she's on. Isn't that exciting? This is Incredible. But I did want to answer one question for you. 'cause you did ask me what was one of the most Puerto Rican things about me. And I said I was watered down by that. I meant like, I don't eat rice and beans, I don't, you know, listen to gg th or anything like that. But I am proud when I say I'm Eno, you know, this is Puerto Rican native. What does that mean exactly? It means that my people were also here before everyone else and got raped as well. And this is why light skins come out. Wait, hold on a second. I always, I always find it so interesting when a culture tries to make themselves a victim.


No, We're the ones of the indigenous, No. I wanna know more about exactly what you made. No, we're we're the indigenous, Hold on, let me check in with Louis j Goldman. Yes, sir. Are my senior Puerto Rican correspondent when the rapists become the raped. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Is that the or the original Shankers. Where the national shank. Stop fucking raping me, dude. I'll rape you Holmes. Hey dude, I think we're just fucking now, bro. Dude, you rape me. I rape you. We fucking bro. Dude. Taino. I'm gonna get that shit. Fucking that dude on my fucking unathletic arm. Dude. I love you're Speaking a Puerto Rican accent.


Mexican. Yeah. He just trying to get us deported, bro. You see this shit? No. Okay, Let me see that tattoo again. So Tino, that that means like original Puerto Ricans. Yeah. Eno this R First of all, let's talk about the health of your arm. Exactly. What the fuck do you, do you play video games? Like what, what is it, what do you not do? I I I don't wanna bring it up 'cause I said it last time, man. But it's just, I'm still in recovery 'cause I had a heart attack a year ago, you know? Oh, So I'm right. Yes. Right. You're unbelievably unhealthy. Have you ever thought about like lifting something? Well, I'm gonna get into that now 'cause I am under the weight that I want it to be.


Like, I wanted to stay at 1 65 and I'm 1 56 completely the, you know, dyslexic. So typical. Typical. So Puerto Rican to try to get in the Welter Wade division. Hey, I have to make weight before I can start lifting dudes And that I can fucking rape some dudes. Dude. La Mer. I bet he has abs. Let's see. I bet you compared to you, he has abs. La Mer. All right, here we go. Oh, fucking disgusting Ladies and gentlemen. Absolutely. His stomach looks like your face. Yeah. Oh my God. So Marvin, how long you been doing standup? 14 years, man.


14 fucking years. Yeah. That's why I felt bad. I was real mad at myself last time I dropped the ball. I'm like, I ain't doing it tonight. No. Hell no. I mean, you barely held onto the ball tonight. Yeah. You, you drop it. But You know, I meant throwing the interview. 'cause last week I was, last time I was weird as shit. So I wanna be at least, you know, positive, weird today. Okay. Yeah. All right, well you're still in it right now, so be careful 'cause there's nothing weirder you can do than talk about how weird it could be right now in the interview. Whoa. There it is. Fucking dirt, er. Alright, Marvin, tell me something crazy about your life that I didn't find out last time we were on. You've had some time to think about it. Yeah, man.


It's funny you keep saying I'm outta shaded for shit. I used to actually wrestle like backyard rust and shit, so, okay. What was your, were you like a Lucia door or something? Did you wear a mask? No, I was, I was a hardy, you know what I mean? I tried to be like a hardy boy and shit. But I was doing, I was doing, I was doing LA Mayor. What do you think about this? You jump off a roof? Yeah. If there was one, it was like, since I was in the Bronx doing this shit, so we was doing it in like playground, so I kind of jumped off that little hot, that little hu house shit that got the slides and stuff. I know swanton bombs off of that shit. You know what I mean? Like onto the concrete rubber mats, you know, the ones that be burning in 90 degrees. You gotta throw water on that bitch before you lose hairs on your arm and shit. Like, Okay.


All right. See the, the people are relating down there. Yeah. They call It. Yeah. You were more of a hardy essay. All right. All right. La Mer will now swallow the incredible Hulk glove in one swallow. Like it's a pill. There you go. Shove it in that La Mer. Alright, Marvin, you got little joke books right? Last Time. Yeah, That's right. And that, there you go. It remains the same. Yeah, It was good. It was good. You did the trick where you talk really, really, really, really, really, really fast and then the fucking crowd went wild. But the tricks, you know, it's a trick. You know that you've been doing it 14 years.


Yeah. You know that that gets an applause break based on principle. Not exactly, because it's hilarious. Anybody could memorize that. Ramble it off. There you go. Yeah, there it is. There he goes. Marvin, Izzy. Hey, Look at the silent crowd. Like, wait, we got tricked. Yeah, you did. Yeah, you did. That's an old trick haven. It happened to me. Didn't have, Can I just say though, what? My next one, I will be invited to the secret show. Okay. I can't Repeat this, my promise. Alright, may I make a suggestion? Grow a fat pair of tits. Alright. Red band books his show in a very specific way. La la me's there every week.


Good. Ola la me. Alright, this looks like a new name. Thank God. Let's meet 'em all together. Make some noise for RJ Maegan. Everybody. RJ McKean here. He's, So I signed up from Bumble about a month ago and I met this chick on there and she was a big Texas Longhorn fan. So we went to the basketball game together and she kept yelling, hook 'em horns, hook 'em horns. So at the end of the night, I fucked her in the butt and I fish hooked her and I was like, hook 'em horns, hook 'em horns. But I like hot chicks. But you know, I like hot chicks.


But I have a gay twin brother and his name is Tommy. And when I go to bars and I meet a hot chick, I say, oh, hey Queen. Hey queen. Oh, I love your hair, your, your tits feel so good. And we become best friends and at the end of the night, I tell 'em I lost my keys. I don't have anywhere to stay. And they let come back with them because I'm gay and I won't try anything. Then we get back to their house, we take a bunch of shots and then RJ comes out, me and I fuck the living shit outta them. Wow. First let's check in with LUIS J GOMEZ.


I can't even look at you right now. Lewis, can I, I'm Irish. I'm Irish. Tony, can I, can I offer you some Ketamine? Okay. La Mer. Oh, I'm speechless. Thank you. They forgot about my joke. Yeah, Rj, you are incredibly unfunny. Let's talk about it. Oh, okay. That's what this show's all about. All different shapes, sizes. I pull a new name out for the first time tonight. You come out just guns a blazing.


Absolutely. Hey Tony. I'm only GaN Monday. Okay. So What Also, you guys have the same fucking voice. Yeah. Well, but he, he actually, he's actually shaped like a man. So it's more embarrassing for him. Rj, were you raised by women? Why? Why do you sound like that? I'm from Seattle. Okay. What else? Let me ask you this. Do you see your gay brother when you look in the mirror? It's my alter ego to pick up women. Tony. Okay, rj. Oh my God. How long have you been doing standup comedy? I'm new. So how long have you been doing it? You fucking retard.


So, so I had a, I just got divorced. My ex-wife was a redhead. And RJ how long have you been doing standup comedy? One month. One month. One Month. How often have you done it? You do it once a week. Twi five. I've Done it like, I've three weeks I've been here. I've done it 10 times, so. Okay. And you thought you were ready for this? I think I am. Okay. Wow. Okay. How old are you rj? I'm 39. 39. What do you do for work? I own a semi trailer rental company in Omaha, Nebraska. Okay. Omaha rules. Yeah. Alright.


I used to own a big trucking company, but I worked 70 hours a week and it was too much for me. So I quit that. I met some rich motherfuckers in Nebraska and they started a semitrailer rental company with me. So why'd you put the blacks in on motherfuckers? You didn't have it. Is it because I related to you? I Don't Exactly. Yeah, we're all related. Blacks and Irish are like the same, you know, same race, you know? No. Why? How what do you mean? What do you mean? If you're gonna say that, you have to follow it up with a fucking thing. Well, okay, So I was watching this World War II documentary the other week, and I got so Happy. Yes. We all know about the blacks versus the Irish world. I got so happy.


I couldn't believe Hitler was gonna put the Nazis or the Irish in the master race. And I was like, what the fuck? No one's ever believed in the Irish before and the British, they've treated us like shit for thousands of years. So when the Nazis were fighting the British, I was rooting for the fucking Nazis. I was like, Elon, Elon Boo. Nazis, but up the, Am I right rj? Has somebody told you that you're funny Ever? Anything like that? What exactly, this is like red band trying to get in the NBA right now. Like this is what, what are you doing in this industry? Okay, well I got a lot of pain from my ex-wife divorcing me. So I moved here. Okay, let's stop right there.


Okay. Your ex-wife may have been onto something here. Yeah. Okay. Well she was a redheaded. And you know what a redheaded wife gets you when you're a successful businessman? Lots of anal sex. And for the first year of her marriage, we had anal sex. RJ get take this fucking little joke book. Get the fuck outta here, RJ McKean. And here we go. Tony this no RJ no handshakes. Go, go look at the touch people is a fucking consolation prize. LUIS J GOMEZ. This rules. Yeah. I love when they're bad. It's so fun. Yeah, It is.


It's part of the show. That's I I we love it. We fucking love it. Look at this. He wasn't an Irish by the, look at this retard trying to go in between tables to get back to his seat. It's no real. That's not really the path to take. Hell yeah. I love it. No, you're good. I love it. Everyone's retarded tonight. Make some noise for your next bucket poll. He goes by the name of Matt Sargent. Everybody. Matt Sarge. Are we having fun tonight? Huh? Ah, holy fuck. What's up bitches?


Woo. I'm talking to all the, the, the 14 women here in this fucking sausage fest. This is, this is cool. Anybody here from Austin, three of the most boring fucking people you've ever met in your goddamn life. This city makes me wanna kill myself. I would've already drowned myself in Lady Bird Lake if it weren't for the fact that anybody that finds my dead body is just gonna assume that it's a gay one. Hey. It's like it's one of 'em floating queers. He's floating. Face down. Look at 'em.


Oh, thank God this is going better than I thought it would. Hell yeah. This place is fucking bright Jesus. So many ugly people. This is a very di Austin crowd, you know what I mean? It's very diverse crowd. Never seen so many different kinds of white people in my life. All right, well I guess that's all my time. My name's Matt Sargent. All right, Matt Sargent. You have some extra, extra stuff that doesn't even make sense. You have good jokes. I don't know why you're acknowledging how white the room you're literally, this is a black, a Puerto Rican, black Mexican, three Mexicans black, super white. Why do you keep saying that? Gray.


There's a gray guy. Hey, there's a fucking illegal immigrant right in front of you. Well Don, but he's with his dad, so it's okay. He's Mexican. Mexican Is his dad. Legal Don't make jokes. That's right. There's Mexicans everywhere. There's women everywhere. There's so many women in the crowd. You said there's lots of hot chicks here. 14 women here. They're the hot ladies in Austin. In between your jokes, you make stuff up and then talk about the lighting. I'm nervous. I don't know. I Yeah, yeah, You don't have to be. Look at your hair. God, I wish you told me that. 50 days. How could you be nervous with fucking hair like that? That's absolutely incredible. Good hair on top of my head. And then I got a lot on my ass.


So I think that's a, that's A personal issue. Okay. Prove it. Absolutely not. Uhoh. This is a nice belt buckle. I'm not unbuttoning this for nobody except Mr. Tony HINCHCLIFFE here. All Right. What Matt, what are, what are you into exactly? I got real incel vibes when you came out and called it a sausage fest with an average amount of women in the audience. No, I Just thought it was a kind of a easy jazz. I see a lot of glasses in here connected to a lot of weird looking dudes faces. You say now you're calling out glasses. 'cause you see what, 1, 2, 3 guys with glasses. How many do you see? What's with you in numbers? You Freaking out? It's actually a less, I would say that the amount of glasses that I'm seeing right now is less than the average amount of glasses on humans and a normal setting.


You, you, you keep doing this thing where it's like, God, is everyone wearing a plain white t-shirt tonight? I mean, that's so crazy. Whoa. I didn't realize I was at the Beard Factory. Everybody's got a beard. Whoa. What is this? A redhead convention. Wacky. They thought no, nothing that you're saying in between your jokes is even true. Probably not. But I was gonna say that you freak me out because you talk like Bradley Cooper in the, in the movie where he takes that drug. What's it Called? You should know your references before you fucking try 'em in front of millions of people. People it in. It's limitless. I was gonna say, Let's check in with Lamar. Shut the fuck cop. I'm, doesn't it look like he sings Mariachi at Whataburger?


A joke, a pure clean joke. I almost forgot what it's like when those happen here. You do look like you sing. Do you know how to sing? No. Do you know how to do something other than standup comedy? You a talented guy. I can jerk off on cocaine. Very well. I You do a lot of cocaine? Not a lot. I just, almost every other time it ends up like gooning. So It ends up what? You know what that is? There's no way you Don't Every other time it ends up what It ends up in. Gooning, Gooning, Gooning. You know what that Means? Never heard of it. You know, I don't know what it means. So why don't you explain it? I'm sorry. Okay. How many times are you gonna, you know what it means?


I, God, why is, is everybody terrible tonight? Are you gonna let me explain gooning? I it's jerking off on math or Cocaine. It's a fucking attitude on this guy. Are you gonna let me explain it now that I said, you know what it is five times. What a wretched fucking bucket we've had tonight so far. It's still just me being nervous. I don't know when to talk. Oh, I'm nervous. Oh, maybe I'm nervous too. Huh? You ever think that maybe the pressure of doing over 700 fucking episodes that everybody watches and I'm to up it everything? Maybe I'm fucking nervous. Huh? Can I use that Excuse you fucking pussy, But your microphone's just gold. You know what I mean? Like, oh, Oh.


How is he gonna keep it original? How, how With 700 epics to say it's a fucking bucket of people. What's he gonna do to keep it fucking original? Look, there's people leaving as we speak. There's people walking out. This isn't what I paid for. What do you think about what are you ever hear me acknowledging the pressure on me? No. No. You're god damn right. You ever hear me going, God, night to show Bright tonight. Oh, why is the place filled with blacks? Can you, alright, Matt, take a breath. Tell us about your life. What makes you different? What, what, what, what's happened to you?


Well, that, that's such a loaded question. But By easy fucking setup, you are correct. Yeah. That I appreciate the layup dream Question for anybody else. I, I don't know. Like I, I dropped outta college and then I went to tech school and then now I'm here. You know what I mean? How do you make money? Usually a me thing. How do you make money? I sell boots Where I, I don't think I should say where I sell boots at. You sell Booth. They're on, they're on South Congress. It's a bar. It it's not a bar. It's a boot store. It's like a high-end. You sell Boots. Boots. Okay. I'm sorry. I got kinda lingo. I thought He said booths. Yep. Booze. Yeah. I, I, boots, Boots.


It was my, it was the third pick. I am with Lewis on this. I had booths and booze ahead of it. I took a chance, went with Booth. Turns out it was boots. Have you ever thought about learning how to pronounce what you sell? Boots Very good. Alright. Are you good at it? They haven't fired me yet and it's been, you know, eight months. So I think I'm doing Alright. Do you ever, you ever get nervous when you're selling boots? Absolutely. Sometimes it's famous people. Can you sell Tony a pair of boots right now? Yeah. That's a great, great, great point. La Mer. Alright. I like boots. Sell me some boots. Here I come. I'm riding up.


Oh, howdy. Whoa. Down. Settle down boy. Settle down. You get down. I'm gonna slap that ass. Get over here. You fucking crazy horse. Howdy buddy. Hey, you up into nowhere. I can find some boots around here. Well, you rode this horse into this boot store. I figured you knew and you came in A lot of fucking attitude from you. Jesus Christ. It seems like you do nothing but complain and find the negative things in everything. What size, what size shoe are you, Tom?


14. There's, there's no goddamn way. You're a size 14. Tony, My friend. There's no way I've seen people the size of Shaquille O'Neal with size 12. EE There's no way you're a 14. Well, well, well, let's just say me and my horse have something in common. Relax buster. Anyway, since you wanna argue about the size, can you sell me something? What do you, what do you what what are they more expensive? The bigger they are? The Big No, it's, it's all availability of like rare leathers. You know, You're Actually worse at selling boots than you are at comedy.


That's crazy. So do you have any boots available? Of course I do. And LUIS J GOMEZ is a hater and that's why he smokes. What cigar is that? Oh my God. What are you doing bro? Focus. Sell me fucking boots. You fucking idiot. I'm sorry. Yeah, Tony, I wish this guy a boot scooting boogie off his head. I think you're right. And you know what I decided? I don't need boots. I'm gonna wear high heels for the rest of my life. There you go. There he goes. And he drops the book. Ladies and gentlemen, you can't blame him.


The lights are bright. He's nervous. Let the mic stand over there. Heidi, can you grab this mic stand and put it in the right place for us?


This podcast is sponsored by Voodoo Ranger Mini Rippers. Guess what? The best beer on the market just got a whole lot better. Mini rippers are mini cans, voodoo Rangers, highly drinkable Juice force IPA or traffic force IPA. These mini cans deliver a quick impactful hit at about 9.5% alcohol by volume and are great for moderation, storage, portability, and convenience. Red band Tony, I love video Ranger mini ripper. Ah, you need to try them. If you like your beer staying cold to the last six plus the mini sites makes the perfect pocket beer. It's a 10 outta 10 for me, Tony. Whoa. Whoa. Well, sounds like we have another one. Ah, that's right. Red band. From here on out, it's mini Can full throttle because Voodoo Ranger mini rippers are the new go-to beverage to start your night with a bang. Seriously, these mini cans are fun, portable, and pack a hell of a punch. There's nothing worse than drinking a humongous beer and then feeling like you ate a loaf of bread. Find them nearby@voodooranger.com.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by V Nile. Consider this your official notice the mother's day's past approaching Sunday. The 11th of May is the day for all the moms in our lives to show them how much we care this year. Go for a gift that ignites her smile and maybe even triggers a few tears with a special piece of jewelry from blue nile.com. Not a rake or a broom. That's Blue Nile amazing jewelry@bluenile.com. Blue Nile. You'll find thousands of independently graded diamonds and find jewelry pieces of prices below your expectations as the original online jeweler. Since 1999, peace of Mind comes with every Blue Nile purchase. Thanks to some of the highest quality standards in the jewelry industry. Compliment mom's classic taste by designing a one of a kind diamond pendant or ace of piece With brilliant style with a classic tennis bracelet. You need to know more about a particular piece. Well, blue Nile's jewelry experts are waiting twenty four seven via phone or chat From Tech Specs to budget Rex, they'll help you find a piece your mother will love. Red Band Tony, I love Blue Nile. They make such classy pieces at an affordable price point. It's so easy to purchase amazing jewelry from their website. I think I'll get my mom a hard dime in this Mother's Day. Oh my goodness, that's so nice of you. So thoughtful red band. Your gift will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside and in most cases even delivered overnight. And wave goodbye to buyer's remorse because Blue Nile also offers 30 day returns on a diamond price match guarantee. So treat Mom right this Mother's Day. Enjoy the ease and convenience of shopping Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to blue nile.com today. That's blue nile.com.


Alright, let's do this. Let's change the tone in this room a little bit. Let's get a veteran of the game up here. An absolute superstar. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a brand new minute from the one and the only great and powerful. This is Cam Patterson. Yeah. Yeah. I, I learned something about myself recently. I shouldn't be allowed to go to weddings. That's not a good thing for me. I, I went to my cousin wedding this weekend and I cussed out the made of honor. She was a bitch. She deserved it though. Because like, listen, understand something. My, my cousin's wedding, all the groomsmen were my cousins and my friends.


I knew my whole life. Right. And I didn't get to hang out with them the whole time. I wasn't really in the wedding. So when we started eating and stuff like that, I finished eating early. I went go talk to my cousins who was sitting at the groomsmen and the, the bridesmaids table, right. And the, the maid of honor called me over and she was like, Hey, can you come here real quick? We're all over here eating and you kind of bothering us, so can you come back later? And then I, I was very confused. So I said, respectfully, get the fuck out my face. Right. And then a fat bitch came out. It's always a fat bitch around somewhere. She came out and she was like, Hey, hey, who the fuck even is he? And I went, bitch, Google me right.


The coolest shit I've ever said in my life, dog. And then I walked outside, I was like, hell yeah. But I had to make sure I was goog boo first. Right? So then I googled myself and it came up Cam Patterson. I was cool but I scrolled a little bit. And then it said, cam Patterson the worst comedian of all time. I said, wait a minute, bitch, don't Google me ho and don't do that at all. And then later that night I found out that it was kind of mad at me. 'cause I may have, may or may not have said I slapped the fuck at you bitch. And listen, hear me out. Understand something. I never said nothing like that. But if I did, I fucking meant it. Oh, I been camp out. Think y so much. Hell yo. Boom Cam Patterson.


You went to a wedding, huh? Yeah. Yeah. It was Cool. I hate weddings. It was pretty stupid. I really cussed that bitch out too. Yeah. Fuck that hoe dumb ass bitch. It pissed me the fuck off dog. It really made me angry, man. Yeah, it was uncalled folks. Stupid fucking whore. People get outta line at weddings. She Was tripping. Bro. Like I don't even know who that bitch was. Right. Dumb ass bitch. Fat girls at weddings. If fat girls at weddings, it's like, it's like I don't even know what it's, it's like a, I want eat real bad. Goof at I, I should have slapped that. I don't hit women. But if I was a bitch, I would've beat, I would've beat the fuck out that hole. I'll tell you that much. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. If I was a bitch I'd beat her ass. But I'm not fat girls at weddings, they get angry.


That's angry. 'cause they're never really gonna, you know that's, yeah. Nobody Want that big ass bitch. Yeah. They're just always gonna be watched. Nobody Want that fat ass goof ass bitch. Hope you looking at this shit too. Bitch, you dirty ass fat ass fucking bitch. I'm starting to think that Cam beat the shit outta this girl. He Said it way too many times that he didn't No. Didn't do it. I wanted to. I didn't do it though. I didn't do it. I don't hit women. Also on the having sex with fat ladies thing. Let's not speak for everybody. No, I fucking a fat bitch. We talking bitch Irv. We talking this before I fucking a fat bitch. Oh yeah. Campbell definitely. Fuck a fat bitch. I Would've fucked that fat bitch. She was nicer. I would've fucked her. Hell Yeah. I mean Lamar, she shooter Got some Dick Lamar you are one beard shave away from Cam fucking you per, no, wait A minute.


Not far off. Not gonna hold you. Y'all do Not far off. Hit it from behind. Grab that little ponytail of his Oh pony. Oh, I know. I do Look like a auntie without a beard. What? You have a beard? Yeah. Okay. So Cam, what else happened? Whose wedding was this? One of? One of your cousins? Yeah, cousin. I was, I was the next guest. Like I, My cousin Tron was there. That was cool. So This was a black Wedding? Yeah. Black and hill. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Wow. I've never been to a black wedding. That's wild Black. And she, What are black weddings like? Have you ever been to a white wedding? I never been to. That was my first wedding.


Never. It's like a Public park or what? Well, Where's your sound effect? Gimme your, that Was good. Gimme your sound effect. Where's it at? You know where it is? There it is. Turn it up. Red band with barely a voice tonight. The allergies are affecting him. Does that stop him? Does he complain about the bright lights? Does he acknowledge the people in the room? No. He plants his feet and he says the racist joke.


It was at a party. It was, Let's talk about it. Have you noticed a smoke detector going off in your apartment? What Do you hear that you don't hear anything? Do you? Whatcha talking about? Do you hear anything? That Was a piano. That was a piano right there. No it wasn't. Do you hear anything Cam? No. You gotta hear it. Wait, do it again. Do it again. No La Mer trying to defend his entire race right now. No, don't look at his finger. Look out straight and see if you hear anything. Did you hear something? What was, what Do you think that is?


A cricket? He thinks there's a cricket outside. Say shit. No. Don't you? That wouldn't be Alright. What is that other noise? Is that you? No, that's me. Okay guys. Bam. So hold on. Why do you think it is the black men don't notice smoke detector alarms when they need to be replaced? This is a mission that I'm trying to find out on this episode. We're trying to solve the world's problems. Why do you think you heard a cricket and everyone else hears a smoke detector alarm going off?


I don't know man. You don't really need them at your house for real. Okay. Can you repeat that? Can you repeat that one more time? You don't really need a smoke detector. For real. You don't need one. If you Smoke inside, it's kinda gonna fuck up the house. You know what I'm saying? It's gonna do its job too good. You know what I'm saying? So you never replace it. It's genius. Is this true La Mer? Is this the reason? I agree. Tony. I recently had to take down three of my own fire alarms and there you have it. KILL TONY. Solving the world's issues. Absolutely incredible.


So your cousin got married. Now normally at weddings people get a little horny, they get a little worked up, they get some drinks in 'em. That write open bar. Was there an open bar? Hell yeah. And so what ended up happening? Did you notice people sneaking away in this? Yeah, My auntie tried to fuck my homeboy. That was weird. Okay. Yeah. My my auntie older. She Older. Your auntie is older. Like ballpark. Give us an age. She like 49. Oh shit. Yeah. Only in the black community. Do you have to clarify that your aunt is older than you. Yeah. That is a great point you guys. That's too dude. It's true. Puerto Ricans. It's true. I have, I have an aunt who's one year younger than me.


It's, it's also that way with Italian white trash. I can confirm. My mom and my oldest sister were pregnant at the same time. I am an uncle to a niece that I'm two months older than. This is reality auntie Old dude. Not old, but she older, you know what I'm saying? And she, she got drunk a lot. And my homeboy Omar, he a bigger dude. He, he like, he should be the NFL and shit. And I'm 25, he 26. And the whole time she was like, you have to call. I'm Uncle Omar soon. And that was making me angry because he wasn't moving. He was just standing there like letting her feel him and shit. And I couldn't beat him up. He was too big about too big. So you Had to punch that white fat chick in the face again. Oh It was a, it was a black.


It was a black fat chick. Nevermind. Well that's why you're not gonna hit her before she lost weight. That's what she was. Black fat ladies are undefeatable. What? There's no way they got good arm on. They been, they been picked on they whole life nigga. You know what I'm saying? They whole life dude. It's a strong bitch though. Strong bitch. They are Bad ass fucking bitch. And and dirty, sloppy fat bitch. Yeah. And they're loud, loud too. Am I right? Wait, Tony. Okie Dokie. Alright. The crowd didn't laugh or groan. They kind of just agreed like Yeah, yeah. They are loud. Like okay, it's a comedy show. Please. Just turned into a rally for half a second Cam, I love you.


You are the man. You went to a wedding and here you are talking. No matter where we're following his life in real time, the places he goes, the things he does, you're watching a comedian's process here every week. He fucking does it. Back to the bucket we go Ladies and gentlemen,


now this podcast is sponsored by Built Folks summers around the corner. And I'm already planning my next getaway. Maybe I'll go to Italy or Spain with my good buddy Red band. I love using points for travel and I'm always looking for more ways to earn. Here's a life hack pay Rent with Built to earn flexible transferable points and unlock exclusive benefits along the way. There's no cost to join just by paying rent. You unlock flexible points that can be transferred to your favorite hotels and airlines in future Rent Payment. Your next Lyft ride and more Red Band Tony Built is the best I love Built. It allows you to earn points at home in your neighborhood and on travel. When you pay rent through Built, you unlock two powerful benefits. First, you earn one of the industry's most valuable points on rent every month, no matter where you live or who your landlord is. Your rent now works for you. Second, you gain access to exclusive neighborhood benefits in your city. Built to neighborhood benefits are things like extra points on dining out, complimentary posts, workout shakes, free mats or towels at your favorite fitness studios and unique experiences that only built members can access. And when you're ready to travel, built points can be converted to your favorite miles and hotel points around the world. Meaning your rent can literally take you places. So if you are not earning points on rent, my question is what are you waiting for? Start paying rent through built and take advantage of your neighborhood benefits by going to join built.com/tony. That's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/tony. Make sure to use our your URL so they know we sent you Join built.com/tony to sign up for Built Today.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by Open Phone. You know if you're running a business, you know that every time you miss a call, you are leaving money on the table. When every customer conversation matters, you need a phone system that keeps up and helps you stay connected. That's why you need open phone. Open Phone is the number one business phone system that streamlines and scales your customer communications. It works through an app on your phone or computer. So no more carrying two phones or using a landline. Red Man. Tony, I love Open Phone. It's the best business phone system. Hands down with open phone, your team can share one number and collaborate on customer calls and texts like a shared inbox. That way any teammate can pick up right where the last person left off keeping response times faster than ever, huh? Plus, with AI powered call transcripts and summaries, you'll be able to automate follow ups, ensuring you'll never miss a customer interaction again. So whether you're a one person operation drowning calls and texts, or have a large team that needs better collaboration tools, open phone is a no-brainer. See why over 50,000 businesses trust open phone to manage their business' calls and texts. Open phone is offering our listeners 20% off of your first six months@openphone.com slash kelton. That's O-P-E-N-P-H-O-N e.com/kelton. And if you have existing numbers with another service, open phone will port them over at no extra charge. Open phone, no missed calls, no missed customers.


And tonight we are going to meet Matt Revis. Make some noise for Matt Revis. Everyone. Yo, what's up? My name's Matt guys. Yeah, I know you guys are looking at me right now. You guys are like, what is he? Yeah. My buddy said I look like orange chicken. Yeah. 'cause I look a little Asian, but I was definitely made by a couple Mexicans. It's true. I got like 30 of my cousins in the back of Panda Express right now. Yeah. I'm Mexican man. I used to be a simple man though growing up. I used to be a big butter face guy. Y'all remember those butter faces? Yeah. Everything's nice about her butter face. Not many of 'em out here in Austin.


Dude. All I see out here nowadays is damn butter apples. Y'all heard about them? Everything's nice about her butter. Adams apple? Yeah, I saw em the other day. I was like, what the fuck is this dude? I thought God was testing me. I was like, is this an Old Testament scripture? Am I supposed to kill it right now? I didn't know what to do man. Yeah, I was kind of turned on. I'm not gonna lie dude, this bitch was six foot, looked like Kim Kardashian, but her Adam's apple was the size of my knee cap. I was like, damn girl. You got three acls could at least gave him to Derrick Rose. Man, I appreciate it. I'm done. Ves doing jokes. I like it.


Orange chicken. Good one. Fuck yeah. Alright, well sideways five from LA Me to get things started. Hi Lamar. You wanna say something? We're kind of Bro. Oh, you know each other? Yeah, Just we kind big homie bro. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How do you guys know each other? Because he loves orange chicken. I see him in the drive through a lot. That's crazy. He get that shit right. It is wild how Asian you look. You have absolutely Asian eyes and no Asian in you whatsoever. No, man, I got little Japanese in me. Okay. Barely. Yeah, that's the eyes. It's The eyes. Yeah.


Yeah. The Strong 2% is your eyes. Yeah. And the hat Jon Deas points out that is how Japanese people wear hats normally when rolling dice in the squatting position. Yes, exactly. You know exactly what I'm talking about. What do you do for work, Matt? I work at a smoke shop here in in town. Okay. What, what do you just Yeah, it's, it's a smoke shop, soap pot and stuff like that. I get some wraps and stuff. Okay. It's a cool Spot. What kind of wraps do you prefer? Do you smoke blunts? Oof. I grown up, man. I used to be a big Swisher guy. You're not games now that you've grown up. How do you smoke Papers, man? Rolling. Regular white rolling papers. Regular Old white rolling papers.


Oh, there's a fan of regular joints there. Okay. Lewis, I, I like this guy. He's got a swag to him. Like I think the other comics bummed the audience out so much that he didn't do as well as he would've done. So I blame the other comedians for, You know, fucking, it's true. There's a lot of bucket pools that were struggling tonight. It is a real thing. There was a guy that said that Hook 'em horns gay brother. He was terrible. Remember Him. Remember that? You guys remember what we've been through? Okay. So there's 14 women in here. Like you could count really fast and see in the dark somehow he knew what everybody looked like and the glasses they were wearing.


But also it's overwhelmingly bright. I can't see, but I know what's going on out there. And then there's you, you've been doing jokes. How long you been doing standup? Three years. Three years. You go hard though, right? You do this a lot at nighttime? Yeah, A lot. Do you do that orange chicken joke differently sometimes. Do you try a different delivery system? Yeah, sometimes. But I've tried it multiple times. It's like the best, I mean, kind of the best way I figured out. Yeah. The way it works. But I try every now and then different. But It's a really, really good joke. I just don't, I, I'm not positive that I think there's, I I would Yeah. Yeah. You know what you're doing. Appreciate it. I've Just figure it out. Yeah, exactly. What else have you been talking about on stage lately?


What are some like premises and stuff? Man, the the trans women are crazy, man. Have you really run into one? Have you? No, I haven't. It's just interesting. It Just, everybody loves talking about trans women. It is very, very compelling. Subject nature. It's 'cause it's like your best friend could be a trans dude as asap. Like you could be a homie. You're the homie, right? You're the homie next. You know you're a chick. You got tits. Holy fuck. Okay. La Mer. Doesn't Matt look like DEI short round from Indiana Jones? Yeah. All right. There he does. There you go. Matt, what do you do for fun? What are some hobbies of yours or whatever?


I like to man. Hobbies. Dude, fuck. Play baseball. Shit. Like to play catch. I You play baseball? I did growing up. But you're An adult. I know. Fuck you playing baseball for? That's what I'm saying. Ask about hobbies. I do. I just do the Kind. When's the last time you played a game of baseball? Christ, Bro. Like eight years ago. Like, do you ever go out, do you go out in the city? Do you do anything? I go to bars, man. I get, I just hang out, talk to chicks at the bars, you know? How Do you talk to chicks? What's your opening line? You gotta I just, I just tell 'em I wrote for Dave Chappelle and they're like, oh yeah, cool. Fuck yeah. Is that true? No, I'm just kidding. Right? Yeah. That doesn't make any sense. No, that's Horrible. But seriously, like when you're at a bar talking to chicks, like, what would you say?


Would you be like, hello? Yeah, it'd be like hello. It depends on where we're at, right? Hold on. Pretend Tony's a girl. You're hitting on at a bar. Yeah. I'm I'm gonna come up on my Fuck. Hold on. I'm coming up to the bar. Here I come. Hold on a second. And here I come. Here I come. Here I come. Hold on. Okay, here we go. Oh Lord. He says fourteens are hurting today. Can't wait to get myself a naar spar in fucking chill out. Yeah. Oh. Howdy boy. How, how you doing there partner? Good, good.


You mind a guy like me? Just want to know what your shine was? Oh, I'm a You come off mine as a a Scorpio. You seem a little spicy. You know what? I, I am. Oh Yeah. I don't know how you guessed that. Oh wow. Who would've thought? Hey, What do you say? We jumped back on my horse. You want, you like it back there? You wanna ride in the front? Matt? Matt, come on, let's switch positions. Whoa, whoa. Oh, let's go Matt.


Yeah. Alright. Matt, what's the gayest thing you've ever done? I think it was that interaction. I'm not gonna lie, that was the gayest shit I've ever done. Come on, come on. What's the gayest shit you've ever done, Matt? That Dude, that was beautiful. I think we had like a real connection there. Ah, okay. It was pretty romantic, Tony. I was surprised I had it in me. I, you're kind of a step. What's your biggest regret in life? Matt? You have a regret, man. You ever man, wish you did something little. That interaction right there, man. Interac. Okay. Please let the fucking interview happen. Here we go. But Jesus Christ, there's a part sometimes where the guests realize that they can answer the question and get a very light laugh.


Alright. Biggest regret in your life? Matt? Revis. Man, Honestly, I wish I, I wish I graduated college, man. Okay. Why do you wish? I've never heard that one before. I, it, it's Honestly me. I'm a proud college dropout. I love the fact that I the fuck Out of that, but yeah, it's 'cause my mom, man, my mom, she just wanted me to graduate. That's the one thing she asked. Right. And I fucked up. Okay. How far into college did you get? I was like three years. Three years in. Oh wow. That's pretty fucking deep. Yeah, I was deep. Took like a lot money deep. And how much do you owe still? Fuck bro. Like, probably like 50 k, 50,000, 50 of 'em. Dollars. And imagine there's some victims In here Working at a smoke shop.


Some victims, like I've been there Working at a smoke shop that's gonna take a long time. Absolutely. You didn't take care. Take advantage of that Biden shit. Like where they just threw it all away. Yeah, Biden totally did that. My fiance just got it. $40,000. I always hear those stories from like white people. That's crazy. You know, I'm just kidding. She's Asian. She's Asian. Oh fuck Yeah. Maybe if you just show them your eyes. Matt, you've been on this show before. What kind of joke book did you get then? I Got a small one. You know what, Matt? Just 'cause the fucking a good interview. An orange chicken. You're the first big joke book of the night buddy.


Congratulations. Appreciate y'all man. Orange Chicken Matt Rivas, Ladies and gentlemen. And onward we go. You guys having a good time out there? How many of you like it when comedians do good on this show? How many of you like it when comedians do bad on this show? Well then you must be having a good old time. Ladies and gentlemen. Your next bucket pool goes by the name of Tim Stifler. Everybody. Tim Stifler. Here Comes Tim. Everyone make some noise for Tim. Everybody Just before I hop into my minute, I gotta do a quick ad read.


Oh, s BetterHelp really depressed. I'm just gonna get the other one outta the way and then I'm gonna hop into my minute. Do you guys like pets? Come to pedophiles.


Okay, I'm gonna hop into my minute. There you go. Tim Stifler. There you go. Alright. Hi Tim. Well, oh, you're clapping for yourself. I like it. I've literally never seen that before. That's incredible. 700 plus episodes. Oh My God. And little did I know that it was even possible. I thought I've seen it all. And then I turn around and there you are. And you, you're having a good old time. Tim, welcome to the show. How long have you been doing standup? Just a little over two years. Little over two years. Where at? I started in San Diego for nine months and then I here for the rest.


How long have you lived here? A little over a year. Year, okay. Yeah. Perfect. What do you do for work? So I was in advertising and then I quit that. And now, I mean, I'm starting a comedy club, so I Just had the lease. You're opening your own comedy club? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Congratulations. Thanks. I love that. That's smart. Thanks. That's fucking, that's a great way to do it. Yeah. It's called the Sunset Strip two. Oh, brilliant. Brilliant marketing. Brilliant marketing. I was just Gonna say, it's a bad idea. Don't do it. Yeah. It's not the highest ceilings, even higher than you are. You, are you really starting your own comedy stuff? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. For Real. How, what, what, where are you at in the process? So it took us six months to find the place. Finally found the place.


We're in the negotiations back and forth for the actual contract, the leasing contract. Did you inherit a bunch of money? How do you plan on buying a comedy car? I owned an ad agency and then I got bought out because I found standup and just got too obsessed with that.


Speaking of ads, you were talking about being depressed and you mentioned a a, a another company. But I wanna remind everyone that Talkspace is actually the licensed provider is right for your needs. Typically within 48 hours, you can also switch providers at no extra cost. It makes getting help convenient because you can take your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it up between sessions by sending messages to your therapist. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month at Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash tony enter, enter promo code space eight zero to match with a license therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter our promo code space eight zero to get $80 off your first month and show your sport for the show. Tony. I love Talkspace. Yeah, Yeah, me too. It's important to remember that Talkspace is the place to go.


Yeah. No other companies my Be Club across the street from the sunset. No, no, no, no, no, No. There's another club being built across from your club that's opening up. Wow. This Is so fun. Are you serious? This is amazing. Yeah. Fuck. I'm telling you. It's a bad idea, dude. No. Yeah, There's like a hundred comedy clubs here. That's, yeah. Well that's what happens when here. What am doing? It's the live comedy capital. I am So nervous. I didn't know, not know to be this nervous. Let me tell you something. Let me just cut you off. Relax for a second. Let me talk. Just let me talk. Sorry. Yep. A lot of people have been nervous tonight. No one has handled it better than you. Everyone's nervous. How could you not be nervous? I would be nervous for this show. And it's my show.


If I got pulled outta the bucket, I go, oh fuck. I thought it was gonna be fine. But yeah, no, thank you. Thank you for saying that. What's up guys? What is going on over there? Everybody's freaking out tonight. He just saw stop handling it well in front of our very eyes. Yeah. This is a small stage. I, I didn't realize it was gonna be That's, it's always, everything is smaller. Everything is smaller than you think the fucking fuck you. Jesus Christ. All right. There's literally an audience member that's like, I can do it. I can do this. Like bucket pools have been so rough. There's people trying to be funny from the crowd. Okay, very Good. He's got a funny face. That guy. Okay, Stick with, stick with me over here. Jesus fucking Christ.


This is crazy. What's going on in here tonight? Bad. How tall are you? 'cause you are adorable. Oh, thanks man. You 2, 5 10 probably You're not five 10. Yeah, you're right. I think with these fucking combat boots, I'm like five 11 probably. No, for real. It's time for the tape measure. Ladies and gentlemen. There is an absolute 0% chance that he's five 11. There is no way that he's five 10 without the boots on. You're about to catch a man in a lie. Everybody Yoni has the tape measure.


What do you think of this, Tony? This is one of those moments that you'll never forget for the rest of your life. Yoni, make sure that it's nice and level there at the bottom. 5, 9, 5 9, 5 9 In the boots. We're gonna call it five seven without the boots. And now back to the point that you are adorable. Little squeaky devil. You oh man. 5 10, 5 11 in the combat boots. Holy shit, dude. Damn. What do you think? This is your dating profile. You think you can just catfish the world with humans looking directly at you?


I Just, I I'm fucking six. Six. What do you expect, Tony? Life ain't easy looking down upon everyone all the time. Have you always thought you were five 11 by the No, there's no fucking way. No 5, 5 10. But I was like, these, you know, have some girth. So I thought maybe like five. I don't know. What The fuck are you talking about? Holy shit. Fuck bad dude. My what's your love life like? Nothing really going on right now. That's 'cause you're a liar. You're a catfish. Yeah. That's my damn, you're A fisherman. Yeah. No. So when's the last time you were in a relationship? I had a really quick crazy thing like a month ago that Was like, yeah, when you say a quick crazy thing, let's take a breath and tell me what you mean by that.


She's probably gonna watch this and that's fine. That's wasted breath and time right there. Let's talk about what happened. So I, this girl, this has never happened to me. This girl slid into my dms like literally never happened. And I was like, what the fuck? And I looked at her and I was like, oh shit, she's pretty hot and ex model. I was like, what the fuck? And then I met up with her and she was cool. And like we vibed probably the most passionate crazy week. And then really irresponsibly we're just like, yeah, let's get in a relationship. And then immediately after that she just like, was nuts.


Like she just, Okay, here we go. So let's take it one beat at a time here. Passionate week meaning like, she comes over to your place, we hang out Every night And you every night you're having all out unprotected sex. Am I correct? Yeah. Yeah, That's right. Very good. The cat fisherman caught a dolphin and there you are. Passionate, unprotected sex. Your betty eye contact cover, eye contact. Who doesn't love that? One of them? Look at the ladies getting wet in their panties at that part. Who needs sex when you have straight eye contact? Unbelievable. Are you sure it wasn't a dude you homo?


No, I'm kidding. Eye contact's gay. That's gay dude. And I would know. Yeah. Alright, so when you say after a week, first of all, let's talk about how you introduced relationship into this. Were you like, man, I fucking love you. Yeah, It was my, I didn't, I didn't say love, but I did say, yeah, we should do a relat and I'm, I'm 35. I'm older. Yeah, so she was like 26 And that was super irresponsible. Yeah. Louis loves bad decisions. He gets a applause break for bad decisions. It's not a bad decision. It's a young hot babe.


What? What? It's a young hot babe. What is he supposed To do? Yeah, what could go wrong? Pancreatitis. Okay. Red pan. Jesus Christ. Okay. Alright. So when you say things start to get a little crazy, what do you mean you're allowed to talk about it. It's your life. No, this show, everyone does a minute and then it's a fucking interview. You're being interviewed on a podcast.


No one knows what questions they're gonna get. You're not under any crazy circumstance. I'm saying this for her when she's watching. This is all, you just have to be honest at this point. No, honestly, fuck her. She's like, Oh, okay. Well you didn't have to say that. That's crazy to say. You may have been the crazy one and now I'm on her side. Okay. When she started getting a little crazy or things got a little crazy. What do you mean? Give us a, give us the first thing that happened. Not the most extreme thing we will get there. The first where you, where you notice like, ah, shit. Like was there something you didn't like about her? Like she has like a weird like butthole or something? No, no. She had a normal butt hole.


You almost, you almost stopped a butt there. And I was gonna repeat that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very specific. Sometimes it's, sometimes there's things, yeah, There was a hole for sure. Yeah. That's what you need. Just needs to be a whole For sure. A hundred percent. That wasn't weird. I think the, the weirdest the The, the beginning of weird. Okay, the beginning of weird was she like, I'll cook for you. And then she like burnt the pancakes. It wasn't, it wasn't that exciting. It was actually kind of sad. Like she, she, that night she like had a panic attack and she's, you know, like all of a sudden it was, it was like gone girl. She was perfect and then, yeah. Oh yeah. And then once it like happened, it was like She didn't take her meds to your place, did she?


No. Probably not. Right. And I don't judge that. That's totally cool. Totally cool. And if you ever run out, remember Talkspace talk and if that doesn't work, try some Voodoo Ranger. And if you lose your job, go to ZipRecruiter. Okay, let's go back to the fun here. Okay. Scott has a panic attack. Did you guys smoke weed? Is there something that onset the panic attack? No, she was like, she was like, I told you this was gonna happen. And I was like, no you didn't. What are you talking about? Oh my God, I genuinely almost spit coffee all over the front. You can thank me later.


You two. It was so close. The I told you this was gonna happen is nuts. What day was it when she said, Hey, just to let you know, there might be a part where I fucking go fucking crazy. That by the way, that would've been the moment that would've been the answer to the actual question. The answer to the actual question was at some point a couple days in maybe even the first night. When do you think she told you that? She, I don't think she did at all. Oh, you just weren't listening. You were fucking, you were busy with that eye contact. Just fucking Oh. Oh fuck yeah. Dad. My name's Tim Stiffler. Dude, look, I'm out of the advertising agency.


I'm getting in the comedy club game once these negotiations, more eye contact. Alright, so she warned you. She says that she warned you. La Mer. What do you think about this? I was just gonna say eye contact sex kind rules. La Mer. You're fucking weird. La Mer. You are a psycho. La Mer is lose. La Mer is using this appearance on this show to try to find, get a woman to fall in love with him. Look, I just believe in a woman president and eye contact during sex It rules. Look, we all love eye contact during sex, but yeah, the way, well you can't say eye contact during sex. It just happens. You can't be like, oh, my favorite part of the sex was the eye contact.


No, it's the wet pussy with a dick moving back and forth. God dammit, I'm sick of all this bullshit and my wet pussy. I mean wet butthole. And he looks back at you and you say, sir, I love you sir. What does this show become? Alright. So she, so so it's a panic attack. What type of panic attack is this? Is this is this. She's sweating, she's laying down. Is it like she Was sweat, she was wet for sweat, right? Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. We were, we were, we were in the shower and then, well, I mean, she should be wet in the sh Okay.


You know, that was, Yeah, you were in the shower and what happened? And then she yeah, just was like, I freaking out. Oh Shit. And then How long did that last? And you tried taking care of her because you're like, we're in a relationship. I was like, Cool, what's going on? And then she you're Still trying to fuck. You're like, whoa. It's cool man. Don't worry. Hey babe. No, it's All good. Hold on. Let's use some of these tears. Lubricant. Fuck at it. I'm fucking Tim Stiffler. That's your actual name. Stiffler, but Oh. Oh, it's Sieler. It's all Good. Oh boy. Sieler, you barely knew her. Literally. Yeah, barely knew her. Alright, so she says she's, that she's freaking out.


And then what happens? I mean, we got through it and then there were, you know, then it was like every day and she was just like, yeah, this is how periods work. But then the period like never ended kind of, right? Yes. It was like, it was, you know, it was more Like an exclamation Point. Yeah, it was for sure. Right. And you were like, I'll fix her. Like this hot model. The only reason she's with me, there has to be a reason why she's single. Yeah. And how long did that last, The period? Sure. What you, what Like the relationship? Yeah. It was like maybe two more weeks, a week and a half after that.


Okay. So how did you let her know that you were no longer interested? Was it ever the same after that panic attack? No, it just kept getting worse. Right? Like, yeah, she like, definitely lied about breaking into my apartment while I was gone. Oh, Within a three week span. She broke into your apartment Once? Yeah. Then she started dating other comics after we broke. Oh. Oh, after. Well, yeah, that makes sense. The breaking, explain to us how she broke into your apartment. She, okay, so I, I left for a trip. She was the only one that had, you know, access to the apartment. And then she said that she went in there and there was like a Whataburger bag and like all this shit.


And there was nobody else besides her that could have been in there. Like, there's just nobody. Wait Minute you gave her access to your apartment? Yeah, but she, that's not breaking in. You fucking idiot. You gave her the keys to your apartment. A stranger you let into your apartment who had panic attacks in the shower. That is completely on you. Well, well, she said somebody else broke into the apartment and then left all this stuff and made a mess. And then, okay. I, this is gonna make me sound like such a fucking psycho. Yes. I, I love this. Don't stop, stop. I never, I never lock my apartment. Yes. I never do it. I just am a very trusting boy and Wow.


And by the way, that's San Diego, everybody. San Diego. I never lock it, never lock my apartment in a, you know, like has a gate. So I just What's your address exactly? Yeah. What size television screen do you have? And then yeah, so I dunno, I I I never lock it. And then somebody, sorry, I don't know what I'm saying anymore. I I never, I never lock it. Nobody's ever broken in. I've been there for the entire time that I've been here and then when I'm gone and she's the only one that like has access all of a, somebody for Okay. Yeah, that's fair. That's right. What were you gonna say? Yeah, I mean, it's, it's not that interesting.


I don't No, go Ahead. Finish it. Yeah, I mean, she's the only, the only person that could have actually gone in was her. That's right. Yeah. Sorry, I'm a bad storyteller. No, you were a great storyteller. Your interview lasted 17 and a half minutes. It was fantastic. Thank you. Clap for yourself, Tim. Congratulations. There's a big joke book. What's the name of the comedy club gonna be? Tim Dumb. It's Gonna be good. It's gonna be called Dumb Comedy Club. Dumb Dumb Comedy Club. Everybody. You can't even make it up. It's actually a pretty cool name.


Ladies and gentlemen. Your next bucket poll goes by the name of Sarah Sloan. Sarah Sloan. So my mom is super Hispanic and I'm talking like very Hispanic. This is how she wakes me up in the morning. Her accent is so thick, she has trouble pronouncing my name. So she has to call me Sada. She has to call me Sarita. I have some bad news next. My dad is white boo. Ew. So he likes to call me stupid. He likes to call me ugly. Yeah, no, that's fun.


Oh man. So before I moved out here to Austin, my parents were talking to me and they were like, Sarah, never in our lives would we have imagined that our 22-year-old daughter would still be living at home with us, leaching off of us. And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm gonna stop you right there. I'm 27. Okay. My parents have always been extremely pro-life until they hugged me. Now my mother is four after birth abortions. And I asked her up to what age and she was like, whatever age you are guys, thank you so much.


Sarah Sloan, welcome back to the show you've been on before. Yes, sir. You famously have the legendary horse noise. Would you like to do it for the audience? I would Love to, yes. It's, it's what I do. This is her bread and butter, Ladies and gentlemen. And we had her do it in arenas. And this is the greatest horse noise you've ever heard. Here I am riding, hold on. Let, let's just play along here. Here. I'm, it's just me coming into work on my horse and it's unbelievable. Unbelievable. That's right. People are in awe looking at each other. Like, did you hear that? Right Now it boggles people's minds. But that's basically the only thing that you're good at.


We've tried to figure this out. We've heard a couple minutes. So Sarah, how's life been going? It's been amazing. Yeah. Especially ever since. Yeah. Being on here. Yeah. Like you changed lives. That's what I do. Absolutely. You wouldn't think so by the attitude of some of these fucking bucket pools earlier. I gotta tell you these people. Well, if you'd let me tell the story, Tony. A lot of that, a lot of attitude tonight. But you seem to get it, Sarah. You're a good person. Have you ever had a panic attack in the shower? Only when I look in the mirror. I love It. Well, I know she can't make eye contact, so Why? Because she's autistic. She's autistic. Yeah.


With a horse noise like that. You'd be surprised if we'd be surprised if you're not autistic. La me is deeply in love right now. No, I I was judging a roast battle and Sarah was on it and I learned she's a racist. Ooh. It turns out I'm in love right now. Hello, Sarah Saloon. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Thank you Lamar. I've always, I've always kinda wanted to fuck Garth from Wayne's world, so this is very exciting Party on Wayne. I love it. What kind of guys are you into? Sarah Sloan? There was this, there was this YouTuber that he does microphone interviews very nerdy and just think like a male version of me.


And I was really into him. Did You hit him up? Did you, did You I put in the comments. I was like, Hey, you said you were single in your podcast. That's crazy. I I've had a baby crush on you for a while. Baby crush. Baby Crush. Who was the u Asman Gold? Like who is The YouTuber? He's a, he. Should I say, I can say listen to microphone reviews. Yeah. Say it. His his name is Band Drew and he has the channel Podcasted Band. Drew Podcasted. Yeah. It's a pretty big Yeah. It, nothing was ever gonna happen between Look at me. It was never gonna happen to No Sarah, you're adorable and you're so likable. And do the horse noise one more time.


It's unbelievable. I wish I could do that. I'm almost there. Right? With a little practice. Do it it one more time again. Yeah, you do one Lamar you do one now It's fun. Try we, we should all try Tough Tony. I think you gotta stand up. She gets low. It's like from her bowls. Yeah. You try it. Red band. You try it. I can't. Hold on Luis J Gomez. Give it a little shot here.


Really? Try all your horses have such deep voices. I'm a horse. La Mer Lee. Ladies and gentlemen, here it is. Oh. Oh, it was, that almost died. Whoa. Oh my god. Little black beauty over here. Holy shit. It's incredible. La me Absolutely unbelievable. Fucking look at this fucking, I love Mr. Red Tony. Oh my god. Sea biscuits.


When he sees biscuits, he eats biscuits. La mer La always has peanut butter on his gums. Yeah. He's a big fan of the Kentucky Slurpee. He also has to replace his shoes every week. Oh God. Oh my God. Absolutely incredible. So Sarah, when's the last time you were on a date with somebody?


I've never been on a date with anybody. Ever. Wow. Really? What? Really? Never. Never. Oh, I don't get it. You seem my How? Look at me. Why Do you keep saying that? You're you're, you're adorable. Mike, look at my, the mic. Look. Big mic over here. Is there something you wanted? Mike? Say it into the microphone, Mike. Great. You Say then kiss me Mike. Why don't kidding. I was kidding. I Was kidding. Have you kiss. I Was kidding. I was kidding. Kiss kiss. Let's go Big Mike. He's Taking off the Hat. Let's fucking go.


Let's fucking go. Oh yeah. Look at that. Look at the color coming to her face right now. Whoa. Oh wow. This is a new girl. She's squirting. This is a whole new person. Red band. It's a whole new person. Look at you. You've changed. You just ruined my life. My parents are going to kill me. Your parents are going to kill you for kissing a boy, Sarah.


My mother is, You need to pull a if if your parents are gonna kill you. 'cause you got kissed by a fucking, she Hated the last time I was on the show. Okay, let me tell you something. Have you ever seen the Menendez Brothers documentary? It might be time for You to fucking Ex Nay on the parents' name. You know what I mean? I got half of America Kiss or Next then Lama look at, look at La Mer pretending like you didn't hear that idea. Just like, oh, just sitting along, just having fun. What do you, what's your mom's problem with you on the show and your appearances? It was okay. So it was like, Its a raunchy show A little, you know. Hello. God.


Well they, they were like, let's get lunch together, my parents. And, and so then I sit down and we order this really good food and then they were just like, we're really, we're disappointed in you. And Tell me more. I'm I'm, I'm being dead serious. Yeah. And they were just like, you know, you laughed at what It's like, just for those of you listening to the show, if you're wondering what we're laughing, there's a guy that sounds like he's dying of laughter in the audience right now. These are the fans of this show have an unbelievable sense of humor where someone, someone softly admitting that their parents are disappointed in them. Literally there's a guy in the back of the room just like, ah, it's unbelievable, sir.


You are pure evil. So They said they're disappointed in you, but why they, they didn't. Did they give any specifics? Yeah. You know, I thought, you know, you hated my my minute, but like my last minute I thought was better than this one. And they said, they said like, they didn't say anything acknowledging that it was good. All they did was just talk about how I shouldn't have been laughing at the jokes you were making about me. And they said they couldn't. Oh, you shouldn't have gone along with the jokes on a comedy show. They wanted you to stand there like a fucking stiff. You're funny. I can't help but laugh. Well, you're goddamn right. They're the ones in the wrong. They probably had a lot of bad things about me to say about me at the end of October, early November.


And look at us now. Look at us now. Your parents don't have shit coming out on. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. How about that? How about that, Mr. And Mrs. Sloan? Ha ha. Sarah, what exactly do you do? What are you good at? Now that I know your parents are disappointed in you for coming on this show. I wanna make your life even better. So tell me, what do you do? How do, how, how can I help you? I wish I had a, we have a soundboard or else I would have you here full-time making horse noises.


I would love to. It's Not in the budget for sure. And we have a budget, but that can, I cannot have humans waiting around. No. Yeah. I, I, I like, I really do like doing impressions. I like What Exactly do you do for work? Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm a front desk girl, so I just very administrative. Hello. All the, yeah. Very basic work because I wanna make, I want to do an easy job so I could focus on this on the after hours. Right. So it's like in an office. Yeah. Yeah. It's at a school. It's at a school. How much do they pay you tell me the truth. 53,000 a year. Fine with it.


I know it's, I know it's nothing, but I'm fine with it. I gotta be honest. Honest Tony, that's a lot of money to me. Oh, okay. It is a lot of money. Dl Oh yeah. Supposedly to keep my job. I am speaking as a private citizen. That's right. On behalf of myself. Forgot about that. That's right, sir. Tony, It's one thou $1,000 per week. Yeah. $1,019 and 23 cents per week. Is that Wow. I never broke it down. Yeah, Your lifestyle. Tony, you Could pair me to the horse girl. Come on dude.


Let her quit that job. Have her be the horse girl on the show. It's a, it's a drop in the bucket. Tony. You know what Sarah? This is God damn it, Michael. We all those horse impressions have my throat fucked up. Do you drive?


I drive. You have a car, you can like do things, you can show up places and do them properly. Is there anything fucking nuts about you that we don't know? I I'm really, actually, I'm very competent. I really am. I know. I don't look it, but I, I promise. Yeah. I'm about to piss off your parents so bad, Sarah. I don't know exactly how or what, but we are going to match your salary and have you work for us from now on. Sarah Sloan Works For me now.


She Proud of your daughter. Next Time you idiots. That's for you. Mr. And Mrs. Sloan. Now she's mine. And you know what, I'm gonna give you a hundred dollars more than your annual salary. You have to go through a two week trial and pass it. I have to make sure you're like, not completely nuts, but I, I promise I'm not. I need people to do things. I need like groceries and stuff. Can you paint Yoni and Chris Steel train you? They're very, very good, cool people. And it'll be good.


Oh my gosh. And it'll alleviate some of their pressures since they're big fancy television producers now. Good. Did your parents ever offer you a full-time job like that? Never have. That's right. Well, you know what? I'm disappointed in them. You See that Mr. And Mrs. Sloan, congratulations. Here's a big joke book too. Welcome to the team, Sarah Sloan. Ladies and gentlemen. How fun. It's easy.


Easy fun. We're having fun now. People just figured out the loophole. They figured out a loophole. Come on the show. Tell me that your parents were disappointed in you laughing along at my jokes. Two Week trial. This guy. It's the same guy. Just keeps pissing over and over again. Bend down. There's a fucking camera. You idiot. Sarah Sloane. Kick this guy outta here. Get to work, bitch. Alright, your final bucket poll of the night goes by the name of Colton Jones. Everybody. Colton Jones.


Hey, did anyone get the number on that sexy blonde? I just passed in the hallway. Thank you. Yeah. My dad is a conspiracy theorist. He's also morbidly obese. That's a rough one. You know, how do you tell a guy, dude, tap water is not the thing that you are getting too much of. I think it might be the Mountain Dew outta the NASCAR cup. You fucking Retard. I come, you know, I come from a redneck family. We, I think the only reason we even adopt dogs is so we can shoot something seven years later Now, rednecks shoot our dogs.


We, we talk about that as society. We also shoot our cats. And you guys don't know that, but that is funny to watch. Obviously when you old yell a cat, you have to use a gun that has a laser sight on it. Wow. Ladies and gentlemen, what a turn The bucket is taken as we come around the vinyl band Colton Jones. Wow. With the set of the night here on KILL TONY. Absolutely incredible.


Colton. Very funny man. Very likable. Very jolly. Strong delivery. Great. Unbelievable writing. Perfect, perfect, perfect. All the way around. Welcome back. You've been on this show once before. Once before, and this is your return. It's been a while. A year or two, right? It's Been a while. That's right. That's right. How long has it Last? Last time I was on Theo Von was the only guest. And you kind of said a few times that I looked like a serial killer. But Theo, you know, Theo kind of stuck up for me is what I was When was that? How long has it been? It's been, It's all good. We just wanted to It's, yeah, it has been like a year and a and some change, I think.


Perfect. Perfect. Remind us, what do you do for work? I, I work at Sunset Strip. I, ooh Hell. Wow. Wow. Looks like we're all fucking employing great people here. One of my favorite people that works at the Sunset. Yeah. Oh, that's so nice. You guys should be, it's so nice. It's kind of crazy, huh? This guy. Hell yeah. I wonder why I called you a serial killer. That's not creepy at all. To, It's just a shock is all, is no. Yeah, it's great. And I produce a, I produce a kind of a night show here in Austin called The Absolute Show. I'm one of the, you know, head writers on that starring Lucas Prairie and Liz Splat. So I love it. Very Tony, funny people. Lame co Colton's. One of the funniest people in The city, dude.


Yeah. I think we can all tell it's absolutely incredible. Colton amazing. Yes. Getting the crowd to make even more noise. God, this Is great. Yes, it is. It is. It is fun. I absolutely love it. What should we talk about? What should I ask you? Well, I just got back from New Orleans today. I drove in yesterday. I I killed a lot of hand grenades. I saw a bunch of homeless people be really good at the trombone. New Orleans is a crazy fucking city. Its diabolical. I was there for the Super Bowl. I did a show the night before the Super Bowl. It was crazy. It, I've been there before. Every time I've been there. It's crazy. There is a vibe in the city.


And I will say that the, for the first time ever coming up, let let it be known that our friend here, LUIS J GOMEZ, puts on literally the best comedy festival of the year. And it is happening this year in New Orleans, Louisiana. For the first time. Yeah. For the very first time. Lemme Ask you a question, Colton, would you like to go back to New Orleans this November 14th or six? I would fucking love that. Wow. I would fucking love that. And now we would've loved, we would've loved to have you at Skank Fest this year, brother. He's doing Ska Fest. We would love to have you. You were a fucking killer. It's not only, not only did you do the best out of the night, but it was dark, genuinely funny fucking comedy.


My type of shit. I really dig your shit, dude. This fucking thank you man. Very confident. You're, You're going to have a blast there For a man that is so grotesque. You have so much confidence. It's unbelievable. Yeah, yeah. I'm sorry, could you say that again? I, I'm having a stroke right now. It's great. It's great. Louis, Could you, could you have the whole Abso show at SK Fest? 'cause it's a really great show. LA That's crazy. Yeah, that's, I'm crazy. Let, let's talk about it. I, I'd love to hear about it. You are just fucking great though, dude. You got a great energy. Thank you, man. I appreciate it. If you're friends with fucking Red band, you're friends with La Mer. I know you're a fucking a class dude, so I'll see you in New Orleans at Skank Fest. I'll fucking be there. How About that? Let it be known. You are witnessing history. Colton Jones booked on Skank Fest.


The most fun and the biggest comedy festival annually now. I used to always say that it was the best and now it literally is the best. There is no more JFL. Netflix is a joke. Only happens every other year. And so the best annual festival in all of comedy, it's Also better than Netflix is a joke. Tony, I know you have a Netflix deal, but let's get real. No, I mean we do. Yeah. We, it's not, yes, it's a, it's a superior festival, but as far as annual festivals, Lewis, you are truly just, I mean, it's unbelievable. When I think about the amount of money that I get paid for Skank Fest compared to the amount of money that I get from, let's just say, let's just say all I have to do is 9,000 more Skank Fest.


Actually. Probably mathematically More. Way more. Yeah, way more. Just, Just, I'll, I'll still do it. Just to be clear. I'll still go. You got it. Secret show. Secret show. I'll be there. And you know what else? I have a sold out show here on Wednesday at 7:00 PM Why don't you open up that show too? That sounds Great. In the Fat Man of the mothership. 7:00 PM Boom. You got it All Kid. Sunset mothership. Has Adam seen you before? Have you ever seen by the talent coordinator? You know, You know, I don't really want to get into this too much, but I did, I did bomb on the mic earlier, actually.


You did today. I, I went up and, you know, it wasn't, it didn't go, it didn't go as well as this, I'd say, well there You Go. But that, hey, if you're listening to home Kids, that's how life goes sometimes. And you just you drink two wel gins and you pick yourself back up. Boom. Colton Jones, Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. Absolutely, Colton. There he goes. And there's only one way to end an episode like this, Ladies and gentlemen. And it might not be the way you think, Ladies and gentlemen.


There's a young man who as I text with my fellow administration members of the United States of America lately, I implore them on a daily basis, make this man an American citizen. You'd be surprised how hard the process is as I laugh with my friends, you know, my friends, I mean the head of the FBI, the head of the CIA, the vice president, the president, the head of National Intelligence, the head of health.


There's a bunch more that I'm missing right now. Elon Musk, there's a lot of people that I text throughout the week. You'd be surprised. And I tell them all we need to make this man a citizen. And they play hard to get, they play hard to get, but God damnit, I know it's gonna happen. One day he will be known as the American Assassin, but for now, he's simply known as the Estonian Assassin. This is Ari Matti.


What's up? Fuck Southwest Airlines. Gimme a fucking seat, dude. I didn't know it's legal to sell 360 tickets. And then just let us baboons figure it out. Where am I sitting?


You know, you get a, like an aisle seat and then another guy's got the window and you try at all costs to keep that middle seat fucking open. You watch these group F motherfuckers, you know when you're covering the aisle and you try to look as insane as possible. Oh, oh, oh, ah, oh.


Stay the fuck away from my middle seat. That's why. Now I carry a Koran, I put that shit down and hey parents, leave your shitty fucking baby at home. What the fuck's he got going on in Phoenix?


Let me tell you, if you approach my middle seat, what a fucking baby. I'm gonna be weird to that baby. How old is it? Single digit. The most delicious. I'll fuck your baby for some leg room. Thank you so much. I mean, what the fuck?


In real time? You're watching a fucking absolute monster grow. This is crazy, Dude. Before, that's If you, if if there's a person in the fucking world that doesn't find that funny, that means they've never flown Southwest. Yeah, we, yeah, we as comedians. Dude. It's a battle out there, dude. It is. And and by the way, end of stewardess, you slow shit fat. Fuck. Some of the most rudest fucking, what is it? Waitress? What is it? Stewardess? Yeah, stewardess. I took a hundred milligrams before I came out here. I'm fucked up dude. Dude, I remember last time you were fucked up when I was on the show, dude.


I am toasted right now. Thank God this is not on Netflix. I might say it inward, you know what I'm saying? I'm fucking lucid, dude. It is. Dude. When you told me I'm gonna be on today, I already took the edible. You know when the edible is in your stomach like this? Yo, you poor bastard.


Alright. That bit Was so fucking funny. I didn't have an ending though. I was like trying to find no, It was fucking, it was literally perfect. I leaned into Tony. I was like, he just fucking wrote that. That's crazy. It's so good. You're so talented. Every time I see you on this show, I'm blown the fuck away. Genuinely. I think one of the best comics working today, Jen, I really thank Hundred percent. There used to no question about it so far. And It's, this is the work you see? Yeah, that's real. That's, you could do that now. People will not sit next to you on Southwest if you just fucking Oh Yeah. Just keep that fucking flailed right towards that middle seat. Let 'em know. Wow. I mean, it is wild.


Not only are you, like Louis just said, one of the best comics working today, but it's just amazing to me that, you know, we've just never had, you know, I mean, it's you and Cam clearly showing the process, showing that, you know, every week. I mean, people must be waiting and, and if they're not, then they don't know how hard standup comedy is or how. But it's Also so much fucking dude. Oh, exactly. Just to have that panic attack. Like literally, I took the walk slow. 'cause I have three things in my head. Yeah. That are literally just thoughts. Yeah. You know, and you just have this fucking ta It's just the energy dude.


Yeah. The fact that you live for that pressure. Love shows what kind of beast you are. And that's what, you know, some, it's, it was a story of the night, right? It's like, oh, the lights, oh, I'm nervous. Oh, I'm nervous. Transferring that energy into fucking being present and delivering your bits, being able to take nervous energy and you should be more nervous than anybody. Yeah. 'cause you have high expectations to follow. Yeah. These people absolutely expect you to be great. And meanwhile, week after week, while competing with yourself, you seem to absolutely be crushing yourself. And it's incredible. It's amazing. And I am so fucking honored to have you be part of this show.


You're a perfect fucking fit. It's crazy. Like, you know, I'm such a big fan of comedy. I read every fucking book about the Comedy Store tonight. Show Esther, I'm such a big fan of comedy and I remember when I was reading all these books. So you watch a documentary about the gold rush of the seventies, everybody moving to la, you guys with Rogan coming up at the Comedy store, you know, and you read that. You're always like, fuck, I wish I was in that time. And little do I know, I'm in the new motherfucking cold. No Doubt about it. No doubt about it. You gotta learn to love it. Baby this. Thank you. This is the era, And that is the Estonian assassin. Ari Matti.


How much fucking fun did we have tonight? Huh? The driver, Ryan. JE Belt is in and it's a glorious one. That is Lamar and Lewis j Gomez. Look at that. That's incredible. How about one more time for the great Louis J. Gomez Legion of SK Story Wars Guys. Check out Story Wars sometimes. This is, I truly believe one of the other great shows, I mean, I've always talked with you about, you know, doing a live show in front of a live audience that has like a format and a built in fucking thing. 'cause people like that Legion of sks is one of the best podcasts with fucking dudes talking shit just loosely.


And Story Wars is, without a doubt. I mean, I told you I've only done it once. I'm doing another one this week. But the first time I did it, I told you that's a hit. You have a hit on your hands. Congratulations. One more time for LUIS J GOMEZ. Check out Story Wars with a z Ska Fest, I believe is already sold out. No, the the general sale for Ska Fest is May 2nd. Presale. VIP tickets are already gone, but May 2nd. They're gonna sell out very quick. May 2nd. So make sure you're there in line with those. May 2nd for the Normies is your last chance. Get your Skank Fest tickets. How about one more time for the great powerful La Mer Lee? Everybody panties in the Mouth pod. That is the name of his pod.


He's got a backpack that he's holding up like a championship belt. He's panties in the mouth Pod. Thank you to Blue Nile, Talkspace Voodoo Ranger, and ZipRecruiter. Let's see what Chris Rogers are did tonight. Oh, that's me. Look at that. That's me. Hell yeah. Look at that fucking hairline. Better than ever. How about one more time for the best stamp band in the land? Huh? Ah, Hey, thanks for your support for at the Sunset Strip every Thursday secret show, sunset strip atx.com.


Love you guys. No doubt about it. Why do you go rewatch KILL TONY on Netflix? Tell your friends to watch it. Go watch it again. Just put it on. Just put it on and leave it on, then put it on again and then watch it again. Alright. God bless this audience. We went through the whole fucking range together. The rough bucket starts, the regulars absolutely crushed. David Jolly Camp Patterson and Ari Matti. And then from the Bucket we went from fucking what an adventure. We love you guys. Thank you. Goodnight everybody.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


This podcast is brought to you by Aura. Aura monitors the dark web for users, phone numbers, emails and social security numbers, delivering real-time alerts. If any suspicious activity is detected for a limited time, aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial plus a check of your data to see if your personal information has been leaked online. All for free when you visit aura.com/defense. That's aura.com/defense to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a u ra.com/defense. Certain terms apply, so be sure to check the site for details.