
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, This is Red Man coming to you. Live from the Bridgestone Arena here at Nashville, Tennessee, where brand New KILL TONY. Get up Tony, Nashville, Tennessee, who's ready for the best fucking night of your lives, right, Nashville.


Woo. We make some goddamn noise for Brian Redban, Ladies and gentlemen. And how about one more time for the best damn band in the land here in Music City, USA, Fernando Castillo, RO Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, big Mike Michael Gonzalez, Matt Mulling on the Electric, John B's on the Keys. And right there, he thinks he's an Austin still.


That is the one and only D Madness on the bass guitar. No reaction. No reaction. D you don't even smile. You got fucking 15,000 people going crazy. You're sitting there with a straight face there. You're you, son of a bitch. How about, how about one more time for our little opening act? Our little crowd warmup? Why don't a Ju What kind of fucking dreamland are we in? We might stay here. Let's, let's, why don't we do a residency in Nashville for a while, huh?


Amanda Jean Roland, on the beautiful fucking national anthem we are here in the United States of America. Ladies and gentlemen, what a time to be alive. The number one live podcast in the world is here at Bridgestone Arena. Thank you so much for being here. We're gonna have so much goddamn fun.


Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing Sponsors that made it all possible. This podcast is sponsored by Blue Chew. Guys have better sex with Blue Chew. Blue Chew is the original brand offering chewable tablets for better sex. And starting now, blue Chew is offering a combo so strong it'll knock your socks off and your neighbor's socks off. You'll have to move towns with the amount of noise you'll be making. Blue Chew Max has arrived and it combines the active ingredients of Viagra and Cialis into one chewable. The combo acts fast. And let me tell you guys, be ready when she needs it. And get your first month of Blue Chew free. Great Sex is a few clicks away. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their license medical providers, and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. Make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options of Blue chew.com. And we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of Blue Chew Free. When you use promo code Tony, just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code tony biz alu chew.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Blue Chew for sponsoring the podcast.


This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Consider this your official notice that Mother's Day is fast approaching Sunday. The 11th of May is the day for all the moms in our lives. So let's show them how much we care this year. Go for a gift that ignites her smile, and maybe even triggers a few tears with a special piece of jewelry from Blue Nile dot com. At Blue Nile, you'll find thousands of independently graded diamonds and find jewelry pieces at prices below your expectations as the original online jeweler. Since 1999, piece of Mind comes with every Blue Nile purchase. Thanks to some of the highest quality standards in the jewelry industry. Compliment mom's classic taste by designing a one of a kind diamond pendant or a A piece with brilliant style with a classic tennis bracelet. Need to know more about a particular piece. Blue Nile jewelry experts are waiting twenty four seven via phoner Chat. From text specs to budget res, they'll help you find a piece your mom will love. Red Band. Oh, Tony, I love Blue Nile. They make such classy pieces at affordable price points. It's so easy to purchase amazing jewelry from their website. I think I'm might get my mom a heart diamond this Mother's Day. Oh, hard Diamond, right? You the sweetest little boy. My goodness, that is so thoughtful. Red Ben. Your gift will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside, and in most cases even delivered overnight. And wave goodbye to buyer's remorse because Blue Nile also offers 30 day returns and a diamond price match guarantee. So treat Mom right this Mother's Day. Enjoy the ease of convenience by shopping Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to Blue Nile dot com today. That's Blue Nile dot com.


Nordstrom brings you the season's most wanted brands, skims, mango Free people, and Princess Poly all under $100. From trending sneakers to Beauty must-haves, we've curated the styles you'll wear on repeat this spring, free shipping, free returns, and in-store pickup. Make it easier than ever. Shop now in stores and@nordstrom.com.


Who's ready to start tonight's fucking show, huh? Wow. Wow, wow. You know, we have two totally different shows between tonight and tomorrow Night. Not easy to select. Not easy to decide exactly who you're gonna have on a Friday night in Nashville. And I gotta tell you, I don't think I could have possibly have booked this fucking thing any better and any cooler you are in for a treat. Ladies and gentlemen, your first guest who's going to be with us all night, one of the best, one of the best comedians in the world.


A sniper, a genius. You know him, you love him. Make some fucking noise for the great and powerful Mark Norman. Yeah, Right there, baby Mark Norman. Hell yeah. Let's fucking go smoking his cigar backwards. Ladies and gentlemen. What badass motherfucker. Well, you might as well stay up 'cause I'm warning you right fucking now.


This roof is about to explode as I bring to the stage. A first time guest in the history of the show, A man who I've wanted on this show since the very first episode. Who better in music city USA than perhaps one of the funniest, coolest musicians of all time Nashville? I present to you, Live in the Flesh Nashville Zone Kid Rock.


Oh shit. It's about To fucking go down. My God. What up, Nashville? Can I get a little Hell? Yeah, Let's fucking go. We here Kid Rock in the fucking house. An amazing time is about to be had in beautiful Nashville, Tennessee Kid Rock Mark Norman.


You guys know how it works? Over 200 human beings signed up for the chance to be selected out of this bucket. They get 60 seconds on the stage. You know, their time is up near the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which brutally interrupts them. I conduct an interview. We have some fun, we meet 'em all at once. The whole thing's improvise. Anything can happen. Who's ready to start tonight's fucking show. I have selected the first bucket Pool of the night while we go wrangle them. I have one of our great golden ticket winners ready to get us started with a brand new minute.


And by great golden ticket winner, I mean, perhaps the greatest Golden Ticket winner in the history of the show, Ladies and gentlemen, on an absolute hot streak to get us started tonight. This is the Unstoppable Force known as Martin Phillips. Oh man, how cool.


I I go, I was, I was on the, on the road And that lady DMed me and she said, Hey, I'll show you around town and my pussy. I was like, like, damn, the city offers great tour. Like what? What a package deal. You know, it's not too bad to see, you know, you might be stretching this out. Okay. I, you know, I'm an advocate for smoking during pregnancy because that moms deserve to look cool too.


You know, and when you see a messed up kid, you're like, Hey, his parents are chill. You know? And that a drink when, when I was a kid and the tooth Derrick was coming. So I put my grandfather's dentures underneath my pillow with a note that's said, here's a full set, pay a bitch. And I glued the gums. Sorry, Martin Phillips getting us started here tonight. I love it, Martin, you are, this is a very special look.


Oh wait, I, I like cowboy boy, baby. Hell yeah. I fucking love it. You look like if Broke Back Mountain had an actual broken back. Oh, You know what? And this is, I say I, I, I have something special on tonight. Oh yeah. Because, you know, I do all these Killers of KILL TONY shows in big theater. So I have more room to that around. So right now I am wearing $3 tap shoes.


Those are tap shoes, you know, Tap Shoes. You know how to tap dance? I It just walking, you know. Oh, okay. Well why don't you put the mic, why don't you put the mic on the floor? Let's see if we can pick it up. Hell yeah. Oh shit. This is a first In KILL TONY History. Who better to be our first tap dancer than the Sling? It's that easy. It's that easy to do.


Unbelievable. So, So Book me girl If, if this isn't a Make-A-Wish, I don't know what is. This is a beautiful thing. It's like if somebody put a woody from Toy Story in the microwave, If there's a cash prize, just fucking give it to 'em now, right? Oh man, Martin, you're enjoying Nashville. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's cool. I, I just got here this afternoon, but Jesus, You got thrown right into the vortex, huh? Yeah, I just jumped in, you know, and wear a little out with it.


It whole outfits also very hot. It's very uncomfortable. Actually, I'll tell you what, you, You wear that outfit, you go right down the street here to Kid Rocks. I'll have 'em waiting for you. You go, you go in there. Drinks are on me and you crush as much pussy as you want tonight. Yeah, Let's go. The show begun. There he goes. Make some noise for Martin Phillips. Everybody. He's got us started here tonight and it has begun.


Martin Phillips, you'll see him at Kid Rock's Bar getting trashed tonight. If you're wondering what he is like when he is trashed, he walks exactly the same. There's no way to know.


Hello everyone. You know, sometimes life throws a little roast your way. Maybe it's a Google Review that has you looking like a villain, a mugshot you wish never happened, or a negative article that's haunting you like an ex at a party. That's where net reputation comes in. They specialize in cleaning up your online messes so you can focus on what really matters. Roasting, joking, and you know, just having fun. So if your Google search results look like a dumpster fire, let net reputation put out the flames. Whether it's a negative review or an embarrassing article, they'll help you bury that stuff faster than I can. Bury a heckler. Visit net reputation.com where they'll make sure the only thing that shows up when people search your name is that you are a genius. Not that one time you tried to sing at karaoke net reputation. Check it out right now.


Ah, oh, there she is. Ladies and gentlemen. We spared no expense for Nashville, Tennessee. That is indeed Heidi. Live in the flesh and the great Valerie, everybody the real deal. Alright, it is time for your first true bucket pool of the night. Ladies and gentlemen. We're gonna meet somebody here in an arena for the first time in Nashville history on Kone. And the first bucket pull tonight goes by the name of Patrick Callahan.


Here we go. The heartbeat of the show, the bucket, and it starts with Patrick Callahan. Hey, what's up guys? Wow. Wow. Let's get this outta the way. I don't know if you guys can tell, but I am a man. I know you thought I was a lunch lady, but yeah, I am a man. But I get called Ma'am a lot. I'll go to the drive through, I'll order my food and they'll be like, okay, can I get anything else for you, ma'am?


I always panic a little bit. I'm like, no, no. Then I get up to the window, they're looking at me all confused. They're like, I thought you were a lady. I'm like, yeah, she's in the trunk. I got here at a Nashville yesterday and I smoked some weed. Hell yeah. And I had the best meal of my entire life. You guys ever tried bread? You ever toasted it? All right guys, that's me. That's it. Alright, I'm Patrick.


All Right. Patrick Callahan, here you are. What's up Dude? This is it. You're in it. A big house. In the big house. Hi mom. Hell yeah. What's up buddy? Does your mom look exactly like you? She Does. It's kinda, people get us confused, you know? What Exactly is your, what do you eat to be shaped like that? Exactly. It's a very specific shape. Your arm, you have the arms of a normal sized man. Yeah. You have the, the kind of head and neck of a normal size guy. And even the chest, I dare say, is normal size. And then all of a sudden it gets Crazy. Are you ERs like, what is that?


This is what happens when you lose like a hundred pounds twice and then gain it back twice. How do you, when you Oh, a lot of people in Nashville cheer for losing and regaining Weight. Hey, That's what, I guess that's a pastime here. This is incredible. What's all about, dude? Oh my goodness. What's up? This is incredible. So how did you lose the weight? How do, let's start with gain the weight. Your mom's cooking. It wasn't Eating pussy. Hey, it's when your parents always tell you to finish the plate. You know? Please try cup that. Don't do that. Sorry. You're not supposed to eat the plate too. I know, I know. Yeah, that's true.


Weils wobble, but they don't fall down. You do. You look like Kid Rocky Road. This is incredible. Yeah, I get melted Ice cream pretty about. Thanks Red Pan. We got Red Band and Lap Band, Dude. Fuck yeah. Red Band and Bread Pan. That's me. I love it. How long have you been doing standup, Patrick? Almost two years. Almost two years. All of it. Here in Nashville. In Dayton. Dayton? Yeah. Wow. You seem like you haven't been dating anybody your whole Life. I have a lady. Okay. You Do? She's in the basement. Oh, okay. I'm guessing that's where the kitchen is.


I think her name is Wendy. True. I love it. I love it. You guys live together? Yeah. Yeah. What's your house? Is it a White Castle? Yeah, it's close to one, you know? Yeah. You got Skyline around, you know? I love it. What do you do for Work? I fix ice machines. You gotta be fucking kidding me. Swear. Pretty, pretty cool, right? All right. Amazing. What? Wow. How long you been doing that for? 10 years. 10 years? Yeah. Fixing ice machines. It's sad. Yeah, I know. That's all right. Oh my goodness. Wow.


What do you do for fun? Comedy? I don't know. I make a lot of, I produce like podcasts and stuff, trying to be red band, you know. Oh wow. You really, I know. Set your standards very high. Amazing. So you fart sometimes, is that what you're saying? Sometimes? Yeah. I have a cool soundboard. Incredible. Do you have any special skills or talents that would surprise us? We just found out Martin Phillips can kind of tap dance. I can whistle like a train. That's kind of cool. Oh, let's hear that. All right. Terrible. All right. Fuck me. Fuck me. I Know.


Wow. People hated your train whistle. They should. It's autism, you know? Sounded a lot like a UFO Something. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing, Patrick. Amazing. Well, congratulations. You did get pulled out of the bucket. What do you guys think? Big or little? Yeah. How many of you think big? How Many of you think little? How Many of you like it when comedians do good on the show? How many of you like it when comedians do bad on the show? Oh, you are Evil fucks. Let's go Medium for you. Huh? There you go. It's his first type. Oh No.


Is his first time ever, ever, ever getting a medium? Oh, do we got a replay of that? Oh, we have the direct, we have the great Anthony Giordano in the director's truck telling me that we have a replay. We love replaying when people don't catch the books. Oh, there it is. Right up his hands. Let's see it there. Play a little, gimme a little goofy horn on this. Here it comes. The moment of a lifetime in an arena. Oh my goodness gracious. Wow. Look at that.


If if only it was that hard to catch diabetes.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Voodoo Ranger Mini Rippers. Amazing. Guess what? The best beer on the market just got a whole lot better. Mini rippers are mini cans of Voodoo Rangers, highly drinkable juice force, IPA or Tropic force IPA. These mini cans deliver a quick impactful hit at 9.5% A BV, and are great for moderation, storage, portability, and convenience. Red band Tony, I love Voodoo Ranger mini rippers. You need to try them. If you like your beer staying cold down to the last sip. Plus their mini size makes them the perfect pocket beer. It's a 10 out of 10 for me, Tony. You Love keeping treats in those pockets. That's right. Red band from here on out. It's mini can full throttle because Voodoo Ranger mini rippers are the new go-to Bev to start your night with a bang. Seriously, these mini cans are fun, portable, and pack a hell of a punch. There's nothing worse than drinking a humongous beer and feeling like you ate a loaf of bread. Plus they get warm after a while. These stake cold? Mm. Find them at a nearby store or at Voodoo Ranger dot com. I implore you. Go to Voodoo Ranger dot com.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by Nick. Look, you've heard us talk about nicked. They've taken nicotine pouches to the next level. They're the only pouches that we use these days. My favorite flavor is Citrus Ice by a mile. Nicked is a step ahead above the other pouches. They use the best ingredients for a cleaner, more refined experience. They're made with natural coconut fiber instead of wood pulp. For a smoother, better experience that won't hurt your gums. Nick pouches come in different strengths to help you hit the sweet spot. 12, six and three milligrams. With a range of refreshing, mint bold fruit and unflavored options, there's always something to keep you satisfied. And coming soon, Nick will have a zero milligram option so you can dial in the perfect experience to suit your needs. Whether you're trying to kick chewing tobacco, traditional smoking products, or vape Nick flavors hit just right. All right, ba Tony, these nicked pouches are ridiculous. They're seriously the best. I love that Nick cans come with a built-in disposable lid for your used pouches, meaning no litter and no mess. Ah, It's time to upgrade to nick nicotine pouches just like we did right now. Our listeners get 35% off when you order through our exclusive URL NYKD pouches.com/tony. And you can use this code up to three times. Don't wait. Get 35% off now at NYKD pouches.com/tony. That's nicked pouches.com/tony. Nick products are only for adults of legal age, and every order is age verified warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket poll goes by the name of AJ Jackson. Straight back to the bucket. We go. We wanna see what the hell Nashville has to offer for tonight. Oh shit. AJ Jackson. Yes, he is. Brought a human with him. Yeah, he Did make some noise. One more time for AJ Jackson. So I got high as hell the other day and started watching Forrest Gump and I realized why that movie is so timeless. 'cause women are whores and men are retarded. Huh?


Well, you chill out buddy. Alright, so I'm a nineties baby. I'm a big fans of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. I think the Power Rangers badass. Huh? Y'all know what else is badass abortion? Hell yeah. I think the, I think abortion clinics are stealing the Power Ranger's thunder. Right? Ozzy get over here. Ozzy come here because abortion Len, they'll be like, dude, the patient will get out on the desk and they'll be like, you ready? You ready?


And they'll bors your doctors. They'll go, it's I boring time coat hanger saver. Power up. Ah, baby blaster, blah, blah, blah, blah. Go, go kill some babies. Alright, we're gonna, we're we're gonna stop you right there each. Holy shit. You do realize we are in the Bible belt? Yeah. Hey, the fucked up thing is I am Catholic. Sorry father. Alright. I get why you Brought the dog. Now You're gonna need emotional support after that step. Sure thing. Okay, aj, let's, let's just talk about it here. First of all, this is the first time in the show's history where the dog did a better job than the comedian.


We love the dog. I see why he was trying to get away from you the entire set. Absolutely embarrassing. Yes, sir. How long have you been doing standup comedy? A Little less than a year. Little less than a year. And you came out 2025 in an arena with Forest Gump and Power Rangers references. Those Are two of my favorite things. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Still two of your favorite things. 30 years. That's called autism. Are you just call yourself autistic? Are you really Autistic, self-diagnosed? I don't know if you've seen our autistic people on Kone. They're autistic as fuck. Yeah. They're, I'm more a DHD attention deficit horny disorder.


Every time. I, most people are like squirrel on my teeth. Seems like you got a lot of excuses for being just a boring, normal dude. I'm autistic. I'm a DD. Look at my dog. I got nothing. Power Rangers. Have you been diagnosed by a doctor with any of these things? Not doctor. Right. Not doctor. Right. Just ex-girlfriends. Not too many of those either. Tanny too. I bet. Kid Rock. We have Power Rangers of Forge Gump. I mean, save some pussy for the rest of us. H Hell yeah. Aj, what do you do for work? Show up.


I, I'm kind of unemployed if you couldn't tell. Okay guys, save your booze. Save your booze. Until I ask for them. It's psychotic to just constantly boo. No, I did. I just moved to Nashville about a month ago. From where? Tulsa, Oklahoma. Okay. Tulsa, Oklahoma. I I really can't help you. I'm trying to get them to not boo you. Every single thing you say is terrible to say here. There's Nothing good about Tulsa. I get it. I get it. I Get it. Do you like country music? No. That's, that's the wrong answer. This is incredible. I think if we would've planned this, if I'm like, okay, I'm gonna create a heel that the crowd's just gonna hate.


That's literally why I asked that. I'm like, I'm just gonna give him a fucking beach ball here. Eh, I Don't really like country. I don't really like hot chicken. I, I don't like, I don't like rainy nights and temperate days. Can we at least give him a plow for the dog? Don't fucking God. So creepy for you to literally spell it out like that. Yeah. You know, I was looking for some So what's the deal with the dog? Is this just, he's An a more, he's a support animal. He is completely not trained. No, he's just chilling. This is definitely not He's adorable. We love him.


Everybody loves him. We kind of wanna save him from you. Yes, but he's not an emotional support animal. Yeah. He's just, he's just like his daddy, I guess. Wow. I think, I think that's a bomb sniffing dog. I wonder if you'll catch, as Long as there's peanut butter on there, I wonder if he'll catch the little joke book. Do you think, can the dog like catch things? Ozzy? Does it ever catch anything If he looks at you, Hey, look, if I hit the dog in the face with a joke book, I'm gonna feel bad. Ozzy, Ozzy, look.


Ozzy, Ozzy, Ozzy Marshall, Ozzy. This dog Ozzy. Look over here. Oh my God. You, have you ever taken this thing on a fucking airplane before? Well, It's never an airplane. Never an airplane. Don't. It's gotta be terrifying. There's 20,000 people here. Hey Ozzy. Look Ozzy. Look Ozzy knows how to post for the camera. This is the least trained dog I've ever seen in my entire life. It's dogs autistic. I've seen, I've seen Costa Rican street dogs that are better trained than this thing. Hey, Look at this. The bounty hunter was more behaved.


All alright, you take it. Ready? Boom. Wow. He caught it. I did one thing right? Oh shit. Ah, the poor dog, Aj, get the fuck outta here. You don't get to fucking fist bump Kid Rock after that. Okay, so let's have a quick chat real quick. Save the booze for when they really, really, really, really deserve 'em. Granted, AJ deserved it, but god damn. See sweet Heidi.


Like a, like a piece of ginger in between rotten sushi bites. Just cleanses the room like a sage princess. Alright, you guys ready for bucket pool number three? Yeah. Okay. But don't boo until the 60 seconds is up. Deal. There's some people booing me saying, don't boo. It's pretty crazy. But alright, here we go. Remember, if you boo the whole time, the rest of the world's gonna make fun of your city for being a shitty audience. And you don't want that little insider trading information, okay? You could boo if you want to.


We get paid the same amount no matter how much you boo. Ladies and gentlemen, your third bucket poll goes by the name of Ryan Adam Ryan. Adam, come on. We gotta get a good bucket poll outta here. Has anybody here ever taken the am I gay test on Facebook? If not, don't bother. It's 35 minutes of gay porn. And once you get to the end, there aren't even any questions.


I checked twice my grandpa, he used to babysit me, but now I babysit him. I took him to buy some groceries and in the middle of the aisle he goes, $5 for a bag of Doritos. Back in my day, I could get my dick sucked for a dollar. I said, grandpa, you can't, you can't trick me like that anymore.


There we go. Look at that. Look at that. An amazing set. Ryan, Adam has arrived at the kil universe. Yes, sir. I love it. You stayed in the pocket. There were 10 retards that still tried to boo during your setup at the top of the set. You plowed through it. You hit your punchlines. You killed it, sir. You did it. Our first good bucket pull of the night. Ryan, Adam. Incredible. Ryan, how long have you been doing standup? I'm going on seven years. Coming Seven years. Perfect. Seven years. All of it here in Nashville.


I'm from Atlanta. Drove up here today. I love it. Congratulations. That's the way to do For my birthday. This is your birthday today. My birthday. Happy birthday buddy. Fuck yeah. How old Are you today? I can't tell if you're 17 or 48. I'm 30. Oh, that's not Good. 30. Yep. Nice. Hell yeah. What do you do for work, Ryan? I am a, I'm a restaurant manager full-time in a, I work at a sex shop part-time. Ooh. Yeah. Selling dildos. Yeah. Is there anything new hot off the market coming up in the sex shop? Any state-of-the-art technology we should know about?


Yeah, we got one that's called the Showstopper. Ooh, What's that? I mean, I have one in my ass right now, but tell the crowd what it is. It's just like a giant, you know, dildo and it has like a air suction control, little jackrabbit thing on it. Air suction. Air Suction, Showstopper. That's what we used to call a rape whistle. Tony actually have this, like the whole thing sucks out though. Like it comes out of the shell too easily. Well, it's like a little air pulse jackrabbit thing. We just got those on the shelves. They're like little kinda like vibrates, but it's just like, it sucks and then it pushes air out real fast.


You really have one of these. Shut the fuck up. What do you do with it? I, I used it once, but like I said, what did you use on your butt? No, no, no. It's a, are you talking about the suction? Nevermind. He's not even paying attention. He's just so convinced. Red band appropriately wearing his predator shirt in honor of Russell Brand. Hell y'all The number 17 ish. Okay. Very good. Alright, red band. He also looks like the goalie from the Big green right now somehow. Okay. So Ryan, Adam, let's talk about it.


You're born and raised in Atlanta? In Atlanta, yeah. About like 30 minutes south, but pretty much Atlanta. Okay. Yep. And what do you do for fun? You got a girlfriend, a boyfriend. Are you really gay? I'm not really gay, but I do have a fiance and she's great. For fun. I like to ride my dirt bikes. Oh. That's about it. I like to go modo camping where I go out into the woods with my dirt bike and sit up a little camp and stay out there for a couple nights. Hell yeah. And then comedy Fun fact comedy. Every bike's a dirt bike if you use the showstopper right beforehand.


The old muddy trails. Oh yeah. I love it. Ryan, before we get you outta here, tell us something crazy about your life or childhood or something that would surprise us about you. My childhood. My dad was really big on meth whenever I was a kid. Ah. And wow. A huge pop in Nashville for crystal meth, Ladies and gentlemen. Crystal meth. You can't, you can't even make it up. The crowd goes wild for meth of all things. Absolutely incredible. They, they booed almost everything all night. You mentioned meth once the place goes nuts. Kid Rock.


You said your dad was on meth? He was big on meth. Probably had a couple Kid Rock CDs. Yeah. Big on meth. He was also a, a preacher too. A baptist preacher. Whoa. Wow. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Incredible. He was breaking bread and breaking bad at the same time. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Amazing. That's pretty much that. What does he do now? He's in like the trucking industry. He, he kind of got past all that. Married a nice lady. Nice. Was in a nice subdivision. Oh, nice Manager somewhere.


I love it. That's making it. 30 minutes south of Atlanta. True. And what does your fiance do? She's a bartender. Shout out Ali. Love you baby. Wow, look at that. Is she here? No, she had to work. Oh, she's dead. Yeah. Well she's gonna love to see. Oh yeah. How good you did here tonight in an arena in Nashville, Tennessee. Yeah. Custom made Nashville joke books by the Great Bones Eye. Who's in attendance? Live in the flesh. Right here. There you go. My friend Ryan Adam, your first killer of the night other than Martin Phillips.


Of course.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Voodoo Ranger Mini Rippers. Amazing. Guess what? The best beer on the market just got a whole lot better. Mini rippers are mini cans of voodoo Rangers, highly drinkable juice force IPA or tropic force IPA. These mini cans deliver a quick impactful hit at 9.5% A BV and are great for moderation, storage, portability, and convenience. Red band Tony, I Love Voodoo Ranger mini rippers. You need to try them. If you like your beer staying cold down to the last sip. Plus their mini size makes them the perfect pocket beer. It's a 10 out of 10 for me. Tony. You love keeping treats in those pockets. That's right. Red band from here on out. It's mini can full throttle because Voodoo Ranger mini rippers are the new go-to Bev to start your night with a bang. Seriously, these mini cans are fun, portable, and pack a hell of a punch. There's nothing worse than drinking a humongous beer and feeling like you ate a loaf of bread. Plus they get warm after a while. These stake cold. Mm. Find them at a nearby store or at Voodoo Ranger dot com. I implore you. Go to Voodoo Ranger dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, therapy can be costly, but Talkspace is affordable and in network with most insurance providers. Did you know that most insured members have a $0 copay, right, Dan? That's right. Tony Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider makes getting the help you need easy and accessible and affordable. I think Talkspace is providing some of the best mental health treatment out there. Huh? Isn't that nice? Sweet boy. You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider that's the right fit for your needs. Typically within 48 hours, you can also switch providers at no extra cost. Talkspace makes getting help convenient because you can take your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it out between sessions by sending messages to your therapist. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code space eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code space eight zero to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show. That's Talkspace dot com slash tony promo code space eight zero.


And now it is time for one of the regulars of the show. Your first regular of the night in absolute sensation. Once in a generation talent that we watch, write and perform a new minute every single week. Nashville, I present to you the Nashville Arena debut of Cam Patterson.


Yeah. Oh hell. Thank you. Hell yeah. Thank you. That's all I, I just realized something about myself. I don't like, I don't like phone sex. I was having phone sex with my girlfriend. We was on FaceTime and she was playing with herself and I'll be in my meat and then she was like, can I use a toy? And I was like, yeah, no problem. You can use a toy. And then she pulled out an 11 inch green dildo and I was flabbergasted. Really?


Dog. I understand some bitch. I said a toy not hoax. Dick, you dirty ho. It's clobbering time. Dumb ass bitch. That's crazy. And like I don't listen. I'm fine with my girlfriend having like toys to use Play pleasant herself and shit. But it has to be the same size as my dick no bigger. And I, I've been to her house a million times, I've never seen a green dildo there ever dog. Where she been hiding this bitch from me. I really, I wanna go there and cut it in half and have two of my dicks so she can use it when she need. Like, that pissed me off because understand something that's like me going, you know what, can I use a toy and I just pull out a fat white bitch.


It's ing time. All I Fucking hilarious. Hey Tony. Wait I got something. Oh yeah. You know how it failed the last time? What a drink with? Oh shit. You drink it? Oh shit. You dirty bitch. Oh What did you just do? Mark? You fucked up my whole drink. Oh Sorry. I thought it was vodka. No, it's Water. That's water. Oh fuck. Can we get cam another cup of water? I need a you all you all good? Oh, but we'll get you another water There. Sorry Damnit. That wasn't for you nigga. What the fuck? I'm Sorry. This all good man. I thought you were my slave. Whoa the fuck going on here.


There's Too many crackers to say that right now, man. Alright. All I mean in his, this is in his defense. We've never seen you wait. Dress quite so s slavey before. Wait, listen, Wait. The fuck you Mean it? This is a whole new look. You wait a minute. You came out with O j's glove on your head. Bacon sort. Yes. We got Kid Rock and crack rock. This was a terrible idea. I spilled something on my shirt backstage and then like this my head. My, I gotta cut my hair down. My hair don't look good right now. Oh my God. Oh Jesus Christ. It's a lot. This god Damn This's not gonna work at all. Or actually not. Wow. It look like a Katrina victim down.


Now You can blacker every time I see it you look if a box of Newports was a person This magic trick brought to you by Hennessy. Sorry about that. We got he Hennessy in Tennessee. What the hell are you about to do? There is no winning this. You're about to just spill a bunch of water on a stage. Okay. Okay.


That is incredible. Yeah. Nigga, science nigga. Necro Tyson Bill. Not the science guy. Bill. Bill. Not the science guy. Hell yeah nigga. I'm happy. Absolutely. I'm so happy that work. I'm putting this. Wow. Yeah, that is incredible. You're a crazy, that's a, you are like a real magician cam. I'm a magic nigga man. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm a magic dog. I always thought you were more of a David Copper house. Okay. Not a David Copper field, if you know what I mean. That It flew over their heads. I got what You was saying. It's a lot of math, but when it'll hit you on your drive back to Atlanta or whatever, it's closest I could get to saying the the N word.


Okay. Forget it anyway. Absolutely incredible. Damn your magic. The jokes. Mark Norman, what do you think about this guy? That was fun. I didn't I didn't think you were a prop guy. Yeah, I know Magic, but Black people love science and hate their kids. But that was really something I gotta say. Well done. That is amazing. He's been on this magic kick. I saw him backstage. He made a whole rotisserie chicken disappear. Whip it through the Class. Oh shit. Yeah. I Didn't realize my face was up though. Yeah, it's cool, right? We have shit state-of-the-art technology.


Oh Shit. What the fuck? You see that Shit nigga? It's wow. It's actually a mugshot that we got. We took it off of Kid Rock. This is your first time seeing the great Cam Patterson. He's So confused right now. Like who Is this nigga? He's done a lot of energy. This little guy, lot of energy. He looks Like he's on the kitchen. He's got Chicken energy. This little guy. That is one way of putting it. That is one way of putting it. You're the best you ever man. Absolutely. How do you like Nashville so far? I Like Nashville. Nashville nice. I don't like all the, the bridal showers that's gay. The what? The bridal showers and shit.


Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't like all that shit. The Bachelorette. Yeah. Nashville cool though. I fought in Nashville. Nashville nice. Yeah, Nashville is like white Atlanta. That's what it is. Really? Yep. Yeah. It is white Atlanta. It is. It is. A lot of these bridal showers give second and third wedding vibes. I don't know if you're feeling the same thing. It feels like very few first weddings happen. Yeah. It's nice though. White as fuck. That's a big lady. Hell yeah. Oh Shit. Oh My god. Big Lady. You guys know how to spot him Like Doppler radars over. He is like big lady. Big lady. Big lady. Big lady. Oh my goodness. Hell yeah. Look who's got the front row?


Oh hell Yeah. These two have The best Big lady. Pretty sure that was a compliment. Hell yeah. I I would fuck. I would, I would fuck him. Hell yeah. You would've noticed her. 'cause you looked like Kool-Aid. You go on the hail dig. I sorta Those two people have the best free seats in the house. You chose the wrong show to come 30 minutes late. It is a tomato nigga. That's crazy. I love you white lady. That's good. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. I love your white bitch. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. It's good. I love it.


The first bucket pool, put a wig on and sat in the front row. You gotta love it. Absolutely incredible. A tornado and a tomato. Hell yeah. Oh my goodness, cam. It's amazing. That is, I can't believe you were able to get the punchline to your joke to show up to the front row. That's A Tennessee Titan. This guy's got, this guy's the one that gets in between those legs every night. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Every night he, he, every night he goes from Nashville to Nashville.


Oh, This is KILL TONY Tyson gonna say, God bless you soldier. We love it. You know what I'm gonna do? Here's, here's a big joke book. Check this out. This is, this is for her. Oh. Oh, it's over. It's over here. Here's another one. Boom. Oh, it's a good fucking catch. Camp Patterson. You did it again. You fucking stunned. Make some goddamn noise for the young star. 25 years old, a juggernaut.


And you found them right here on KILL TONY. You guys ready for another bucket pool? Here we go. We're having fun here in the fucking dirty south here in Nashville, Tennessee. Make some noise for your next comedian. This is without a doubt. His name is Chris Dunn. Everybody here comes Chris Dunn. What's up Bridgestone? How we doing? I can't believe I'm gonna say this to an arena, but it's my wife's time of the month right now.


Not her period. That's just what I call it When she covers 100% of our bills. It's, It's pretty emasculating. I'm the one who can't fuck for a week. I thought moving in together would solve the problem. But our pay periods haven't synced up yet. Mine's late. Are you kidding me? Shut the fuck up. Why Boo?


Yeah, she's, she's four years younger than me. My what? Okay. Nevermind. Alright. Wow. I mean, let's just look at the science behind what just happened here. Just for people watching, wondering how comedy works in a crowd like this and for the perhaps where the bucket pools at. Where are the comedians at over there? Fuck yeah. Take note. You cannot leave pauses for laughter if there is no laughter. I you It's my wife's time of them. Huh? I pay the bills. I'm no comedian. Yeah, clearly. Yeah. I'm just gonna go out on a limb and guess that it might not be a good idea to tell your crowd to shut the fuck up.


Sorry. No doubt about it. You kind of did everything wrong there, Chris. Sorry About that. Yep. Apologies. Don't matter at this point. You're in the eye of the storm, my friend. How long you been doing standup? Under two years. Just under two years. Under two years. Well, much like your last name. I do believe your career is done now. What do you do for work? It's not good. I, I'm an Uber delivery driver right now. How Old are you? 34. 34. And you're an Uber delivery driver, Mark Norman. Well, at least one of your deliveries is good.


So how did life end up like this? How did you end up 34? A white guy Uber delivering What happened? I was in bands. I did. Okay. I kind of started over when I started doing standup. So I've started living shitty again fairly recently. I was all right for a Minute. You don't play music anymore? Not, not professionally. No. But what, what, what did you do when you were doing it professionally? What instrument were you playing? Drums. What type of band were you in? Mostly like rock punk, rock type bands. But you decided to not do it anymore. Didn't like it. Always wanted to do comedy and started doing comedy.


Do you think you're better at drums than you are comedy right Now? Yeah. Yeah. You guys think we should have a fucking Mexican drum off right now? Well, well, well, let me explain how this works to the Great Kid Rock. We have a tradition on this show where if it just so happens to be that a comedian knows how to play the drums, well then they get a 20 to 32nd drum solo and compete with the house drummer and they go solo versus solo. And at the end of the Mexican drum off the crowd decides who they like more.


If Chris Dunn wins, the rules are, are that he becomes the new drummer for KILL TONY and has to move to Austin, Texas and literally be the drummer every week. I can already tell the crowd hates this idea. They love Michael Gonzalez. But let's see what's gonna happen. Ladies and gentlemen going first. This is Chris Dunn.


All right. He lost a stick there at one point. Doesn't get much more embarrassing than that unless you count the set that he had earlier. Alright, we got a little replay of him losing his stick. Let's see that real quick, Anthony. Let's see it absolutely embarrassing. Everything's going okay and then God. Oh, and it hits him in the head. Jesus. We didn't even notice that the first time. Let's see it again. You see the replay up there? It's unbelievable. I mean, even God himself is like, Nope, look at that. Alright, here to defend his throne undefeated at all time in Mexican ops.


This is the legend himself. The one true Mexican King Michael Gonzalez.


Wow. Well, oh boy. I mean, what can I say? There was Kid Rock noticed your bell B Davoa homage in there. How many of you have Chris Dunn winning the Mexican drama? How many of you have Michael Gonzalez winning? Wow. Wow, wow. I wish there was an even smaller joke book I could give you. Chris, this is a stunning, stunning performance.


Congratulations. It could have gone anyway, but it went terrible for you, Chris. That's the heart, that's the nature of the beast. The thumping heart of KILL TONY. And you are a prime example of fuck. There he goes, Chris. Done everybody and done. And you hear that music, you know that the Mexican has retained victory yet again.


This podcast is sponsored by Blue Chew Guys have better sex with Blue Chew. Blue Chew is the original brand offering chewable tablets for better sex. And starting now, blue Chew is offering a combo so strong it'll knock your socks off and your neighbor's socks off. You'll have to move towns with the amount of noise you'll be making. Blue Chew Max has arrived and it combines the active ingredients of Viagra and Cialis into one chewable. The combo acts fast and let tell you guys be ready when she needs it and get your first month of Blue Chew free. Great Sex is a few clicks away. Sign up@bluechew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within Days. Blue Chew tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. I'd love to hear more from the KILL TONY residents expert Red band. Oh hey, what's up Tony? I love Blue Chew. They're giving the best ed treatment out there. Blue Chew won't stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house. That is the mission. They say there's nothing sexier than confidence. And Blue Chew can help you with your confidence where it counts In your pants. Ooh, make life easier by getting harder. And discover your options@bluechew.com And we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of Blue Chew Free. When you use promo code Tony, just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code tony bza blu chew.com for more details and important safety information. And we thank Blu Chew for sponsoring the podcast.


This podcast is brought to you by Aura. By the time you hear about a data breach, your information has already been exposed. For months. On average, companies take 277 days to report a breach. That's nine months where hackers have access to your personal data, your name, address, phone number, even your social security number before you even know it's out there. Think about it, nine months is enough time for criminals to open accounts in your name, rack up debt, and disappear all while you're left dealing with the mess. And when the company finally tells you it's too late, the damage is already done. Data breaches aren't slowing down, they're getting bigger and the delays in reporting them aren't helping. Right now. Your personal information could already be on the dark web and you wouldn't even know it. How long do you wanna wait before taking action? That's why we're thrilled to partner with Aura. Aura monitors the dark web for for users, phone numbers, emails and social security numbers, delivering real-time alerts if any suspicious activity is detected. Additionally, aura provides up to $5 million in identity theft insurance offering a robust safety net. In the event of a worst case scenario, aura goes the extra mile by scanning the dark web for your sensitive info and alerting you instantly if anything is found. And if Id theft strikes, no need to panic or as US-based 24 7 broad resolution team works around the clock to fix it fast and get you back on track. Or is a complete online safety toolkit, which includes a variety of other features to keep you safe online, including A VPN for Secure Browsing. Data Broker. Opt-out to stop companies from selling your personal information, a password manager to help you create and store strong passwords and more for a limited time Aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial plus a check of your data to see if your personal information has been leaked online. All for free when you visit aura.com/defense. That's aura.com/defense to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a U ra.com/defense. Certain terms apply, so be sure to check the site for details.


Oh my God. Wait a second, wait a second. That's Feminist Stacey. Oh my God. Wait a second. We know this lady from the first hundred episodes of the show, feminist Stacey, one of the famous old band members, a feminist out of Los Angeles, California. How did you become one of the bucket pole girls? Feminist Kid Rock meet, clit rock. Oh God. Oh no. And Yes, it's at least five inches. Oh my God, I cannot even imagine what that pussy looks like.


Your beard is unkempt feminist Stacey. I'm not taking my my estrogen pills at the moment. Oh Jesus. You are extra angry tonight. Look at you, you savage beasts. It's amazing all the booze that we've gotten tonight. The place is completely quiet for a feminist in fucking Nashville. Feminist Stacey, what are you up to? Oh, Well I've been in Austin trying to support women's rights to choose so more KILL TONY. Regulars aren't born. Oh my God. Why do you make these faces? Oh no, don't do that. Feminist Stacey.


Oh no. Oh God. Oh, disgusting. Mark Norman, I'm gonna queep on you next. No, don't do it Stacey. I'll Do it. I'll do it. No, Don't do it. Anyone else? Hard Feminist Stacey. Looks a lot like Jeremiah Watkins, the former band leader of the show outta Los Angeles, California. Many global tours under his belt now doing, of course, all of his own shows. Working with Dr. Phil, working with the goddamn Comedy Jam. Working with fucking stand up on the side. Stand up on the spot. Really? He is part of every fucking comedy show in the world. And it's good to see your face bucket pool number five will indeed be next.


How about one more time for feminist Stacey with a little kid? I love you Nashville. Yikes. A little blast from the past of KILL TONY. Alright, your next bucket bowl makes some noise. Oh, Jesus Christ. Can't we all do this at once? All right, here they are. We're keeping it moving. Thank you ladies. How about one more time for Heidi and Val? God damn. I mean Heidi's ass is unbelievably ridiculous. Usually I can keep it professional and not audibly say that, but how about one more time for Heidi's ass? Everyone you can tell America is back by the sweet cakes of Heidi's ass.


Alright, your next bucket poll goes by the name of Mitch Inger. Everyone, 60 seconds uninterrupted from Mitch Inger. As someone who works in the field of marine biology, sometimes people ask me about sea level rise because that's a scary thing you hear about. And I have to say, I'm not really all that worried about our ocean levels like rising up because for me I just see that as job growth. You know, like my, I'm just getting more to explore. My career is growing at an alarming rate of a quarter inch a year. Which to put that into perspective, that's the same rate that my hair is falling out.


So if you see me in like a year from now, now you can look at the top of my head and then decide if you still really wanna invest in that ocean front property. One of my favorite facts about sea turtles is that there, one of my favorite facts about sea turtles is that their sex is determined by the temperature of their nest. So if the sand is really warm, then they develop as females and if the sand is cold, they develop as males. 'cause even in the world of sea turtles, males and females cannot not agree on what temp did I go over time? No. Even in the world of sea turtles, males and females cannot not agree on what temperature the thermostat should be set to. Alright. Jesus fucking Christ dork. A very oceanic set.


What's your question exactly? I'm curious. I'm worried I missed the, what's that? You're, you didn't go over your time. You just talked about dorky ocean shit for 60 seconds. Oh, I like to talk about, that's why I was worried. I got the Are you a comic or a substitute teacher? Yeah, exactly. That was fucking odd. How long you been doing standup? About a year and a half. A year and a half is all of your material that you've written. Ocean stuff. What the fuck was that? Like 60% of it. Why? Because it's what I do. I like passionate about the sea. You know? What exactly about the sea are you passionate about? I don't, it's what I do for a living. What do you do for a living? So I, I'm an Aquarius, so I'm in a department called Aquatic Sustainability with Oh boy.


Yeah. This is the only time I'm not, I'm not a Greta Thornberg. That's not what I'm, don't worry I'm Ocean Life is the only time you're around something wet. Ah. So what exactly is your job at the aquarium or whatever? So aquatic sustainability, it's basically trying to make like a lot of facilities, like more aquatic sustainable for the environment. Like oceans, like aquariums and things like that. So I'm, they hate the ocean. I mean, yeah, nobody really gives a fuck.


It's giant bodies of water and nothing seems to really be changing drastically. Tennessee is landlocked motherfucker. Oh yeah, I know. I used to live in Tennessee. I used to live in Tennessee. Where do you live now? I live in Atlanta. Okay. Alright. There we go. Okay. What's a redeeming exciting quality about you? Is there anything that fucking isn't aquarium related? Because much like an aquarium, you are tanking right now. I know. No. Like any fun facts, I can wiggle my ears individually. Whoa, that's actually crazy. I've never heard of such a thing. Look right out there at that red light on that camera and do one ear at a time.


Let's see what we got here. Kid Rock. Oh wait, you could do it. Oh my God. Wait, Kid Rock can do it. Holy shit. Kid Rock has 145 more talents than you. That's incredible. Kid Rock, international fucking superstar for three plus decades. It's like, I got that too. My ear Wiggling. I'm going to take for the fifth consecutive year White boy of the year once again.


Hell yeah. Wow. Mitch Inger. And so you thought that some of that aquatic material was just gonna crush this arena tonight? No. Okay. So you kind of were planning on doing bad. Well, you know, just chances of getting on her, you know, so I was like, well, you know, I got my Marine. Let me ask you this, Mitch. I got my stuff. You're here right now. You're still here. You're still in it. Yeah. Are you glad you signed up? Yes. Okay. Well, at least you have a good attitude, Ladies and gentlemen. Mitch Inger, everybody. We are running out a little tiny joke books, fast Bones, eyes, nowhere to be found.


I think he might be in the back sewing some up right now. This is unprecedented. The amount of little joke books that are going out. We get to take a break from Bucket Pools for just a moment. And this is a very special moment, Ladies and gentlemen, because this spot was given out to this person many, many months ago because it was decided as soon as we knew we were doing the Bridge Stonery in Nashville, that this specific all time great golden Ticket winner deserved a spot. Here she is from Nashville, Tennessee, one of the all time great Golden Ticket winners.


Her first time here at Bridgestone Arena. Make some noise for the great and powerful Fiona Colley. Wait a second, she looks better than ever. That's Heidi. Oh, one more time for Fiona Calling.


Hell yeah. So I did recently get engaged. I, I really use the hell out of my Make a Wish. I'm marrying John Zena. Oh my God. No, my, my fiance, he is like a good bit older than me and the only like, okay.


The only real difference I've noticed there is when I give him road head, I guess all head I give is kinda road head. When I give him Rhead though, he will turn his hazards on like, what the fuck? Safety first. Yeah.


Thank y'all so much. Fiona Cauley. Let's check in with Mark Norman first. Well, I Gotta say, you sucked Dick. You're in a wheelchair. You're like, Steven Hawk, Tua, Boom. Holy shit. That is without a doubt, your Doritos joke of the night, ladies and child. Wow. Fiona, how amazing is this? You're here in your hometown down the street from your home club.


You have some family in attendance. I do believe you look fantastic. Thank deal. Life is perfect Kid. Rock Born and raised Nashville. Born and raised. Yeah. And you know, we call that here. She's a fucking unicorn, right? Yeah. God damn right. Kid. Rock meet. Kid roll. That's if you guys were in a band, that would be the name. Rock and Roll. Oh yeah. Rock and Road Head. How exciting that you're officially engaged. I know. That's amazing. Anyone can do it.


Amazing. Amazing. Is your, is your father gonna roll you down the aisle? No, I think I'm just gonna like Army Crawl or something. The best. This is one of those moments that can only happen on this fucking show. Just magical dialogue. And he's, he's older, right? So you'll both be in a motorized scooter soon. Yeah. I'm excited to teach him how to use it, you know?


Hell yeah. I love it. Seriously though, is your father in your life? Is that how that works? Does he kind of like, is he just gonna like, hold your joystick and push it slightly forward and walk alongside of you? How does this work exactly? No, my mom will walk, walk me down the, yeah. Oh, okay. Perfect. Yeah. Well, we have good news for you. We are here at Bridgestone Arena and the great people at Bridgestone have donated a new set of tires for it is incredible. So you can go through any type of weather, ice.


If the snow tries to stop you, you will plow right through it. It is incredible. And Wait, is your dad not around? He's somewhere. Oh, geez. He really missed out on some parking. Yeah, That's a really good point. And Wind, when did, when did your dad, was he ever part of your life? He was, yeah. And then when you got sick with this debilitating disease, he hit the road. Yeah, kinda. Really? Oh geez, I was kidding.


Oh my God. Every once in a while I ask a question. You just find out that's that truth together. You know, why don't you, I bet he ends up watching this. Why don't you look at that camera and talk, tell your dad exactly how you I'm okay. Fuck him. Yeah, yeah. He, he is somewhere I heard recently he said, I stopped speaking to him because I got famous, but, Ooh, I like that.


Yeah. Good for you. Spicy. Let's change the narrative. Yeah, I like that storyline. God damn right. He didn't walk out on you. You rolled out on him. Yeah. No, I, I army grilled away from this. Fiona, you are an absolute fucking icon. You are. I mean, in this little KILL TONY Universe, you might be one of the most beloved people. And tonight you came out fucking guns a blazing and absolutely crushed it. I've been so looking forward to this for you, and it's awesome.


You did it. The American dream. How loud can this place get for the great Fiona Cauley? Huh? Stand Hot Wheels. I'm not gonna, alright. I mean that standing ovation was a little offensive. All right.


I do believe we have a bucket pool in the back. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a one word name. Make some noise for maniac. Ladies and gentlemen. Maniac, it's a one word name. This should be interesting. Alright. Actually, this is Matt Atkins. They weren't able to find maniac, I guess, and they handed me the piece of paper. So this is Matt Atkins. One more time for Matt Atkins. Yeah, so I've been doing comedy for about a year and a half, give or take. And you know, people, they ask you how do you come up with jokes? What's your writing process? Sorry, I'm out of breath, but, and I tell 'em Well, it's pretty simple, man.


It's a lot like my ex, you know, after a few drinks, they really start hitting me, you know, you know, I'm built kind of like Bugs Bunny, but you know, I eat more than carrots. I eat ass too. Yeah, you eat ass. Hell yeah. I also kind of look like Jesus if he sold Fentanyl, you know? Yeah. I don't get it. Like, he's kind of gaslighting us talking about, oh, I came back from the dead in three days. Fuck. Well, whatever. Dude, we do that nowadays. No problem. We got Narcan, dude. What's the big fucking deal? He needs to come back down here and see things.


It changed a little bit, right? That's it, I guess. Matt Atkins, welcome to the show, Matt. Thank you so much. Tony. How long you been doing standup? A year and a half. Give or take. Where at all? In the, here in Nashville. I've, I go to Nashville, I go to Huntsville. I started in venue two 20 in Pulaski where the KKK was founded. Oh wow. Very exciting Kid. Rock is Kid Rock is hard as a rock right now. What do you do for work? Well, I'm a painter. I, I paint, not like artistry, but like houses and stuff.


Okay. Commercial. Whatever. Whatever you got. Okay. Absolutely. What do you do for fun? You look like you have some interesting habits. I mean, I kind of like to do any, a lot, man. I, I'm a skateboarder, a fucking I'll go hiking, I'll fish. Hell yeah. I'm like an a TV as a person, you know, all over the place. Okay. I Love it. How about drugs? You look like you've done every drug except for a daily multivitamin. Let's see, acid mushrooms. One time in Indiana, I did a Suboxone and I almost fucking died. Tell us about that. Yeah, so I was like, we, me and the homies, we, I won a contest at Hardee's. I worked at Hardee's and yeah, one of the people there was like, dude, sign up, you might fucking get on.


I was like, I ain't no way, but here, you know what, if I do, I'll take you with me. I got on and then we was at the hotel and he's like, man, we need some weed. And I was like, dude, I'll find some weed. Watch a dude come walking out. And the way he walked out, he had that, I'm a dealer walk and I was like, he's got it. So I went over there and he's like, man, I can't get you no weed 'cause my dude's outta town. But I got these Suboxone strips and I don't know. What did it make you feel like For about 10 minutes, I felt really good. We were, I was rapping Tech nine in the trunk and Hell yeah. And a few other things. I was hanging out with this dog named Chico at the hotel. And then Was was the dog real? Yeah, the dog was real.


Okay. Some old lady's dog and then, shit, I don't know. We went to Wendy's and I think that's where it went downhill. Ah. I got a frosty And that made me throw up. And That's actually happened. A red band. He just overdosed on the Wendy's one time Now. Oh shit. Had a little blood sugar attack, didn't you? Big boy. Come on. Come on. I love it. Tell us the craziest thing about your life that other than your near overdose that you would find interesting about. I got my hair ripped out by a drill, which was, I thought it was my shirt too. I, I didn't even know. And my headphones, but shit, I don't know. I got struck by lightning kind, I guess. Oh, some What?


You got struck by Lightning. Yeah, well it hit the house and I was hanging onto the back when refrigerators and freezers were separate. I was hanging on in my Spider-Man costume and that's when I found out, don't fuck with electro, you know, I swear to God I was in a, a Spider-Man costume and it hit the house. I was like, and I, I swear to God, I flew from here to probably that stair set right there, dude, up against the wall. I never felt nothing like that. No power like that before. Shit was crazy. Did did it change you? Did you notice a difference? Did it give you any special powers or anything? I feel like I could move quicker after that. Can we see how fast you can, can you put the mic in the mic stand and show us some of the quick movements that you can do.


Look out in the LeBron. Wow, Dude, you gotta start a cult. Oh dude, I've been told that I could be a cult leader. Actually, I'm not even playing. Oh yeah, I can see it. That's the third person now. Within a week that's told me that. I'm just thinking about the thought of like something, Can I get a fist bump from? Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah, bro. You're like Charles Manson, but without all the ladies, right? Yeah. And he killed. All right. Matt Atkins. I like your style. Here's a big Nashville joke book. My friend Lightning Does Strike twice.


Another drop joke book by Matt Atkins. Alright, we finally wrangled a one word name all the way from Section 1 0 4 Roby C 12. We thought we had, what was that, mark? You're throwing plates over there. No, I'm trying to get it To the crowd, but it's, oh, the wind caught it.


This podcast is sponsored by Blue Nile. Consider this your official notice that Mother's Day is fast approaching Sunday. The 11th of May is the day for all the moms in our lives. So let's show them how much we care this year. Go for a gift that ignites her smile and maybe even triggers a few tears with a special piece of jewelry from Blue Nile dot com. At Blue Nile, you'll find thousands of independently graded diamonds and find jewelry pieces at prices below your expectations as the original online jeweler. Since 1999, peace of Mind comes with every Blue Nile purchase. Thanks to some of the highest quality standards in the jewelry industry. Compliment mom's classic taste by designing a one of a kind diamond pendant or a A piece with brilliant style with a classic tennis bracelet. Need to know more about a particular piece. Blue Nile jewelry experts are waiting twenty four seven via phone or chat From text specs to budget res, they'll help you find a piece your mom will love. Red Band. Oh, Tony, I love Blue Nile. They make such classy pieces at affordable price points. It's so easy to purchase amazing jewelry from their website. I think I'm gonna get my mom a heart diamond this Mother's Day. Oh, Hard diamond, right? You the sweetest little boy. My goodness. That is so thoughtful Red band. Your gift will stay safe because every Blue Nile order is insured and arrives in packaging that won't give away what's inside and in most cases even delivered overnight. And wave goodbye to buyer's remorse because Blue Nile also offers 30 day returns and a diamond price match guarantee. So treat Mom right this Mother's Day. Enjoy the ease of convenience by shopping Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to Blue Nile dot com today. That's Blue Nile dot com.


Right now the Home Depot has spring deals under $20. So what are you working on? If you're planning on cooking out this season, head to the home so you can fire up the grill with deals on charcoal. Right now, get two 16 pound bags of Kingsford charcoal for only 1788 was 1998. Don't miss Spring deals under $20 now through May 7th at the Home Depot. Subject to availability. Valid on select items only.


Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for the long awaited maniac. Ladies and gentlemen, the KILL TONY debut of maniac. Fun fact. I'm not racist. In fact, my ex-wife is black. We were married for eight years, three kids together. And just because I hate that bitch doesn't mean I hate all black people. It's case by case. Another fun fact, I used to fuck my couch. Oh yeah. When I was a kid. I fucked the shit outta that couch.


The problem is I trained on this couch and the cushions go straight up and down just like this. And that's how I trained. I'd lay on top and punch straight down. So when I got my first piece of pussy, my angles were off pussy's. More of an upshot. Right? So I had this poor girl laying on the bed and I'm just laying on top of her and I'm just stabbing straight down and just fucking the shit out of the crease between her thighs. And I'm just giving it to her for like 30 seconds. And then she stops me and she says, Hey guy, it's not even in. And I had already finished Roofing.


Wow. Maniac. Holy shit. Look at the energy on this guy. Incredible. Mark Norman. What do you think? Was The couch still at the Raymore and Flanagan when you fucked it? Or was it Every time Baby. Every time. Wow. Was it A black couch? Yes, absolutely. Leather. You know the one oh leather, you know the one I on the couch too? Maniac. You are energized. Are you on Adderall or something right Now? No sir. No sir. Just manic. This is just natural. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're manic. Yeah. Do you have high highs and low lows? Absolutely. Yes sir. Yes sir. How often did these manic episodes happen for you? My wife would've, to tell you specifics, but pretty much every week, you know, we grind and then of course exciting stuff like this, bro.


I'm manic as a motherfucker right now. How y'all doing? Wow. I love it. You're very honest. A lot, lot of people that come up here with bipolar disorder are not aware of it at all. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's got ups and downs syndrome. So let's talk about it. How long you been doing standup? Four months next week. Four Months. Wow. You serious? Serious sir. One of the least experienced comedians out of everyone yet somehow you stayed in the pocket delivering your stuff, super into it. Yes sir. You didn't lose traction, nothing threw you off at any point. What do you do for a living?


I do HVAC. Commercial, industrial? Yes sir. Okay. And you said that you're married, which is very surprising. How long long You are married with seven kids. You have seven kids? Yes I do. Yes sir. Holy shit. Wow. Wow. Oh my god. Got manic last weekend and built 'em a tree house. 'cause that's what we do. Wow. How old are your kids From? So we got 18, 14, soon to be 13, 12, 11, 10 and six. Wow. Oh this is amazing. How's the 18-year-old turning out? She's doing fucking awesome. Got her own job. College.


Wow. She's going to college. Yes sir. Yes sir. Real regular college. Yes sir. Yes sir. Wow. You must be so proud. Absolutely. Absolutely. That's amazing. Damn. Seven kids. You're like Elon Musk without the Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The money. Just a bunch of rusty parts in the yard. Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is feline musk. Wow. So what do you normally do when you have this kind of manic energy when you're not building tree houses or doing standup? What do you do with it? So I pretty much grind seven days a week. I work for the greatest company Southern, MEP. And then I work for myself on the weekends doing HVAC residential and all that, you know.


And then I got a lot of hobbies, boxing, comedy, you know, doing shit with my kids. Like you box, I stay busy. It's a positive box. Let's see, some shadow boxes. I gotta, I gotta see it. I wanna see your form. Put that mic in the mic. Stand there. Let's see what we got. Whoa. He is a south pa, huh? Okay. Alright. Little tippy tappy. Alright. Incredible. You ever Been in a fight? Yeah. Was twice. So you say, who was she? A big girl. Incredible. Wow.


No smoke. What's the, how do you as a father, 'cause I cannot picture you as a father to an 18-year-old girl. Yeah, it's, wow. Has she ever brought any boys home or anything like that? No, she's gay. Yeah, we rocking out the har. Yeah, she came, she's got a, she's got a wonderful girlfriend. I love her to death. Right, right, right, right. She came to me about two, three years ago and she was like, daddy, I'm gay. You know, I hope, I hope this doesn't freak you out. And all I heard was no dicks. And so, Wow. You know what I mean? That's all a father can really ask for. I love it. You talk about that on stage?


No, not yet. Just now. You should. That's great. Keep And it's personal to you. Yes, sir. Amazing. Amazing. So you were truly pleased when she told you that she was gay? Absolutely. Absolutely. I love all my kids. And Let me ask you this, what's your oldest son's age? He's 14. 14. So what would you say if the 14-year-old boy told you that he was gay? I'd be freaked out if he was interested in touching anybody. No, no, no. Not if he was gay. My, my 14 year old's autistic, he battles epilepsy. He don't let no, he only let nurses touch him. So if he ever like wanted a connection with anyone in that kind of way, we would celebrate it. Absolutely. You know, you said hard swallowed maybe, but we would celebrate it.


Oh Wow. Yeah. Yeah. You said he suffers from epilepsy. Epilepsy, yeah. Oh yeah. I, I suffer from speaking weird. Yeah, yeah. No, I love it. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe where it comes from. I like your fucking style maniac. It's incredible. We got one big joke book for you buddy. Yes sir. Yes sir. Sir. Got it. Appreciate you big dog. Let's keep it moving along before we get back to this bucket. Ladies and gentlemen, I must s warn you, this place is about to get very loud. I'm bringing up another regular and it's a very special regular indeed.


This man has been an icon in the show's history. And soon I'm sure we will be able to get him his United States citizenship. But for now, he remains the Estonian assassin. Ari Matti.


I was walking home last night and guys will notice feeling, you know when you are walking late at night and you're like, behind the woman you don't know and you're walking the same direction and there's that tension. She turns left. You turn left, she turns right, you turn right and you're kind of in a rush. But you also don't want to seem like an assailant.


It gets really strange. You know, when you notice that she knows you are there as well. The body language changes a little bit. They start clutching the bag, warming up the hamstrings. And then there's a really tense moment. You know, like when they finally look and now you like, gotta try really hard to not walk like a rapist. Would a rapist do this?


Then you take an alternate route and then you reappear from another street. You gotta be like, don't worry, I just live where you live. Thank you so much, dude. Ari Matti for the record, with a new minute, 55 seconds. This guy never misses, never takes the show off and goes above and beyond. Basically doing two sets at once, almost a two minute long set.


Of course we let our regulars go as long as they want. Ari, how the fuck did that feel? You just did it again buddy. Thank you. That was, to be honest, I was kind of stressed back there. Huh? I love it. I You, when I, the show started, they started booing. I was like, oh dear God, if they born near this act out, I'm fucked. Huh? I love Nashville. Second time here for me. Oh my God. What a place. Tell us what, what do you love about it? The beautiful women. They got them. You got white girls that got some but Donka Don here. They do. Yeah. Yeah. I love that.


You notice that. Just A fucking, and I love the cellulite on your ass. I love it. Fucking It is. Feel those craters would come. There is a very real thing that happens that Hattie b ass. Yep. There's there's a belt. There's a big white girl ass belt. I noticed it 'cause I'm from Ohio and then when we went to la, everybody from Ohio that moved to California, notice that there's a fucking flat drop off. Girls from California tend to have no ass, no Ass California, no ass Right? No ass Bill Texas. They got good asses, but here and here and up into Ohio.


I'm sure Kid Rock actually knows, he actually probably has a map from his, a pirate ship like map of what? Of white girls' asses sizes around the globe. And the jean Shorts cut off with the boots Very nice. The jean shorts. Oh yeah. We love the jean shorts. That Hand was sticky. You gotta love it. Wear my white girls with jean shorts and fat asses tonight. Anywhere. This girl's raising her hand. How are we supposed to believe that? Get on. Good. Get on your chair, you slut.


I am a white girl with jean shorts and a fat ass. I guess everyone is, no one's beaten our sweet little fucking tomato pie up here. Hell yeah. Hey Kool-Aid. I Love it. Kid Rock. Oh my God. Such a big fan. Such an honor to meet you. I love you. Thank you. I love we both say the N word. I love it. It's God's country. I Love it. I love that Barry. I love the, the the little Boy church shirt you got ready tonight?


It's my Def Jam shirt today. I saw it at the store. I was like, it's Def Jam time. I thought it was picture day. It's like a Cosby Sweater. Eighties Gap commercial, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is a wild shirt. Would you get that from what, a vintage store or something? Yeah, I was at a secondhand store and I was skeptical 'cause it looked so big. But, but then I watched Def Jam all day. I was like, if, if they can pull it off, I got it. You know what I'm saying? I love it. I love it. I can't wait to get like a fucking onesie with my face on it. You know what I'm saying? You know that Def Jam shit. Bam. People will buy that. That's merch. Yeah. What else? Do you have fun up your sleeve here in Nashville? Any other big plans?


Fuck. I don't know. You've been eat eating good while you're here? Yeah, it's that chicken. They love the chicken. They love the fried chicken. Everything that gives you diarrhea. Yeah, They love, nobody has a, nobody has a solid shit in Nashville, huh? No Uhuh. There's no portion here. But you got the miscarriage with the food. You just pee out your butt. There's Verbiage, tacos, barbecue. It is a healthy flow here. You know, normally you go on the road and, and your body kind of clinches up a little bit. You know, you tend to retain, if you're a comedian out on weekends, it takes a day or two for you to come up with a solid shit.


Not in Nashville. Not in Nashville country. Fried fucking steak and eggs at the Sun Diner. My favorite breakfast here in Nashville. And right afterwards, both times today and yesterday. I'm just speeding back to the hotel. It is unbelievable. They Got that Gumbo. They really, hell you ain't got the gumbo. Yep. But no porn here on my phone. Nope. No. Crazy. Right. What the Fuck is that? I know. I didn't know what to do, so I, I bought a gun. I love it. Ari Matti, you are a goddamn superstar. Thank you everybody so much.


You did it again. You did it again. Folks. The juggernaut, the Estonian assassin. Ari Matti. We're trying to get him his American citizenship. It's a lot harder than you'd think it would be. You could probably make a call, right? Kid Rock knows a guy. Ooh, LA la Heidi and Val. Absolutely killing it tonight. Time for bucket pool number eight. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Ryan Sharp. Everybody, here we go. You guys still having fun out there?


Here he is. Ryan Sharp. How we doing tonight? It's weird. I'm 23. I'm from Pittsburgh and I went with a roommate and it's weird having, being an adult male with an adult male roommate because some nights I'll be at work and I work overnight so I don't get home till 2:00 AM and he'll text me like, Hey, there's a fresh batch of brownies on the counter. Don't forget to clean up after yourself. It feels like living with a wife sometimes. And other times I'll wake up at one 30 in the morning and I'll open my door and he'll just be standing there looking at me like that.


Like, Hey, did this look infected to you? But it's okay. It's okay to have those type of relationships with your homie where you can look at their fucking dark star and be like, no man, that looks totally fine. Yikes. So Ryan Sharp basically saying that, blah, blah, blah, blah. You have a roommate and your roommate showed you his butthole once story, you could have done that. Five, five seconds. It took you 60.


Okay. You're 23. How long have you been doing standup? About a year. Amazing. So is that your best joke? Yeah. Really? I, I never coined to be good at this. I, I got, I Do you have anything shorter? Do you have like one short joke? Do you have like something that's like 10 or 20 seconds long where it's like, ah, da da da da da. No. Boom. How is that possible? You must have one joke that has nothing to do with your roommate just showing you his butt hole. I'm rooting for you here. I'm trying to help you. 23.


There must be something, right? You got a one liner or something. Shut the fuck up With who? Boo's. A 23-year-old. You fucking dorks. Shut up. None of you chased your dreams at 22. So stop being a faggot. Okay. Stop it. You could boo the fucking 40 year olds that have been doing it eight years, but don't boo a 23-year-old one year in and that's coming from me. You Got a, you got a short joke. Pull Your dick out.


Okay, we're gonna, we're going to create you a short joke right now just by asking you the right questions about your life. You ready? Yeah. You just gotta answer honestly. You're 23. Did you go to school? No, I dropped out Of college. No, 10th grade. Okay, sweet. You dropped outta 10th grade. What made you drop outta high school at 10th grade? The prison system. Tell us more. Whoa. I was a really bad drug dealer. Yeah. And I got arrested in school. And How did you get arrested? Some kids like, oh, his backpack smells like weed and they searched me and I had a quarter ounce of weed on my, on my backpack.


Yep, that'll do it. Have you been selling drugs since then? No. No. That made you stop? Yeah. Did you go to the juvenile justice system? Oh yeah. I was there for about three years. Three years? Yeah. Oh my god. It's like the Lil Wayne of lil kids. That's incredible. They put you in juvie for three years? Yeah. Fuck. How old were you when you got caught with the weed in your backpack? 16. 16. And they kept you there until you were 19? Yeah. Yeah, I got out right after my 19th Birthday. You were like the oldest kid in juvie? No, not really.


Really? Yeah. I've never even heard of such a thing keeping a 19-year-old in that system. Okay. Alright. So you're a shitty drug dealer. What do you do for work now? I'm a manager at Chipotle. Hell yeah. Let's talk about it. Hell yeah. How long have you been a manager at Chipotle? About six months. Are where is the Chipotle? Pittsburgh? Yes. Most of the people that work for you, are they white, Mexican, Mostly black. Okay. We're getting closer now. We're almost to the joke. Can you guys feel it?


A lot of black people working for you at a place and what's that like? Ryan Feels good to have. No, I'm joking. I love it. He stopped himself and said, I'm joking. You did it. That's a joke. Feels good to have black people working for you, doesn't it? Indeed it does. When you tell them what to do, do they always listen to you? You seem like you'd be kind of easy to bully. No, they, they listen to me. I'm the most well-rounded manager we Have. When you say you're the most well-rounded manager, I mean in more way than one.


Yeah, Sure. But what are the other managers like? Brain dead and retarded. Wow. Let me be the first to tell you you're fired. You no longer work at Chipotle. That's a wrap. That'll be the best thing that happened up on this stage. Yeah. Okay. You Get free burritos? Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Hell yeah. If you couldn't tell. That's all I eat is food from work. Absolutely. What do you do for fun, Ryan? You're 23, you're in Pittsburgh. What do you do when you wanna get wild?


I, my buddy's actually a comic that I'm here with and I record a lot of his stuff and I go out and do open bikes and support all, all the bros and shit. Sure. Other than ComEd, is there something else that you're into? Any other hobbies? Music. What do you do musically? I produce music. Yeah. Do you ever sing? Not as Much anymore, but IS Do. What do you do? You sing. What was that You ever sing? No. No? What do you do exactly? I just make beats and mix and master. All right. Incredible. Most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you Besides this.


This has to be up there. Come on Ryan. This is what you want. I, I can, can't think of anything. Come on Virgin. No. Alright. Do you have any special moves in the bedroom that you do? Have you ever done a trick that works for you? You have any special things you do to please a woman in the bedroom? Pretty sure that's called sexual harassment nowadays. No, not, not if she can senses. Ryan, I'm saying that when you're having sex with a consenting woman, do you have any tricks or anything that you do?


Any special maneuvers You eat burrito bowl? Yeah. Yeah. I pour the burrito. I I take the burrito and I empty it out and then eat it out of her. That's my, my special Go-to Jesus Christ. Ryan, you are crazy. This, this is wild. Do you love doing standup? It, it's a fun hobby. I'm, I'm not really good at it, but I, I do it anyway. It's just for the love of it. It's fun to get on stage and embarrass myself. There you go. I guess that's about as good as it's gonna fucking get with the styles of Ryan Clark. Ladies and gentlemen. There he goes. Is any woman willing to fuck him? There's a dude that raised his couple dudes raised their hands.


One guy, Sorry buddy. I tried. Can't Believe, Can't believe he's not luring those black chicks from work back to his apartment with those sick beats. He's Probably been, yeah, yeah. Ryan Clark. Sick beats. That is something to imagine, Ladies and gentlemen, it's perfect that that set was pretty lackluster because I have something on deck that you are not going to fucking believe. Not only is this one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show, he also happens to be one of only three living members of the KILL TONY Hall of Fame.


This is a very special surprise drop in from KILL TONY Legend, one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. One of the greatest roasters on planet earth. This is David Lucas.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm sick of this body positivity shit. They tried to make it real popular a few years ago with Lizzo and even she was tired of being a fat bitch. She lost weight. They tried to make us start feeling bad for fat people again this year. And I'm a fat person. I don't think the world should accommodate big back motherfuckers. You know the, y'all saw that shit where that fat ass girl tried to suit Uber because she couldn't fit in the car. It is like, bitch, you know, you ordered the wrong size Uber.


You should have ordered a tow truck. You know you can't let nobody that size get in your car, that bitch get in your car, your fucking oil light. Come on man. That's, if she would've tried to get into my car, I would've turned into a Japanese granddaddy i'd. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Oh no. Too big Hugh Pix Ice. I love Nashville. It's full of white women. Yeah. I feel like if I don't fuck white women then Martin Luther King died in vain.


All right, that's my time. David Lucas. Thank David Lucas. Yeah. Martin Luther King size comedy Looking Tony Nigga you got on Netflix without showing your pussy. I'm surprised. I was like I know they gonna have this nigga topless on the first episode. Hell yeah. Your sweat is streaming everywhere right now. You got on that shit that can't get wet, Tony. So we don't know if you sweating Kid Rock. What's up Kid? Rock. What's happening bro? Kid Rock of course.


Friends with the greatest president of the United States of America. A fun fact about David Lucas that you might not have guessed by looking at him is that David surprisingly is right wing. Yeah right thigh and right breast. David's been up to the house. Yeah. Yeah. I've been to your house kid around you. A partying motherfucker bro. Yeah, you actually look dehydrated today nigga. Somebody. He was at the house last night. Hell yeah. We had fun last night at the Southern White House. David was at the Southern Waffle House.


Yeah. Damn. Tony, we you the only nigga that took his pants off when he walked in the Kid Rock House. Liz. They got asses out. I love it David. Oh yeah. You are a beast. Hell Yeah bro. How You been? How you been enjoying Nashville? Oh bro. Nashville dope bro. Gotta hang out with Kid Rock and Mark Norman last night. Who was in that bitch till 5:00 AM dog? You know what I'm, We were, yeah, Kid Rock is the most partying motherfucker and we found out he only has two jokes that he says all night. Nigga, look at him. Kid Rock. You need a IV nigga you don't look All right bro.


You look like David Spade with aids. Fucking hell of a weak Kid. Rock look like the T move version of Randy Johnson. I look like fucking Brad Armpit. And you look like one of them things we used to have as a kid where you gotta drop it in water for dig, expand nigga. You, you look dehydrated nigga. Your ass need a sip Water. Somebody bring this nigga a liquid IV. Man. I don't Like white trash. Ellen So great. Tony was the only girl to come to Kid Rock House and not get fucked. I got lucky. I got, I got outta there. Just you don't know that.


Yeah, Couple of more beers boy them but goddamn cowboy boots with a been on the side. Good. Nothing. Yeah, Mark Good Rock's got a lot of women. But David was the only one whipped last night. No. Can I tell the joke? Can I tell the joke Driving up the kid Rock's house? Sure. Alright. If I tell it, it's not racist. So I'm, I'm the only black person in this suburban driving up the Kid Rock Southern Mansion. Right. And I noticed that I was the only black person after we had to enter a gate and wind around a curve. And I'm like, damn it ain't no other niggas in the car.


Y'all could do whatever y'all want to me right now. And Tony was like, we actually brought you to fight his other one. I was like, can't run That One. Oh yeah, There's Bojangles Unchained Mark you got on Capri pants nigga, shut your Ass over. You got your ankles out like Heidi nigga, what the fuck wrong with You? You missing Ari Matti was wearing your shirt from eighth grade.


It is true. We went from Ari Matti to Ari Fatty. This is incredible. Tony, Shut the fuck up nigga. You look like you about to assassinate a nigga with the pressure coming outta your ass. I put a 7, 6 2 round in that ass boy. You could shoot a nigga from a half a mile away. I know it. It'd be silent. All you hear is, oh nigga drop dead. Oh. Oh. What a wild thing. I thought Kid Rock was gonna talk more shit tonight. All the shit we was talking last night. Oh he, well it's A school night. It is.


I have a show tomorrow. I don't drink before shows so I'm a little Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. This nigga heart don't start beating to tequila. Touch his tongue. It is fitting that you're here at Bridge Stone Arena since you are burnt rubber. I do it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. Boy you got skid marks on the front of your drawers. Nigga Told Her you look like the type of man that let other people fart in your pants. I don't know what it means, but it was funny.


David's been eating lunch at Hattie Bees and dinner at Hepatitis Bees. Tony looking like the type of nigga to get in bed with a big T-shirt and a bowl of ice cream. Bitch, You're fucking killing me Tonight. This is a, this is a one sided fucking victory for you. Hell yeah. It's like we sitting on the opposite sides of the car, you know what I'm saying? Kid Rock. That's my nigga. What's up Bobby? What Up? Yeah, go for it. Come on. Call him. What you wanna call him The N word? I'm just joking. Don't do it Mark. Don't get that man in trouble. He don't give a fuck. I fucking around. No kid rock's the only white person to put the N word on an album and nobody says shit.


That's how bad ass he is. No fucks no political correctness. Zero The American Dream. The First Amendment at its finest. But that makes you free dog. You ain't like the rest of these gay ass artists that can't even sleep at night. You're free. It's true. Thank you. You're free too. Now Mark looked like he would've owned the only tranny slave plantation. The whole, A plantation full of RuPauls. I dunno.


David Lucas. Yes sir. Ladies and gentlemen. Yes sir. You know what time it is. Done it again. You are a legend. The Hall of Famer. One of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. One more time for the great and powerful king of the Roads. David Lucas. Everybody, the man, the myth, the legend. We are flying through it. We're almost there. Let's get another bucket. Pull up, make some noise for Max. Tidy everyone. Max tidy the KILL TONY debut of Max Tidy. There's Heidi and here's Max Tidy.


Hey, so I, I seen a video of a guy killing a bear with a blow dart gun the other day. Yeah. 'cause that's what pops up when you type in. Guy blows Bear Nashville. We shave our balls in here. We shave in our balls. Yeah. Yeah. I, I like to do mine with a straight razor act like I'm holding my dick hostage. I start saying weird shit and I'm like, you know how I got these scars? My dick looks up like circumcision.


Oh man, you guys, this crowd probably doesn't have to imagine, but imagine getting into the Ku Klux Klan and finding out you're not a racist. How embarrassing is that? You gotta get the tattoo covered up. Just says J-K-K-K-A solid. Cool. I'll take that one in a good note. So Max Tidy, welcome to the show. How's it going? Good. How long you doing standup comedy? Nine years. Where At? South Bend, Indiana mainly.


Wow. Is that, that's where you still live? Yeah. Why? What made you stay in South Bend? A child. Okay. You made a child. That's happened. Oh, are you dating one? Oh, I'm not Kid Rock bro. Oh man. It takes a set of ball with the balls to make a joke like that. You've Seen the crowd he is been running with. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh man. Epstein's Island. It's a joke. Okay dude. My family loves Kid Rock, bro. My family loves Kid Rock Max, you better fucking oh dude.


Show God damn respect of the king himself. Give It up for Kid Rock. Get let him here. Come on. Well you don't need to do that. I'm trying. And you already love Him. A lot of hosting. You're turn, you're okay. Max, is that your real name? Max Tidy. Max tidy. What Do you do for work? I work at a dispensary. Okay. How old's your kid? Six years old. Six years old. And you're able to support yourself in the kid off of a dispensary job? Yeah, We've been doing the thing. Me, me, me, me, me, me. All of it. In Indiana. That's legal there. I I work in Michigan. I just recently moved to Indiana. Okay, so you drive up to Michigan? Yes. And you work there. How long is your drive? Daily. It's Like half an hour.


Okay. Yeah. And what were you doing before the job at the dispensary? I worked at a whiskey distillery. Okay. Alright. Gateway Occupations. And have you ever thought about, are you still with the mom? No. Okay. Does she have visitation rights? Yeah, we like, we have like a schedule set Up. Okay. And how often do you have the kid? I get him like for my two days a week and then like every other Sunday. Then like once a quarter I get him for a week straight. Talking about like my visitation rights right now. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah, that's the decision that I made. I like that Kid Rock. Assuming those are super supervised visits.


Dude, my dad loves you bro. Why do you keep saying that? Everybody's fucking dad loves Kid Rock. That's a point. You're stating the obvious here. That's a good point. Half the country. Yeah. Okay, max, what do you think is the most interesting thing about you? You've seen this show before. You understand the interview portion of this show A little bit. I, Hmm. I don't know about most interesting thing. I could make them not like me more. Okay. Do it if that's what you're gonna, can I do One more? I do one more bit. I mean it's a how long's the bet? It's like 30 seconds. 30 Maybe. 20. Let's Make it 20. Let's make it 20. Have you guys heard everybody mad about these pirate guns?


You guys heard everybody mad about these pirate guns? The R 15? Oh god. Yeah. I think they're mad about the shooting at that pirate bar. The Sandy Hook. Okay, we're gonna save you. Here's a medium joke book. There goes max tidy everybody. Oh, there he goes. We have a special treat for you Ladies and gentlemen. We're running a little bit ahead of schedule here, so I'm gonna get this guy up here. He is not a golden ticket winner. He is not a regular, but he is a developed character on the show. Make some noise. This is the Nashville Arena debut of Uncle Lazer.


Y'all could tell I was probably addicted to cocaine at some point in my life and I quit. But summer's coming, so we'll see. You know, we'll fucking see. It sucks quitting shit. You're great at. Listen, I'm great at cocaine. I can turn to Sunday fun into a no call show. No. Monday ain't a motherfucking instant. You hear me? But I had to quit and started smoking pots and this little hippie bitch here. She all right, shut up. Listen. She smokes this shit called dabs. Y'all ever done dabs?


God, well listen for those. Y'all don't know what dabs are. It is the highest rated THC. Basically when you smoke dabs, it gives you down syndrome for the rest of the week. Okay? He got shit to do that day. Not going to fucking get to it. All right. And then she wants to get off section with me. She's like, hit me with that horse cock daddy. And I'm like, first off, who talks like that? You know, second of all, you're gonna be lucky to get my little pony, you know? 'cause I got cerebral palsy at this point. She goes, Hey, are you okay? Do you need anything? I go, no. My mom's coming to get me. Don't worry about it. My name's uncle last you. I've been fucking great Uncle Lazer coming from a place of experience and honesty, talking about what he knows.


Very real stuff. This is the real guy. Live in the flesh. This is who he is. This is what he does. He keeps a harmonica on him at all times and a pair of outfielder sunglasses. He is an actual gas station visiting a gas station, visiting human being, rocking the stone cold muscle shirt right at home here in Nashville, Tennessee. It's a beautiful head of hair. Thank you all son. Thank you Mr. Mark. Like A, like a homeless. Pat McAfee. Well, dollar General.


I'll take that. I'll take that. Hell yeah. How you been enjoying Nashville Uncle? It's a good time. A lot of country folk out here. Good time. Just trying to put the CU and country, you know what I'm saying? What are we talking about? Hell yeah. Yeah. How's it been going for you? Any wild nights? What you been doing, Tony? I mean, I know where in Nashville, and this is more of an Austin restaurant, but I think I found out who the Randy Street Wrangler is. Okay. For those y'all don't know, there's a serial killer in Austin. He done killed like 30 like boys that fit my description to a T. But the other night, there's a little girl I see a little nighttime ballerina and she calls me and she goes, Hey, if I give you $3,500, would you come over here and fuck me in front of one of my clients while he watches?


And I said, is that gonna be cash or check? You know? And I went and I get there and he's wearing, he's wearing a diaper, like an adult diaper. And I'm thinking when I drive there, I'm like, he's probably some decrepit old man, you know, just trying to live out a sexual fantasy when I get there. He was 6 8 285 pounds and he was nonverbal. He just looked at you real weird. He sounded like a diesel engine when he opened the door. And I had to fuck my best friend while he watched in a corner to the greatest hits of Creed. And I didn't know they had a Spotify playlist for cuck holding music. But son of a bitch here. What? You know What?


Jesus Christ win ass wide open, win Wide open. Oh, three Foot nine with a 10 foot dick. You know what I'm talking about O Son? Hell yeah. All right. Uncle Laser getting to perform in front of Kid Rock. This is my idol. I know this, This is my fucking eye. Don't know. I'm nervous as shit right now. No, thank You man. It's good to Don. Don't be weird. This Is, this is incredible. This is like, if David Lucas got to perform for the Kool-Aid Man Laser. I love it. You were on the, you were on the, the final part of the, my depth chart here. And you came in swinging, crushing.


Great stuff. Uncle Lazer. Thank you Tony. Thank you guys. Thank you Nashville. I thought I was done with the bucket, but then we realized we have not had a female comedian yet tonight. So I went through about fucking 50 names until I found one. Ladies and gentlemen, your final bucket Pool of the night. Your first female comedian of the night make some noise. One minute uninterrupted. Oh, that's right. Fiona was up. Yes. Your first standing female comedian of the night. Make some noise for her. It is Yona Dixon.


Yona Dixon. Hello. Hello. I'm too short for this. Hello. So I just got engaged to a comedian, which was really fun until I realized very quickly that date night equals open mic night and weekend away equals waking up at 6:00 AM getting in my car, driving eight hours to the Bridgestone Arena parking lot for the KILL TONY show. So that was my, that's why we did away.


How fun. No. Yeah. So I didn't come into comedy for the things that, you know, people usually do. Money, fame, women, single ladies. Yeah. No, I, I just really wanted to be included in his hobby. Isn't that fun? Well, anyway. Well, so, you know, he needed a host and I'm not afraid of a microphone. And people ask me all the time, what is it like to be engaged to the Fristo kid? And I don't know if I am in a real relationship or in the longest bit of his whole career.


So yeah, that's my time. Oh my goodness. I'm too short for the stand, gracious. It's okay. Yona. How's it going? How long you been doing standup? Like, kind of two years. Kind of two years? Yeah. Okay. Where at Different how shows? My, my fiance, he runs the Music Depot in northwest Arkansas. So I, I host there. I host around northwest Arkansas. Okay. Yeah. All right. Tell us something interesting about you other than your fiance. Yeah. Well the interesting thing is that my fiance is Mexican and loves my black cat.


Okay. Other than your fiance name something Unfinance related about your life. You, me? Yeah. I, I'm a waitress. Okay. And I serve really horrible people that don't wanna tip me That that's in Northern Arkansas. In northwest Arkansas. Yeah. Most the land of Walmart. Walmart employees don't wanna tip me money, so, Okay, boy. Do you talk about your fiance the whole time when you're delivering their food? Is that so horrible? Sorry, you're not in a happy relationship.


That sucks. Whoa. Ooh, When's the wedding? 'cause he might get deported November. Talk about that guy. Let, let's see this fiance, I'm being told that Anthony has found the fiance in the audience. He's right there. That's him I think. I think he would be happy to be deported to South Central la. How the fuck does that guy live in Northwest Arkansas? That's some lawn work there. He heard it was In wa, a nice white area. Where did you guys meet At church At the Lord's house. Where else would we Meet? All right, Kid Rock. He's in the relocation program.


Did he wanna To God's country? Yeah. Did he want to get up tonight? And then you ended up getting up. That's how it worked. Oh, well. Sucks to be y'all. Yona Dixon, congratulations. You are the last little joke book winner of the night. All right. You know what, Ladies and gentlemen, we've had a lot of fun tonight. I think there's only one thing left to do, I gotta tell you, this is an amazing moment in the history of the show.


If you could have told me at any point in the last 12 years that we would be Lucky enough to be doing one sold out arena here in one of my favorite cities in the world, Nashville, Tennessee, I would've told you. Holy shit. That's incredible. It's amazing that we're doing back to back nights. Not only because I love Nashville and because I have so many awesome friends and what feels like family here in Nashville. The great Zanies Comedy Club here in Nashville, one of the best comedy clubs anywhere in the world. The great Dorfman Brothers and fucking Brian Dorfman and, and so many great people.


The Great Lucy. There's just so many great spirits here in Nashville, Tennessee. But there is one man who was born and raised in Tennessee who just so happens to have the record for all time appearances on the show. The record for all time interviews on the show, the Hall of Famer, the Memphis Strangler, the Titan of Tennessee, the Dark Knight of Nashville, the monster of Memphis, the vanilla gorilla.


This is the big red machine lights out. William Montgomery.


Oh My God, it is him Live in the flesh. The goat. William Montgomery is here. Rocky top.


You'll always be Hump to be good old rocky top Woo rocky. Top did Rocky Top. You'll always be. Oh, Rocky top. Rocky Top did Rocky top.


You'll always be good. Rocky top. Rocky Top did see Nashville. Nashville. The weirdest Thing happened to me today. I flew in on Delta and we did not Crash, but second Delta's bullshit. Virginia Gey, The girl Jeffrey Epstein, gave to Prince Andrew to have sex with when she was 16, got hit this week by a school bus going 80 miles per hour.


And my only question is, where in the hell did Hillary Clinton find a school bus that goes 80 miles Per hour? You know that bitch ain't no scuba. And you know, Keanu Reeves was driving that motherfucker saying The bus can't go under 50 miles an hour. I don't know if anybody realizes this, but three out of the four coaches in the final four are Jewish. I mean, first it's Hollywood, then the banking system. Now this, what's next?


The right to vote In response to the US tariffs Canada is imposing large tariffs on dog food and flame throwers, which is bullshit because I'm gonna have to get a second job to pay For this shit. Oh, you know, I love feeding Redbands mom dog food. She fucking crawls around like a do on her hands and knees and she fucking eats it off of my back, dude. And your mom can get up there. Okay, that's my time. Thank you to Wow.


I mean, every God time. The one true blood king of the show, Tennessee Zone. William Montgomery. Wow. Nashville. It is so nice. I had a horrible time in the hotel last night. I ordered two large Papa John's pizzas and then I got an alert. 30 minutes later that it was canceled. And then I ordered a bunch of White Castle and I ate the White Castle Tony. And then about 30 minutes later, I get a text message and it's my pizza at the front desk.


What did you do? Ended Up eating the two pizzas after the White Castle. So Nashville, You're gonna make my ass Fan up here. That happens. Uber delivery does that sometimes. I know, but oh my gosh, it's so nice to be back in Tennessee. It really is telling. So tell Me some of the things that you love about Tennessee. This is your home state. No comedian, I believe has made it quite as wildly proud as you. I mean, there's so many greats from here. Well, I, oh, I was, excuse me, Tony. I was a Pi Kappa Alpha at the University of Tennessee and, and Tony, what am I, what am my fondest memories of the first time I foot a ton of funnel in my asshole?


The first time I butt chugged Tony. That happened up in Knoxville, Tennessee about three hours away. So it really is so nice signing up. Wow. Ended up getting raped a couple times that night. It was like real nasty, but so nice to be back. Wow. Pi Kappa Alpha, huh? Yes. Red band was Pi Pi Pi. Yeah. Your fat SICs Pi Red back. Tell me some more things that you love about Tennessee. You are home in front of an arena. Look at your face up there. All around that band.


You see that up there, William? Well, I think people in this audience might like to know. I lost my virginity right outside of Sevierville, Tennessee. Oh yeah. I was putting it In the first time right outside Of Dollywood. But yeah, so that's a good memory. Did that got a couple staph infections In my boy. Wow. Wow. Such honest answers from William Montgomery here. What's what? The new outfit. I see you got a tracksuit on. Usually you look like you're in a jug band. I started doing the row machine a whole bunch. I've done 500, I've done 500,000 meters since January.


And I got on the, the eBay, the Adidas, eBay store. Shout out to Adidas, eBay store. You can get everything for like half off, 75% off. So I've been going ham on eBay recently, but yeah, Adidas store. And they said if I mention it tonight, I might get a new sponsor. Tony's. Oh wow. Everybody buy a pair of the basketball socks, please, on the Adidas eBay site after this, please. Wow. Because I told them I'm gonna mention the, the basketball socks. If so, if, if there's an influx of the basketball socks, they know it's, we will know. It's because of me, Tony, but Wow. That is not the basketball. I incredible.


That is amazing, Bob, with the, wait, Why was I not invited last night? Why could I have not gone to the party last night? Well, you flew in late. Yeah, we Invited You. Oh yeah. And we invited you. Yeah. I sat next to some weirdo on the airplane who was telling me about how he's back in Austin. He has a, a, a lady with a family who he loves. And I'm thinking, this guy's getting catfished. And then he starts telling me about Sasquatches, how when Jesus comes down and saves everybody, the evil people on Earth will still be around and the Sasquatches are gonna come out. It kind of, so just waiting for that to happen to That guy was the weirdo.


William, these people want to know what fires you up. Dude, they wanna, they wanna see you amped up. I Probably, probably, shit Tony, maybe some people, Tennessee could feel me on this. Maybe some lightning Bulls, hugs, maybe a little bit of funnel cake in this motherfucker. Maybe Cuc apples. You could. Okay. That's all I got. Toda a seat of fair food. Toda, You were, you were going down a list of universal fair foods that is not Tennessee, specialized to Tennessee.


What are you planning on doing tonight? What's your big plan? What do you like to do in Nashville? I don't know. I'm gonna be hollering at Red Bay, hopefully, and he's gonna let me go out with his fucking ass and then I'm gonna fucking go back, order some Papa John's again. And then on purpose order the White Castle. I gorged myself last night. I actually just found out that if you vomit in between eating, you can eat a whole bunch more food. I had never done it. I'd always heard about that before. It's an eating disorder, which is very sad. But I was stuffing myself last night, Tony. I was just so excited to be here in Nashville. So I don't know if I can eat some motherfucker throw. I don't know if that's good for you to do this new White Castle and pizza thing.


It's good for my heart. My coach told me it's good for my heart, my rowing coach. Seriously? Wow. Yeah, he's like, it puts a pressure on your heart. I wear my, my heart rate monitor when I'm doing it. My heart rate goes way up right before I put my finger in my mouth. I get so nervous before I fucking make myself throw up and my heart rate goes through the roof at the beginning part. Who? Who's your coach? Rosie O'Donnell. She left. I'm sorry. Kid Rock. I don't think I understand that one bad. Oh, 'cause she's a fat bitch. William lights out Montgomery. I don't know.


I wanna see you around for a long time. I know you're making a joke about your rowing coach. I think you should stop eating White Castle and pizza every night. Well, Tony, that's weird. 'cause I don't think I back. I gotta stop anyone, Nashville, Tennessee. How about One more time for the Great Car? William Montgomery Tennessee's home. William, the big red machine Montgomery Guys, this has been a crazy honor for me. Can you please do me a favor? Let's see how loud this place can get for Motherfucking Kid Rock, an American Patriot, a fucking legend to rock and roll and a Legend of Tennessee.


One more time for Kid Rock. And how about one more time for one of the great comedians of today, the great and powerful Mark Norman, fresh off of the Ryman Auditorium last night. This guy's fucking crushing it. Mark, anything you wanna plug or shout out? I love Nashville. Thanks For having me. You guys are the shit. Make sure you check out Kid Rock's Bar on fucking Broadway. So much fun. How about one time, Tony, this clip ever? Thank you. Thank you to Wynona and Judd Cactus, Moser, Amanda, Jean Rowland, MC Vader, Yoni Christie, notorious Productions red band.


Love you guys. God bless Bridgestone Arena. Outback presents Zanies here in Nashville, and God bless the United States of America. We love you. Thank you. Good night everybody.


This podcast is brought to you by Aura. Imagine waking up to find your bank account drained bills for loans. You never took out a warrant for your arrest, all because someone committed a crime in your name. It sounds like a nightmare, but for millions of people each year, it's reality. By the time you get that breach notification email, the damage is done, your identity stolen, your financial future at risk, and the company that lost your data, they'll just apologize and move on. This can all sound really scary, which is why I'm so glad we're partnering with Aura Hackers Don't wait. So why should you Aura Monitors the Dark Web twenty four seven for your phone number, email, and social security number. If Aura detects your info, you'll get an instant alert so you can act before the damage is done. Aura provides up to $5 million in identity theft insurance and a US-based fraud resolution team that works around the clock to shut down fraud fast and get your life back on track. For a limited time, aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial plus a check of your data to see if your personal information has been leaked online. All for free when you visit aura.com/defense. That's aura.com/defense to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a u rra.com/defense. Certain terms apply, so be sure to check the site for details.