
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY, and every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Huge announcement. I am doing standup comedy in Madison Square Garden Friday, August 15th. This is a standup comedy show featuring me and The Killers of KILL TONY, all your favorite regulars and standup comedians from the show, doing guest spots on it.


The artist presale is this Wednesday at 10:00 AM and it goes till Friday, May 2nd. The special password is Tony 25. That's Tony two five, all one word local presale starts Thursday, May 1st at 10:00 AM. Also the ticket drop for the KILL TONY Tapings at the mothership is this Tuesday, April 29th at noon. This is your warning. Those tickets are available@comedymothership.com. The tickets for the Killers of KILL TONY plus Tony HINCHCLIFFE at Madison Square Garden on Friday, August 15th, are available at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. And there's still a few tickets available for the huge standup comedy show at Resorts World Saturday, May 10th at 8:00 PM Those tickets are available at Tony HINCHCLIFFE dot com.


So Vegas, New York City, and Austin, Texas. The chambers are loaded and ready to be shot off. Go to the respective websites and buy tickets and see standup comedy and the new tapings of KILL TONY. Upcoming for the months of May, June, and july@comedymothership.com. The standup shows@tonyhinchclip.com. Now, a brand new episode of the number one live comedy podcast in the world. This is KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Red Band. Come to you live from the Comedy mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony Hitch Class. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Make some fucking noise for red band, Ladies and gentlemen. And indeed, it is the best damn band in the land right there.


You saw it Live in the flesh. Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos Sosa, Michael Gonzalez, nachos, Bel Grande Cha Chalupa, Matt Mulling, representing the whites on the band with a black wife, little black kids, and seven cats. Jon Deas on The Keys, Ladies and gentlemen, and this beautiful little camper right here on the base is D Madness. Live in the flesh. This is indeed KILL TONY. Brought to you this week by BLUECHEW and nicked nicotine pouches.


What an amazing episode we have. There's chaos in the room. A guy just broke a beer bottle over his own head. He's so excited. Before we get started, here's a little bit more of in the Amazing sponsors and made it all possible.


Right now, The Home Depot has spring deals under $20. So no matter what you're working on, the deals are blooming at The Home Depot with savings on plants, flowers, soil, and more. Then light up your outdoor space with Hampton Bay. String Lights was 34 97, now only 1999, and get the grill going with two 16 pound bags of Kingsford. Charcoal was 1998, now only 1788. Don't miss Spring deals under $20 now through May 7th at The Home Depot. Subject to availability ballot on select items only


At Sierra. Discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality walking shoes, which might lead to another discovery. 40,000 steps baby, who's on top now? Karen, You've taken the office. Step challenge a step too far. Don't worry though. Sierra also has yoga gear. It might be a good place to find your zen. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Hey there, travelers, Kaylee Cuco here. Sorry to interrupt your music. Great artist BT Dubs, but wouldn't you rather be there to hear it live With Priceline, you can get out of your dreams and into your dream concert. They've got millions of travel deals to get you to that festival, gig, rave, sound bath, or Sonic experience you've been dreaming of. Download the Price Line app today, and you can save up to 60% off hotels and up to 50% off lights. So don't just dream about that trip. Book it with price line. Go to your Happy price price line.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show or what? Very, very excited about this one. Ladies and gentlemen. Sometimes we have repeat guests. Sometimes we have new guests. Sometimes we have big famous celebrities. Sometimes we have funny motherfuckers. This is one of the latter episode. This is the debut of both of these guests on panel, two of the funniest humans in the world. Two guys that I've wanted to get on forever, and it just so happens they're on together here tonight. Make some fucking noise for Chris O'Connor and TIM BUTTERLY.


Oh yeah, Chris O'Connor, TIM BUTTERLY. Oh my God. Chris O'Connor Tires Season two coming out June 4th, his podcast Stuff Island. Welcome to the show, Chris. It's good to be here. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. And Tim Butterly, welcome. That was a very polite response from your audience after all that buildup. Hey guys, I'm Tim. Nice To meet you. Tim Butterly Lee's show dad meet. He's on tour. Tim Butterly dot com. It is your guys' first time on the show, which is absolutely crazy.


I know, it's pretty exciting. I I planned to like get a good night's sleep last night, you know, have a quiet Sunday. And instead I got incredibly drunk at the Masters. Yep. I was at the Masters while Rory was making history. I was laying in the grass farting 300 yards away from whatever he was doing. My farts got a big roar from the crowd. Hell yeah. Well, you look great. You don't look hungover, inflamed whatsoever. So this is, it's gonna be awesome. We're happy to have you since it's your first time. I should tell you, 275 people signed up for the chance to get on this show tonight.


If they get pulled outta the bucket, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know, their time is up and near the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear. This guy is a tattoo of a spider behind his ear. So I'm gonna let him pick the first one right off the top. Look at that. Yeah. Looks good to me. And the show shall begin to start tonight's show. We have a golden ticket winner making his third ever appearance on the show. Can't think of a worst time for that to happen. Dees really wasted that one tonight. Leaning on your keyboard just high and falling asleep as usual.


It's Kind of crazy at this point. You would think you'd be able to survive five minutes into the episode without doing something absolutely stupid. But there you are. There you are high and tired. Jon Deas, his debut album, high and Tired, coming out soon, or you could see it live on this show every Monday as he falls asleep, leaning against sound effects on his keyboard. He wears sunglasses because he literally falls asleep during the show going up first tonight, the third ever appearance of a golden ticket winner that we like around here. Let's see how the third minute goes. The comedy styling is one minute uninterrupted.


Going to Colin Sledge, everybody, here we go. Okay, thank you. So when I was in middle school, my Texas history teacher, Mr. Gomez used to tell us all the time, you don't know how good you have it in America, because back in Mexico, my family has to jack off horses for money. And I was confused. I was like, where are the horses even getting the money?


Okay, so, so my parents want grandkids, right? And I don't really want to give 'em grandkids. So I thought I'd give 'em the next best thing. Homemade cream pie video. You know, my parents hate to see me coming. Okay. So I'm in therapy now, right? And my therapist asked me recently if I ever had any homicidal thoughts. I was like, I ain't gay. You ever say that shit again? I'll fucking kill you.


Oh yeah. Thanks y'all. Boom. Collin Sledge. Smart, funny. Such a serious man. Colin, you're having fun. You smile there. I, I smiled this time. You did smile a little bit. Yeah. Look at you. Yeah. Adam Ra said I, I'm pretty when I smile. So Adam Rai said that. Yeah, The last time he said that. Absolutely incredible. How's life going for you, Colin? It's been okay. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Should I answer more? Just should I say so more what I've been up to? Or you wanna ask something? Why? Why Did your, why did your therapist ask you if you're having homicidal Thoughts? Oh, that was made up. I was a lie.


It's pretty believable. It's pretty fucking believable. Do you see a therapist? Well, my copay went from 50 to 90, so I haven't seen her in the new year. Wow. I emailed her my KILL TONY appearance though. You did? Yeah. She says it was funny. Okay. Yeah. All right. I'm gonna go back soon probably. Okay. It went from 15 to 90. 50 to 90. 50 to 90. Yeah.


I don't know if you know this, my dear friend Colin Sledge, but the amazing people over at Talkspace. You can talk to a licensed provider typically within 48 hours just by going to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter the promo code space eight zero to get $80 off your first month. I love Talkspace. Yeah. Thanks Red band. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you for setting us. Yes. You're welcome up for that. You're welcome. That's good. That's good. I could afford an extra 1000 of your therapy sessions because of what I just said. Thank you, Colin.


What goes on in your life? Tell us. I, you seem like you're built for comedy. Thank you. Thank you. You seem like, you know, this is your thing, but I can't picture you doing anything else. Do you do anything else? Well, I still teach piano. You do? Yeah. You teach piano? Yeah. Aw, That's, that's a murderer's job for sure. It is. I got one of my piano families found out about this 'cause Oh yeah. The dad who had never said anything other than like, hello and goodbye was like golden ticket. Wow. That's pretty cool. Yeah. And then his wife wanted me to demonstrate that I knew how to play piano. Oh boy. That's tricky for you.


We've done that once before. It turns out you get a little nervous. Yes, I did. Okay there though. Was it the husband or wife that was going to bet for you that you could be around the kids and it's okay? It was, it was. The wife hired me. Yeah. What was the interview like? Why Is that funny? What? What was the interview Like? Well, they just got on referral. They're like, Hey you're, you teach piano to this other kid and she's good so you can teach our kids. So that was it. Yeah, it Was pretty So nothing in person? No, it was, I mean, I don't remember. You don't remember? Yeah, it was a while ago. I mean, All piano teachers are probably like that, right? Wouldn't you think so? Yeah. That's serial killers.


Yeah. Creepy. I do, I do get a pass for being a little eccentric. That's how I refer To it. That makes sense. That is an eccentric. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. So yeah, I guess you could come across eccentric if, Yeah. Piano tuners are the real serial killers. Ah, very interesting. I did not know that. You've Met some Some inside piano still. Yeah, Because they're like, they're like piano people, but they can't even deal with other people. They just need to be alone for like, you know, entire time. Wow. Absolutely incredible. I'm sure the piano people listening to the show are cracking up right now. Yeah. Colin, we love you. Great set. There you Go. You got it started. The show has begun and now to the bread and butter of the show, the beautiful, beautiful bucket we're Oh my God.


I mean, unbelievable. What a sight for tired, weary eyes. It's the lovely Heidi, Ladies and gentlemen. Alright, back to the bucket or to the bucket for the first time. We're gonna meet this person altogether and find out all about their life. Let's meet 'em. He goes by the name 60 seconds uninterrupted going to Josh Gideon. Josh Gideon. Have y'all ever broke y'all straw while trying to open it and it ruins your drinking experience? Do you think babies feel the same way when sipping on pierced nipples?


Is that the, because they gotta take the piercing out. Right? And when they, do you think it comes out in three, like a Bellagio fountain? Is that the logistics? I dunno. Little bit by myself. I am half Haitian and y'all heard what Trump said, how we eat pets. I'm also half Korean, so I guess you could say, I really got that dog in me. You know what I'm saying? Who knew a Haitian dad and a Korean mom would make a beige Hawaiian punch guy Who knew that I'm over here looking like crouching tiger, hidden nigga.


Fuck it. Alright, that's my best. I appreciate You. Okay, Josh Gideon, welcome. Welcome. Hi, Josh. For a second there. I didn't think you could say the N word, but I guess the half Haitian allows it, huh? Right. That's right. Have Like to see you get away with that? If you were just Korean, I would've loved it. I would've loved it. It was clean. Jon Deas, our senior n word official on the, on the scene. Absolutely incredible. Very Korean to be dropping a word like that. But here you are. How long you been doing standup? I Was probably three years in May. Where at? I started out in Newport News, Virginia, and just moved out to San Antonio in October.


Okay. You were in the middle of Virginia. What do you do for work? I work at Foot Locker now. Wow. Perfect. Absolutely. Does it look like a Foot Locker guy? Does it? You walk into flock, you'd be like, this guy knows what the fuck he's talking about. Yeah. They Cut your hair like that when you, like when you join the Army? Yeah. They pick it out when you get hired at Footlocker. That's what they do. Wow. So you wear the referee shirt and everything? Yeah, everything does. That makes sense. Half Haitian, half Korean, split black and white right down the middle. Bring a referee shirt. That makes sense.


Wow. So you help people find shoes at a foot locker? That's all I do. Are you good at it? I'm all right. Okay. Just got, I could find shoes in a couple seconds, I guess. Yeah. Is that's what you're asking? Yeah. What would you recommend for a guy like Red Band if he walked in there? If he's like, Hey, everybody says I'm fat and ugly and I need a, I Need two shoes. What would you say to 'em? I'd recommend some sandals, I guess. I don't know. Oh, wow. You should get some. You buy those for sure. Wow. You know, you guys had sandals there. Okay. What do you do for fun? Josh? Play basketball.


Basketball. And then, Okay. Basketball. And I lift weights starting just now. Recently Just started lifting weights. Yeah, just now. And you play basketball. Have you played basketball your whole life? Yeah, basically. Okay. So you play basketball. You say the N word. Yeah. How about the Korean side of you? Still the N word. That's right. What do you do that's Korean? Any Korean activities? I take off my shoes when I enter my crib. Oh, ooh, that's Very good. Is it, I'm guessing your dad is the Haitian and your mom is the Korean just getting absolutely fucking pounded.


It's filled With just a huge Haitian cop. Do you think about that a lot? Do you think about how your mom is absolutely decimated. You're innocent little Korean mother, just a sweet little lady. Just absolutely getting Ravaged By your father's Haitian. It's gotta be every slow day at Foot Locker. Just a mind prison. Do you ever just see, have you ever had foot logger and you see a pair of extra long black socks hanging from the shelf and you're like, God, What my dad has done to my mother's pussy is terrible.


Never. I don't. Okay. Wow. My goodness. Josh, so you live in San Antonio? Yeah. What made you go from Virginia to San Antonio? So I got out the military. I did four years in the Air Force. Oh, wow. What did you do? Wow. Amazing. You went from the Air Force to Air Force Ones. This is absolutely amazing. That's right. Absolutely incredible. I didn't realize that Was kept crashing. The planes, The Korean side. That's Right. I keep forgetting. He is Korean. Okay, so what did you do exactly in the Air Force? I, I painted airplanes.


What? Wow. Painted airplanes. Those I worked on. The F 20 twos just painted gray. Amazing. Amazing. That fucking rules. That's like cool paint, isn't it? I mean, these are like special paint. I mean, there's metals in there, I guess. Fuck yeah. All right. That's a top secret paint. I think that's a cool fucking job. What's, you know what, what? What's your love life like? Josh, you seem like a good looking guy. You are you Haitian with the ladies? Are you more Korean? You a little shy Guy? Yeah, I'm very shy. I'm very Korean, I guess you could say. Ah, very Shy. That's where the Korean sun comes out.


All right. But yeah, I'm single, but I'm not really putting myself out there for real. Okay. Well, like the last date that you went on, like what was that like? Where, how'd you find that person? How'd that go? I haven't really gone on a date like that. For real. I haven't even gotten a date since high school. Really? When's the last time you kissed a girl? I mean, I fucked. Oh wow. Okay. Well, there you go. There you Go. You blew that one buddy. You had a, could have had a fun time coming your way, but you wanna brag about going straight to fucking I don't date. I just insert my dick right into a woman when I meet her. Absolutely incredible. Josh, I think that's called rape. That's consent. But Wow, you really are Haitian after all.


Incredible. Is that a Haitian thing? Huh? No. Don't do that. No. Don't. I don't want that. This isn't a fucking one man Show. Anything else crazy we should know about you? Nah, just chilling there. Doing comedy. Just what Do your parents think about you doing this? They're Actually high-key, supportive. You know, they're what? They're high-key. Supportive. They're supportive. High-key. High, High-key. See, ancient Korean art of supporting your son. Start reading a fucking book sometime.


Tony. We are literal. Any high key of you. Oh, selling Nike. We are hiking. There you go, buddy. Congratulations. Welcome to KILL TONY. That is your first bucket. Bowl of the night. Josh, Gideon and the show shall continue.


This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter. According to a recent ZipRecruiter survey, 76% of employers plan to expand headcount for 2025. That's a lot of time spent hiring. If you're one of these employers who's ramping up hiring this year, don't miss out on this advice. Add ZipRecruiter's latest features. Zip intro into your hiring plan. Lets you post jobs today and talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Best of all, it does most of the work for you. So you save time. And right now you can try zip intro FOR FREE. ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL TONY Redband. Tony, I love ZipRecruiter. It's the greatest Hiring site out there. Zip. Zip Intro gives you the power to quickly access excellent candidates for your job. Assess. Assess via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you. Then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. It's so easy. A red band can do it. Save time. Hiring for 2025 with new zip intro. Just Go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL TONY, right now to try zip intro FOR FREE. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL. TONY, zip intro. Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. I'm a huge proponent of therapy, but good therapy can be costly. However, our partner, Talkspace is affordable and in-network with most insurance providers. Did you know that most insured members have a $0 copay red Band? That's right. Tony Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider makes getting the help you need. Easy, accessible and affordable. Accessible. Accessible. If there's a See It app, if there's an essence, you Know what I'm talking about, guys? I think Talkspace is providing some of the best quality mental health treatment out there. Yes, indeed. Red Band, you can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider that's the right fit for your needs. Typically within 48 hours. You can also switch providers at no extra cost. Talkspace makes getting help convenient because you can take your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home. You can even talk it out in between sessions by sending messages to your therapist. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you Go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code space eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash Tony and enter promo code space eight zero to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show@stockspace.com slash tony promo code space eight zero with your second bucket Poll.


And here we go. She goes by the name of Audrey Scott. Everyone, 60 seconds uninterrupted going to Audrey Scott. I am very good at Spanish Ola, but I can't roll my Rs unless I'm saying the N word and everyone's like, oh my God, she can roll her rss. Like it's distraction. I I, I'm gonna be honest with y'all. I I don't like child porn. So funny about that. You freak right? 'cause every time I watch it, right, every time I shove that flash drive right to my fucking PC to watch my CP acting's too immature.


Kids are always like, oh, where am I? I'm hungry. Grow up. It is. Show business baby. How the fuck did you think Bieber made it? He got ushered into the ing baby baby. Baby Oil. Did he did it hot? Take the brand of the baby oil was Johnson and Johnson. And Johnson and Johnson. And Johnson and Johnson. And that's it. Thank you. Okay, Audrey Scott, welcome Audrey.


Hi. You look like a half Korean. That was in the Air Force, but surprisingly, I'm guessing you are not the half Korea. That was sucks because I'm from Virginia. My dad was Air Force and that guy just stole my whole Thing. Yeah, your whole story. Yeah. Oh my. Sucks. Goodness. Should have kamikaze, you know? Yeah. Well, there you go. Hi Audrey. Hello. Tim. If you need a backup identity, maybe go for journalist covering a race war. That's my side job. Just top 10 side hustles of 2020. Audrey, welcome. How long have you been doing standup? Five and a half years. Five and a half years. Yeah. Wow. What do you do for work?


I bartender Roscoe's Comedy Club, and I produce, I host Mike's there and I produce some shows. And then I also make sandwiches during the day. And I do voice acting as well. Oh, so you make sandwiches during the day. Okay. That's the correct answer. Just had to do a little digging there. Get around all the bullshit. They're easy, man. That you definitely don't make money doing. And then there we found it right at the end. 12 hour shifts of sandwich making. I love it. It's less than that. I love it. Okay. In five and a half years, all of it Here in Austin? No, I started in Virginia. I started in the mountains. Wow. You really? That's another Virginia to Texas transfer. That really is incredible that that happened back to back like that.


Yeah. Okay. What's your favorite sandwich to make? It's called a wreck. It's a potbelly signature sandwich. You get a portion of salami. Yeah. Shout out to Potbelly man. Oh, I, I host a show with them every week. It's the best open mic In Austin, you know, free sandwich on the way. Yeah. It's a, it's roast beef, salami, Turkey, ham, and then Swiss cheese on top. It goes pretty hard. Absolutely. That's amazing. Absolutely amazing. What do you, what do you do for fun? Any sauces on that too?


I, I've been hula hooping recently. I got a hula hoop at Walmart while I was buying roach poison for roaches in my house. 'cause I have roaches in my house. They're really bad. But the hula hoops been like really helping out. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Have you learned any cool sh tricks yet? Not, not like the EDM like slutty level yet. Where I'm like, you know, we're just wearing sequins and shit. Shit. But I'm getting like an hourglass figure from, I just go like this in my backyard. What kind of tricks should she know? You can like throw it and catch it and Yeah. Dude, there's a, a whole fucking show you can do with that thing. Yeah. You can hoop it everywhere. I could do it on my Hip. She's still just working on the hips though. It turns out you Can do, I can do the neck and the arm, but now I'm mastering the hips. So it's a new challenge.


Get Rid of that thing. Get rid of that thing. It's the worst person at every festival. So, sorry, hula hoop lady. Why? It's ugh, the fucking hula hoop Dude. It's not, it's a really good exercise. Like, I don't, I don't wanna Go to the fucking gym and get filmed by an influencer. Like, no. Have a sweaty fat person on equipment. This is correct here. The hula hooper is, what's wrong with the h one level away from the person with like, the ball on the rope that like fucking, Like, it's just like a side thing. I don't identify as a hula hooper. That would be weird. That's what I'm saying. You gotta get Rid of it now. Ah, yeah. Maybe I'll do pogo stick or unicycle or something.


Pogo stick actually pretty cool. They, they scare me, man. They Pogo stick. I like, I've never been mad at someone on a pogo stick. Not really. Have you seen someone on a pogo stick? Yeah. Yes. But I was happy. Maybe it was just joking. So Let's talk about the cockroaches. Audrey. You know, you let the, I didn't cause 'em, man. There was this bitch named Suzanne who lived in my house before me, and she left like a whole fridge of organic food in the house and just left it. And then the house is old. She Did you make sandwiches out of it? No. No. You think I make sandwiches after getting off work, making sandwiches? I would be psychotic. That would just be, I don't hate myself that much.


That much. All right. I have a line. I hula hoop, but I don't make sandwiches for myself after I make sandwiches. But let's just, you left all this fucking product of like cabbage and like organic steak. And now there were roaches in the fridge. Let's, let's in the Fridge. They're in the fridge. They were in the fridge. How do they get in the fridge? They, I don't, I don't know. I don't, I don't know what's going on. And I spray 'em all the time. And I live with like a hippie who doesn't wanna like, kill everything and I wanna bomb the whole house. Oh. And he won't let me. Oh, He won't let me. Yeah. It's bad. Oh, I, it's so bad. And you know, if a cockroach goes in your ear, it can't go backwards, so it just goes in your fucking head.


Have you had a cockroach go in your ear? I might, you know, like, I, I don't know. But it's scary to think about Heidi Bring out the scope. We're having the first day ra KILL TONY. Ear roach off. Let's go, let's go. This is incredible. It's Bad. It's really bad. If you, if if you had to guess how many roaches you see on an average day or night, Oh my God, it's so bad. I can't go in my kitchen. 'cause my room is clean. Because believe it or not, like my room is actually not a bad place to be in my, the kitchen's. Hell, but Doubtful. Yeah, I know. That's why I said, believe it or not, that's why. Have you ever prefaced Asked or gotten an exterminator In there?


I've been begging for one. I've been begging for an exterminator. And you have a landlord and you won't Yeah, but the, the main, the main roommate, like, he's the one who like gate keeps you know, the information to the landlord. Yeah. I can't just directly talk to Dana for some reason. Is that the landlord's name? That's Dana. Dana's my landlord. Yeah. Wow. Dana. I'm trying to think of Hulu hoop watching was like A, was it an olive branch? It's a mechanism, an olive. I'm standing outside my kitchen By who pardoned up the leaves. You're Doing bug behavior to get his attention. They're taking over. Yeah. I even tried, like, I bought these Amazon, like, they're like, oh, we use like certain sound frequencies to get rid of 'em. They just started dancing to the rhythm.


I swear to God. Yeah. They just like liked it. They just enjoyed It. Our senior cockroach correspondent ro and Brian Redban says that does not work. He would know there's anybody that has food scattered around his kitchen. But I would Say on average I see fucking 12 a dance. Oh, wow. And they're big and small. They're, they're big ones and they're like the tiny ones. It's, I'm going crazy. My God, I'm going insane. You should see how many live ones you can fit into a sealed envelope and give that to the landlord. Yes. That's A great idea. I don't wanna, like, I love every other bug. I'm a huge bug fan, but they really, I sprayed one 20 times. What? It took me 20 times to spray one that's poison for it to die.


Okay, well Audrey, absolutely incredible. Thanks. Here's a, here's a little joke book. You don't want that. Here you go. No. There she goes. Audrey. Ladies and gentlemen, onto the next one. We go onto the next one. This looks like an interesting name. Oh my goodness. There she is. The one and the only Heidi look just making this stage nice. Fixing the logo. Halfway. Halfway fix of the logo. Just a, just a few degrees away from a perfect turn of the logo.


But she tried. You know what I mean? Ladies and gentlemen, this looks like a fun name. Make some noise for Neil Rubenstein. Everybody. Neil Rubenstein. Ooh, Everyone's good. We're good. All right. Yeah, no, this, yeah, no, I get it because you guys saw me, you're like, this guy ain't afraid of nothing, you know, and then you heard me and you're like, oh, he's afraid of the dark. That's what that is. I was told I sound like the person I look like I kidnapped.


That's okay. Am I doing alright? Okay. I don't mind being a big guy. You know, usually pretty safe, right? Like, I remember one time I was walking in Brooklyn and this was before Brooklyn was a yoga studio, you know, so streets are so ruled with crime and gluten. And this dude popped out to mug me and I was like, nah man, get the next guy. And he was like, okay, thank you. And the skirt. I was like, this is mint. Everyone should give this a shot. Oh, alright. Cool. That's alright. You are adorable. Neil Rubenstein, is it Ruben Stein or Rubenstein? Whatever's comfortable.


Okay. I love it. That's a good answer. Alright, good. Just spell it right, you know, so, Yeah. Incredible. Thanks man. So you're Jewish? Yeah. Yeah. Is that, And you're also a deli? That's incredible that you could be both. You're a Jewish deli. Oh my God. All under a one stop shop. I don't get that, but, all right. Okay. It is, You're, you're filled with food. Oh yes. Oh, a very, You truly are A Reuben Steam. Great. Yeah. Great. You're filled with Reubens as in the sandwich killing it that the cockroach girl makes during the day. Yes. That was a callback. Yes, indeed. Thank you. Look at you. Yeah. He's killing it.


Yeah. I Love it. Neil, you're very funny. How long have you been doing standup? 10 Years. I love it. I could tell where at The fuck was that? I started in New York and I live here now. Well, I'm staying here now. I don't know if I live here, but we'll see. Okay. How long have you been here? Since January. Okay. Yeah. Do you like it? I like the city very much. I liked it as like, when I would visit the scene, I like the scene. But now that I'm like, 'cause when you're like visiting, they're like, oh, come do my show. Come do my show. And now that I'm here, they're like, well fuck you dude. So, but it's all right. I like it. Yeah. We like you. Thanks. We Like you. Yeah. Cool man. Other people? Any anyone who does that's just afraid that you're gonna be funnier than them or something like That?


I, well, yeah. I like to think that, but who knows? You know? You're adorable. Aww Right. You're so likable. And how are you? Alright. No, that's good. Yeah, that's good. Alright, cool, cool, cool. I don't know what to do here. I don't know whether that'll roast you or snuggle with you. Neil, little cutie pie. Snuggle. Snuggle. Tim, do you have any dark secrets? I Have so many dark secrets. Yeah. Let's find out about 'em. What's the darkest thing about you? I don't know, man. There's so much. I try to leave that behind, you know, just trying to fix the things I, I broke, you know, Like the floor furniture? Yeah. Yeah. Mostly patio furniture.


Yeah. Yeah. That's my dating profile. Says I'll break your lawn furniture. So Amazing. And is that Tinder or Grinder? Both. I love it. What do you do for work, Neil? I had been a full-time comedian, but sort of still doing that, but I, you know, you gotta side hustles now. 'cause every, yeah. What are some of your side hustles? I just PAs like, not pa like personal assistant stuff. I, I used to tour manage band. So I have like that skillset. Okay. So I help out a, a bigger comic on like, some of their scheduling and itineraries and stuff. Very cool. Yeah.


Yeah. So, yeah, We like that. Yeah. That's cool. Neil. Keep It around, you know. What Do you do for fun? You got hobbies? Yeah, I like, I like baseball. What do you like about baseball? I just, I think it's a wonderful sport. I think it's, it involves athleticism and hot dogs. Strategy Nachos and helmets and peanuts and cracker jacks baby back ribs. Yeah. I like, I like going to baseball games 'cause I can have someone rub sunblock on me.


Yeah, Absolutely. What UA Yankee did I miss? Is That what that was? Yankees or Mets? Mets. Okay. Look at that. You have a Mets tattoo? Yes, sir. Absolutely incredible. I don't think I've met a bigger Mets fan. Bigger In size or in, That's all I know. I'm Not that big. I'm only six Foot. I'm wearing Mr. MIT's head under this shirt right now. You said you're not that big. What are you, what are you trying to say? No, I'm saying like, there's, I mean, I'm tall. Tall, Yeah. Yeah, that's what we're talking about. I'm Not like, I'm not like using a rascal fat. I still fit in the booth at Applebee's. Like, I just, I'm just a That's a great, yeah, that's a great measurement system.


Yeah. Like yeah. Airplane bathrooms are difficult, but fucking who Absolutely. Yeah. You have trouble. No he doesn't. No, I'm not. I'm Saying like, you are three Carlos Sosa worth of human. Don't look at my band. I was That's the car. I'm just saying like, that's the, You dare. Don't compare yourself to my band. Don't you dare over here, Neil over here. You some 'em bitch. I like, I like them so much though. They're great. They really are. I kind of look like I'm, I'm red man back from the future to tell him to don't do it. There's Still Time.


Don't do it. Don't do it. Oh, you know how to tickle my heart. Neil Rubenstein Red man. That's your looper. You have to kill him. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It is your destiny. Absolutely Incredible. Neil is a baseball hat away from being at the new co-host of KILL TONY. This is in, I could, I couldn't, I couldn't fill those shoes. I'm sorry. Well, we'll find, we know a guy that works at Footlocker. We'll find out about that. Neil, tell us more about your life.


Oh, man. I don't know. What do you, I don't know what to, I don't know where to start. You've been married, you have Kids? Yeah. Married. No kids. Raised by wolves. What do you mean raised by wolves? My parents, you know, everyone's got a thing I played when played and toured with some rock bands. And then When you say you played with some rock bands, what do you mean? What did you do? Just in a hardcore band long time ago. What'd you do? Sang play. S Guitar Sing. You'd sang. Let's play some hardcore music. How many of you want to hear Neil sing a little bit? Oh no, you have to. A one, A two, A 1, 2, 3, 4. Come on Dale. Look that way. Come on. Have a tiny voice.


Hold on. All right. Stop, stop, stop. I have A, I have a tiny little voice now. I can't What What, what are you talking about? Don't pull a fucking ve camera on us right now, motherfucker. Oh, I destroyed my voice. Did you not always sound like this? No, no. I destroyed my voice. He damaged his vocal chords. Tony. Yeah. He's technically disabled. Ooh, okay. Gold. Finally. Can I get one of those little placards for my car? What, what, What Say Guy is just saying sing. Sing. Did you miss the whole thing? We just did a thing about not doing that.


My goodness. So what happened to your voice? Exactly? Just screaming a lot, you know, growing up. So You can't sing anything anymore? I can't really get louder. Like I, like I can do a little bit of projecting, but I can't like, sound cool? You used to sound cool. I maybe it depends on your, were you Just screaming, kind of like Screamy and shouty. A lot of shouty. Did you, did you sound like this when you had to quit the band? No. No. There goes, I dunno if I can six fucking shit up anymore. It's been real. Guys. Piss out everybody. I gotta hit the bricks. Did, Did the tattoos. The Tattoos come before or after you lost your voice After that makes sense.


I think like, I started 'em and then, yeah, I started late though. I didn't start getting tattooed till like early twenties. Right. You gotta look Scary. What was the name of the big, big band you were in? I wasn't in a big, I am on a taking back Sunday record to taking back some records. Whoa. But just like background screaming. Not like I'm not a member. Okay. But I have a platinum record, which is nice. Okay. What's that? A platinum record? Yeah. No. Back In the day. Know what a platinum record is, but what, what is the name of the record? Back before Where you wanna be and Tell your friends. Wow. And that's under your name. Neil Rubenstein.


I'm on. I mean, I'm not a member of the band, but I'm on the record and like, yeah. I mean, if you Google me, yeah, they're, they're up there. A lot of us know taking back Sunday. Could you even just maybe give us us like a hum of the part that you were on? Yeah. It's the, it's the brand new lyrics. Oh no, I, I did that. What do you mean? They were like, we're, this song is about Jesse. Who the fuck is that? Somebody shut that fucking lady up back there. Jesus. How do I have to say that? How many times would she have to just be annoying before somebody sends somebody the fuck back there? Jesus Fucking Christ. People. That's 17 staff members just fucking watching.


Okay, Would Someone Please mosh that lady right now? She's literally begging for it. Sin Kick that broad. So annoying. So what were the lyrics? What is, what is lyrics? It's have another drink and Drive yourself home. I hope there's ice on all the roads. And you can think of me when you forget your seatbelt. And again, when your head goes through the windshield, let's go. Hell yeah. Wow. A fucking classic. Wow. I was a bad guy. What's the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning? Go Back to sleep.


Red band. You know I don't Have a secret show this week because of Moon Tower, but if you're in town next Thursday, I would love to have you on the Secret Show. There you go. And you know what else? I am flying to Milwaukee for shows. Wow. Look at that. Oh, ever since Minecraft, you have this big Ego. There You go. I'll tell you what Neil, I'm gonna send you upstairs to the little boy and you're gonna perform in front of the booker of this club, Adam ett with 10 years of experience. We'll see if you can buckle down and give him a good set. You could be a regular old comedian here if you do good.


There goes Neil Rubenstein, Ladies and gentlemen. Alright, let's get another bucket. Pull up here, shall we? All right. We know this young buck. He does work here. Make some noise. 60 seconds uninterrupted. Going to Riley Gilmore. Everyone. Riley Gilmore. The other day I got a sad ending massage. They jizzed on me. So it was just gotta, what the fuck dude?


Fucking Groupon. Mom, can you pick me up? Not going back there. But that place sucks. I was, I was thinking about that phrase, thoughts and prayers. It's like people say that after tragedy. They're like, I send you my thoughts and my prayers. I get send you your prayers. That makes sense. But it's like you wanna send your thoughts. Say, yeah, I'm praying for your family tits. Thinking about getting a bike. What else?


Fucking might have lasagna later, but dang. Lasagna titties. That'd be cool. But, alright, that's it for me guys. Thank you very much. Wow. An unbelievable minute from Riley Gilmore. Incredible. You've been on this show a few times, right? Oh Yeah. Back in the eighties. Hell yeah. It's been a long time. It has been. It was back in the what? The Vulcan days, right? Yeah. Yeah. How's it been going Dude? Chill bro. I love it. I don't know. I love it. Chill. Fantastic. What else? Ri, tell us something interesting about you or your life that we would find. I've been gardening. Okay. Okay. You guys fuck with that?


I dunno. What are you growing over there? Squash. Whoa. Berries. Blackberries. Wow. Absolutely. Yeah. So that's pretty much it. But Have, have you been eating your Almost, they're almost ready. You gotta, Wow. How big is the squash right now? A hot. That's hot. Yeah. Remind you of anything. Nevermind. Okay. Yeah. This Is a great look for chasing children out of your berry farm. I'm trying to keep those kids away. They keep fucking, Oh man.


Mr. Gilmore's looking through the window. Oh, Let's get outta here. Whoa. Whoa, Ron, it's all Gilmore. Yeah, But great set, man. Thanks. Yeah. What you guys up to? That's one of the all time great moments in this show's history. That is a first 12 years, hundreds and hundreds of episodes. Thousands of different guests and bucket polls. It is the first time anyone over there has asked us what we're up To The first time for everything.


It turns out. Yeah. Yeah. Come with it man. We're podcasting. We're podcasting me. I'm just chilling. Oh hell yeah. I love it. Tell us about being a comedian in Austin. Wow. It's a crazy life. You know, lot. Lots of pussy. No, basically I just have to take out the trash after you guys leave. I dunno. I do see you doing that a lot. Yeah. I love It. You are like the trash guy. Do you ask I trash that around here. Do you ask for that? Yeah. No. They promoted me. I used to work recycling.


But no, I just love it. You know, I love cleaning and so I'll get you later, bro. I got you. Hell yeah. I used to be a trash guy. I loved being the trash guy. Yeah. Fuck yeah, dude. I would sneak beers out when I was taking the trash out and I would just drink. Oh yeah, dude. It's by the trash. Sloppy. It's sloppy, bro. Fucking, you gotta squirt it at the end, dude. Dude, you fucked up. Smoke a cigarette by the trash. I've never been a trash guy, but I was known as the garbage guy a couple months ago In the news. Nice Ri, give us one more crazy fun fact about your life.


I can do a good lion impression. Oh, this Is very exciting. Yeah, let's get the lighting right. Keno hit us with that single spot. Ladies and gentlemen, we've, this is the first ever time in the show's history where we've had an impression of a lion. Ri is very excited. He has a lion's mane filled with carrot tops, pubic hair lining his chin. There's nobody better to do a lion impression than him. And this is that moment Ri Gilmore does his lion. And this is what it sounds like. Okay. I guess it's a, This is a thank you.


Thank you very much. It's More of a, more of a snake perhaps. Dark fader getting hit in the nuts. I need to drink more water. Yeah. Yeah. It's a very parched lion. Let me, can I try it again? Yeah, You want, you want some? This guy's offering some water? Yeah, yeah. No, the stranger in the front row. Thanks, bro. There it is. So fucking $15 water right here. Should be very good. You're not lying. All right, here we go. This is, This sounds like fucking Neil Rubenstein adjusting his sleep apnea mask in the middle Of the night.


I'm not even that big. I mean, I'm not even that big. Here He is. Doing the lion. One more time, Ladies and gentlemen. Anything can happen. This is KILL TONY. And this is Gilmore's lion. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. It was so good in the lobby, but, alright. That's it. This is, Mandy had it right up until The Lion impression. God damnit. Fuck. I think we gotta sanitize that microphone. Yeah. This guy lost his lion voice. What lyrics did you write for taking back Sunday?


Alright, lemme try to save it. I'll do an owl. I'll do. Okay. All right. Well, you know what happens here, Ladies and gentlemen, if you're lying ain't working, go with the owl. We've never had this before. Hundreds of episodes. Tens of thousands of hours. I dunno. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the first ever owl impression in KILL TONY History. Brace yourselves for the owl of Ri Gilmore. Woo Woo. Wow. We're getting word. We are up for the first ever podcast, Emmy.


Unbelievable redemption ri. I would love to have you on the Secret show next week. Awesome. Thanks bro. You have one of these. You already got one. Yeah. There you go. Ri Gilmore. Wow. How much funner we have in a night, huh? This is a fun episode.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Voodoo Ranger Mini Rippers. Guess what? The best beer on the market just got a whole lot better. Mini rippers are mini cans of Voodoo Rangers, highly drinkable juice force, IPA or Tropic force IPA. These mini cans are great for moderation, storage, portability, and convenience. Look, I love beer, but sometimes stringing a big tall glass of an IPA is a little too much for me. That's why I love cracking open some mini rippers instead. Red band. Tony. I love Voodoo Ranger mini rippers. You need to try them. If you like your beer staying cold down to the last sip, plus their mini size makes them perfect Pocket beers. Mm. You should see me. My cargo pants. Woo Tony. They're line with mini rippers. It's crazy. My God. You sound ready to party Red band From here on out, it's mini Can full throttle because Voodoo Ranger mini Rippers or the new Go to Baptist, start your night with a burn. Seriously, these mini cans are fun, portable, and pack a hell of a punch. There's nothing worse than drinking a humongous beer and feeling like you ate a loaf of bread. Find them near by at Voodoo Ranger dot com or in Red band's Cargo Pockets.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Via. If you haven't tried them yet, you're seriously missing out. One, better Sleep, more focus, a little boost in the bedroom. Or maybe you just need to chill out because your stress levels are currently at screaming into the void status. That's why I love Via We're talking award-winning effect forward gummies to calming Drops all made with Organic Lab tested hemp from trusted independent American farms. Plus, you don't have to jump through hoops or get some weird doctor's note via Legally Ships nationwide. Discreetly no medical card required, no sketchy parking lot meetups just straight to your door with a worry-free guarantee. Not sure where to start. No worries. Via has a product finder quiz that will hook you up with a perfect match in less than 60 seconds, which let's be honest, is less time than it takes to decide what to watch on Netflix. So if you're 21 or over, treat Yourself Dev vias annual Spring four 20 sale with a Black Friday level savings up to 35% Sitewide right now, and up to 50% off packs and bundles. And get a free gift plus more savings with your first order using our exclusive code, Tony, at the link in our description. Plus, enjoy free shipping on orders over $100. That's code Tony at the link in our description. After you purchased, they will ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your every day with Via.


And we have pure momentum. So Why don't we do something fun and special. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you right now one of the greatest regulars in the show's history. Ladies and gentlemen, it's been a long time since he's been on the show. Here to grace us with a new minute KILL TONY Legend, KILL TONY. Legendary, regular. Make some goddamn noise it if you know the words. This is Hans Kim Han.


Hey, what's up? It's good to be here. Thank you, sir. I am Hans Kim. That's fine. And I am Asian, or as I'm known in Texas. I'm Chinese. So there will be 145% tariff added to your bill tonight. Take a good look at this shirt. You're gonna have to make it soon. Love seeing Trump do optional side quests for no reason. It's like watching a cat play Oregon Trail. Just trying to get a mineral deal outta Ukraine.


What is this guy Cam Patterson? I'm not retarded, but I want your rocks. I blame the Democrats. Why would you send a woman out against Trump? This guy grabs women by the pussy. It got a finishing move. He's 2.0 against women right now. He's the best transgender athlete we have. All right, that's my time. Thank you very much. That Was Hans Kim. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans.


Kim. Hell yeah. Hans, welcome back. Thank you Tony. A fantastic set. It's good to be back. Everybody loved it. Absolutely amazing. One of the greatest interviewees in the history of the show. Look at the way that you look at me. Look how it it just perfect. You are, you're focused. You're ready for anything. Let's check in with the panel here. Chris O'Connor, what do you think about this? I was just gonna say, it's hard to see. It's hard to see the way he looks at you. It's incredible. He looks like he's in round 15 of one of those old boxing matches. His eyes are swollen shut. It is absolutely incredible.


It looks like he's wearing Like Racist disguise glasses. It's nuts. Hans, catch us up. How's life been going for you? Going pretty good. Yeah? Yeah. Good to be back. You fuckers. Whoa, geez. Got a little attitude to 'em. Don't know if I like that. No, I'm just kidding. We know. Tell us About your life, Hans. It's been a while since you've been on. Fantastic. It's been great. Fantastic material. Been domesticated. Yes. I have a cat stroller now. You Have a, you have A what? I have a stroller for my two cats. Oh my God. That is incredible. Raising them like veal.


Yeah, exactly. How long? I didn't even know you had cats. Yeah, my girlfriend, she has a couple friends that can't take care of the cats, so they gave them to her. See you have just formerly owned cats. Yeah, Used cats. Used cats. Just sloppy seconds. Just beat up pussy. Are they nice? Are they nice cats? They're very nice. They're great cats. One's fat and old. It's like a dog. It's kind of dumb, huh? Yeah, I could see. It's like us.


It's like us Red man. One's fat and old. The other one gay as fuck. Red band. You got me. Wow. Boom. I Don't know if I'll ever recover from that one. Ouch. Ouch. Red band. Giving thumbs up to the photographer. It's an incredible moment. Troy Conrad, world famous comedy photographer right there in the moment.


Red band's magic moment. Alright, Huns. Catch us up with what else has been going on. You have a cat's stroller, so you walk your cats. Yeah. They hate it. Why do you do that? It seems like they wouldn't like that they're house cats, right? Yeah. But it's like every creature dreams of freedom, you know? And it's like you're taking them out in a, in a rolling prison though. They can't get out. Yeah, they're because, So CONNOR, what do you think about this? It's fucking psychotic walking cats in a cage. Also, what if someone sees you? It's the gayest shit in the world.


Are you at all worried about your reputation? The paparazzi saying, we got Hans TMZ and we got Hans Kim walking two cats down sixth Street. I feel like that's content. You know, it's like, you know, It's Breaking news. This is, this is up there with the hula hoop in. It is incredible. Perhaps you can let the hula hoop girl borrow your cats and they can chase down the hundreds of cockroaches that she has. Hans, anything else we should know about you before moving on? I hung out with Heath yesterday. We got drunk Heath Cordes. We love Heath Cordes around here.


Fresh off of playing Elon Musk's son on the Netflix KILL TONY. Yeah, he is. He drinks a lot of alcohol. He Does. This is not a joke. That little shit fucking pounds him down. It was Jello shots last night, which is weird. Doing jello shots with someone that looks like a child. Yeah, it's It is. It is crazy. He's a fun guy to drink with though. Yeah. And he does. He fucking throws 'em back. It doesn't make much sense. But the boy can drink. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Yeah. I've put him in a Waymo, which is cool. No driver.


Also not a Good look. So he got trashed and you just put him in the back of a driverless car. Yeah. Did you select the destination of that car? Yeah, I controlled it the whole time. Wow. That is frightening. And there wasn't enough room in the cat stroller. Wow. TIM BUTTERLY. I love it. Hans, you did it again. Fantastic. Fucking set. Fantastic. Goddamn interview.


One of the legends of the KILL TONY Universe. Hans Kim. Back to the bucket. We Go. You know, Hans was found out of the bucket. All of our regulars were once discovered out of the bucket. And your next comedian could be the next big discovery. Anything can happen. Back to the bucket we go. It's a one word name. Make some noise for poncho. Everybody. I do believe it's the KILL TONY debut of Poncho. You know, what's the worst time to be a, when you're hiding it from your wife and kids.


Oh. Oh. That's all you get FOR FREE. Thank you, Poncho. You have, you have 34 seconds left. You're killing If you're gonna cheat on me, cheat on me with a lesbian. You know why? That way I know you've really never got penetrated by a big veiny real dick. Y'all were just playing with dildos and licking each other.


Yeah. I should have ended earlier. No, no, no. You, you still have 10 seconds. Poncho. Do another joke. Poncho. What's going on? Do you know what show you're at? Jesus Poncho. How, what kind of Mexican name Poncho tries to do one third of the necessary work and then leave. What the fuck is going on here? Poncho? I'm doing This FOR FREE. This is free. This is what you get FOR FREE. Yeah. Even if I was paying people to, to get pulled outta the bucket, I wouldn't give you anything right now. True. Okay, poncho, let's talk about it. How long you been doing standup?


Three and a half years. Three and a half years. And you literally have 20 hot seconds of material. Where, where were these Three and a half years at La. And I actually performed part of my minute in front of you when you were in Ontario. You brought, you brought me up. I was one of the people on the stage. And you're like, I can't believe you thought this was gonna work. And then everyone laughed and then, God, I don't remember this. Yeah. Like, I'll show him because you asked me like you, you asked me like, Hey, what do you do for work? And I'm like, I do comedy. And you just laughed at me. Oh, I do remember this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And you gave me a minute and I fucked It up at the, at the, at the end of the show. I gave you a minute. Thank you for that.


And, and yeah. That, that, that was bad then. That I remember now, Pancho, this was many years ago, right? Like two years ago. It couldn't have been two years ago. I remember everything. Ontario, improv Ontario or the other one. I Irea or Brea. My bad. I, I, Okay. It doesn't really matter. Doesn't matter. Let's talk about a poncho. What do you do for work? Valet. You're a real valet guy in Long Beach. Here in US in Long Beach. Long Beach. I'm from la. Okay. So what's your favorite car to to valet? Driving the car is rough. I love to do that. Yeah. Don't valet your cars. 'cause you get a Mexican like me to do it.


I don't care about my job. So, Poncho. Oh, oh shit. Poncho. Poncho. Tim, What's the, what's the nicest Car you've ever taken a joy ride in? That's a good question. A Lamborghini Eris. Oh My God. You drove somebody's fucking Lamborghini. Yeah. And then I figured out it was just an Audi, it just feels like an Audi. So I would prefer an Audi RA, you know, like an Rs. Wow. Yeah. Over. And what do you drive in real life? A Toyota Stelara. 2005 shit's cling. Wow. Clean title. It's just like an Audi.


No, no. Nah, don't compare it. If It was up to Trump, you'd be Audi to country. Ah, So stupid. I just came from Mexico. I actually visited Mexico. You did the me The Mexicans that are gonna get deported. They're gonna be all right, bro. Mexico's awesome. Okay. Would you stay at a resort somewhere? No. What did you win? An all inclusive vacation. You're like, this isn't bad at all. I Went to the Rancho. I went to the Rancho to go visit my family. My mom's from Teri and she's nobody Deri. I hate when They switch like that. Yeah. Doing that fucking avatar talk. Hey, Mexico, Shut up. My mother's from ranch.


Where's your mother from? Te Wow. It's close to, it's close to Puerto Vallarta. Ah. If Part, what do you think is the most Mexican thing about you? That's a good question. I think it's, I'm lazy. Not his work ethic as Michael Gonzalez. Yeah. I'm really lazy. I'm really lazy. Michael. Throwing his own people under Lato booth.


Okay. What else? Poncho. Why do you go by the name Poncho? Because, So people won't confuse me by, confuse me with Arabian or like any other brown. You think people would think you're Arabian? They do think I'm Arabian. They think I'm hairy or something. It's probably the laziness. Oh, So I, I say Poncho, so people be like, oh no, he is The Only time people would think you're Arabian is if they see you Joy riding around in a Lamborghini poncho. Here you go buddy. Here's a little joke book. Oh my goodness gracious. Oh, and he gives the crowd the finger.


Poncho. Poncho with a complete Heel turn. Oh my God. Poncho turning on the crowd. Heidi is here to fix it. Oh my goodness. And then a hero comes along, poncho, leaving with double birds, double Mexican birds FOR FREE. Absolutely. Absolutely incredible.


Alright. This podcast is sponsored by Shopify. You know, when KILL TONY started, it seemed like we had to figure it out all on our own. Between setting things up, filming the schedule logos, who to keep in the show, what to do, how to work it, what do we do with the bucket people?All these things. It was overwhelming. And every day seemed to introduce a new decision that needed an answer. When you're starting off with something new, it seems like your to-do list keeps growing every day with new tasks. And that list can begin to overrun your life. Finding the right tool that not only helps you out but simplifies everything can be such a game changer for millions of businesses. That tool is Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all the e-commerce in the us. From household names like Mattel and Gym Shark to brands just getting started. Shopify is so easy to use, especially when adding new merch for tour. It helps tremendously when we're on the road. Red Band. You can get started with your own design studio with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build a beautiful online store to match your brand style. Wanna get the word out like you have been a marketing team behind you? You can easily create email and social media campaigns where, when, wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling. Mm, scrolling Or strolling. And best yet, Shopify is your commerce expert with world-class expertise in everything from managing inventory to international shipping, to processing returns and beyond. If you're ready to sell, you're ready for Shopify. So turn your big business idea into with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your $1 per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash KILL. TONY, Go to Shopify dot com slash KILL TONY Shopify dot com slash KILL. TONY.


This podcast is sponsored by prize Picks cash in on the basketball playoffs with prize picks. Don't miss your last chance to add your favorite players from the court to your prize picks lineup. Whether it's points, rebounds, or assists, take your pick of more or less for your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash today. Turn your playoff Hot. Takes into tickets to basketball's championship series. Starting with the play in Round. Every lineup you make on prize picks will enter you in the Takes two tickets, sweepstakes, which could get you and a plus one A VIP trip to the Ship Prize Picks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Mm. Each Tuesday prize picks discounts. Select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. The basketball playoffs are here and the action is heating up on prize picks the best place to cash in on your favorite sports Down. Tony, I love Prize Fix almost as much as I love freaking playoffs. This week on Prize Fix, I'm selecting Luca Hick for more than 28 points. And Jason Tatum for more than eight Rebounds. Wow. Red band. That is a superb lineup. You've really been studying up on basketball. I'm personally selecting Nicola Joki for more than 25 points and Jalen Brown for more than four assists. So download the app today and use code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize picks. Run your game.


Your next bucket pool goes by the name of Jordan Pablo. Everyone. Jordan Pablo. We're having fun here today. From Pancho to Pablo. Hello guys. I couldn't tell my ex-girlfriend what I was into in the bedroom 'cause then none of her friends would wear open toed shoes around me. I, I've been in the, the closet for a long time about my foot fetish 'cause I was smelling all the shoes. Yeah. I don't know what you guys are trying to do when you meet the right lady. I'm just trying to get off on the right foot.


I don't know. Even when I get with a girl, I don't even know what to fucking do. I was with this girl the other day. She's like, choke me, choke me. I'm like, is it that bad? She's like, no, I've been bad. I was like, no, you were great. Thank you. Goes. Okay. 48 seconds of Jordan Pablo Jordan, welcome to the show. This is your first time here? Yes, sir. How long you been on standup? Five-ish years. Five-ish years. Where At Colorado. What do you do for work? Waiter back there now I have no job. DoorDash. Okay. Yeah. You're a waiter back there. Now you have no job.


DoorDash. So you live here now, trying to put this together in order? That's a weird answer. Yes sir. Yes, sir. Okay. You live here? Yeah, I just moved Here. How long have you lived here? A week. Okay. A week. Alright. What have you seen about the sit? What, what do you know? What, what would have you seen? I Don't know that you're interested in a valet job. I think you, I don't know. I did acid Wednesday and I went to the, the little room over there and I, I was talking just like you. I had no idea what I was fucking doing. Wow. Wow. Well that's the end of your career.


No, no, no. Alright. Jordan, what do you do for fun? I like to go see concerts, comedy shows. LSD. Sometimes I try to talk Footlocker. Footlocker. Are you really into feed as much as you've implied? N No. I I That's crazy. You notice that? Like, I only like, no, I like, I like, I just want to give my girlfriend a massage after a long day. My algorithm shows me a lot of them, but other than that, I, I'm kind of, I don't know. I don't like kids. What I, I just like the, they look cute. You're feet, But your algorithms showing you a lot of feet. 'cause you're staring at the pictures of feet.


Yeah. And liking them and messaging the girls. Yeah. I, I don't know. I like them, but like, it's hard to admit that to any girls. So I ease my way into it. I tiptoe into it. Oh, gross. Okay. All right. What else about you, Jordan? Any hobbies or anything interesting? My, my parents own cattle and the ranch in Mexico. Types. Are you Mexican? I'm Mexican, yeah. Okay. Okay. What'd you think of the last guy Had a g? Yeah, that's my cousin.


Yeah. Okay. Jordan. So you're door dashing. How's door dashing going in Austin? Horrible. Like the pin like is like, just like way off. I fucking never know which apartment number to Go to or the building numbers are just all block compared to Colorado. Really? Yeah. I think, I don't know. They're not in like, order here. A weird order. I don't know. That I don't understand. Really. Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. You find this to be a thing. Are you doing it downtown? Is that you're door dashing downtown? No, fricking north side.


A lot of Stuff in Ville. Yeah. It's ville. Whoa. Be on my nest cam. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. It's red band that you've been delivering the Duke of DoorDash. I love it. Jordan, what's your love life like in real life? Oh, it's kind of bad. I just like, I cling to girls. I like, I find a girl and if she likes me, I pretend I love her. And then I just, yeah. Wow. Yeah, it's kind of, I'm, I'm a coward. I don't know. I don't know how to admit what I actually like. I don't know how to, like, I'm afraid of conflict. It's a dumb thing.


Yeah. What's the furthest you've gone out of your comfort zone for these women? Good question. I don't know. When I was 14 in Mexico, like, Ooh. What were you? Incredible. It was a Quin, it was a quinceanera. And like the, my cousins were like, egging me on. They're like, you gotta make the band dedicate a song to her. And I was like, can you do that? And I just met this girl and they're like, he loves you very much. And then they played like a really dirty, like sex song. It was super weird. Yeah. That's, that's the best I've done. Wow. Yeah. Absolutely incredible. Jordan, what's the last thing you do before you Go to bed at night?


Smoke weed. Really? Yeah. That's the last Thing you do. Smoke weed and talk to you or no? Watch, watch. Smoke weed and talk to me. Is That what you just said? Am I hearing this right? Yeah. Am I fucking tripping? I'm starting to fe think this feed thing is really just cock. Yeah. He loves cock. Yeah. Tell these girls about your foot thing. No, No. I just, I watch you. I'm a huge fan. I watch TikTok. That's my last thing I do.


Yeah. So you fall asleep watching this show? Yeah. Yeah. Adorable. Adorable. That's, you should have lied about that. That's, that's what you should have lied about. Makes my dick hard man. Yeah. Incredible. Do your parents support you doing comedy? They Do. They haven't heard a lot of my jokes though. Really? How old are you? 25. 25. Okay. Well there you go. You're right on pace. Jordan, here's a little joke book for you. There you go. Congratulations. Onto the next one. We go, Ooh, Some Mexican music. They like J.


That means the band likes Jordan Pablo. Notice Poncho did not get that kind of treatment. All right. Your next comedian goes by the name of Gordon Dixon. Everyone. Gordon Dixon. Make some fucking noise. Austin, let's go. Florida is in the, I just moved you from Florida. Anybody from Florida in here? There's three people in here that can't read. That's what we, I took a girl on a day yesterday. She got a, she got a T-bone steak. I ordered a ette. Mcni. That's how I knew she's all You're from Florida. I said, bitch, you racist. Anyways.


Austin's weird. I've been here a year now. I just found out that my roommates were swingers. That's awkward. Yeah. I found out the hard way. I woke up to them having sex on top of me. That's not whole room smell like booty hole and corn chips. I knew, but I'm single, so of course I fucked. You know what I mean? I fucked raw too. I didn't give a fuck. That is what you do when you have old people with dementia. That's what you do. You fuck old people. And after I came to my sense, I was like, listen mom and dad, y'all gotta get outta here. All right. That is, I don't think I could get better than that. That's my time. I'm going to Dixie Dixon, y'all.


Wow. Gordon Dixon fucking his own mother and father. Win in Florida. Win in Florida. That is wild. Florida man. Fucks parents. Gordon, welcome to the show. How long have you been doing comedy? Almost six years now. In July. Six years. Where at? Florida. That's a state. Tampa. I started in Tampa. Tampa side splitters. Start out the side splitters. And You still live there? No, no. I live here now. I live here. Okay. How long have you lived here? About a year now. What do you Love about Austin? Texas? I love, I love everything. It's fucking crazy out here. I love it. Yeah. Everyone's on some shit, so I'm on shit too now. I do edibles now. It's a good time.


Okay. Everyone's on some shit. Everyone's is on something. Okay. What do you do for work? I work at Shakespeare's, the bar over next door. I'm a door guy. Bartender? Yeah. Amazing. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Come see me. Okay. What do you do for fun, Gordon? Other than edibles? Other than, oh fuck. I like karaoke. I'm a karaoke guy. Really terrible by singing. But I like karaoke. Okay. What's your Go to song? Oh Fuck. My Go to song is Get Low by Flo Rider and tpa because there's nothing better than the girl with apple bottom jeans with a booty. That's what I'm saying. There's a lot of dudes in the front. But there's some girls in the ass here. I know it. I know it. At least three. The ones from Florida. I know they got ass. Can you do a line of the, from this song for us?


Yeah. I can't. I can't. Shorty had in map bottom GG boots with the fur. Look at her. She hit the floor. The next thing you know. Low. Wow. Low, low, low, low. Wow. Yeah. Perfect. Just out of tuning up for us to not set off the algorithm on YouTube, that will dock the entire pave of the episode. Oh yeah. And give it to tpa. Hell yeah. Gotta love T-Pain. Florida Pave Baby Florida Paint Tallahassee, Whatever. Okay. What do you miss most about Florida? The beaches. I missed the beaches. Y'all don got nothing out here. This shit is terrible out here for water.


What did you like to do at the beaches? I like to just be on the beach. I'm 40 so I like to watch people. I'm a creepy old 40-year-old. I'll just be. Yeah girl. Especially when, and they got a thong in ass. I'll be like, yeah girl, I'm 20 years ago. Ah, fuck you. Now I just beat off to the memory. I'll be like, yeah bitch, this is Wow. Absolutely wild. I love it. Incredible. Tim, I'm not a watch guy. Is that a very nice watch he's wearing? That is a watch off of Amazon. That looks like a very nice watch Air. Am I right? Air? Yeah. It's a fake shop. It's a fake shop. It's F Shop. That's what they call it. Yeah. Cost me $10. Fuck all y'all. This shit looked good. He, he thought it was real.


I just want white people to think I have some real shit. That's all I want. Yeah, No, I knew the second you came out here was the first thing I noticed. I'm real fake ass watch. Probably from Florida. And there he goes. I'm from Florida. What's up? It is straight. Cam sold me it when I met him in Orlando. Cam was like, I gotta watch for you. You wanna watch? I was like, I'll take it. Ah. He didn't sell. He didn't say That. Gordon, what's the craziest thing you've seen over at Shakespeare's? Right next door here. Sixth Street is crazy. This is famously, so the 36, this is insanity all the time. I think a black blind guy is the craziest thing. I saw that. No, I saw a homeless dude jerk off for 30 minutes outside of 30 minutes outside Of mothership, by the way.


And I had to, yeah, thir jerked off. I was looking at him 'cause I didn't know what the fuck he was doing. And he was jerking off and looking at me and we made eye contact and came together. That's how I knew this is Austin. I really, he's Lying. Lying to the people seeing you look at him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he Why are you looking over there? I, I just can't tell what he's doing. It's crazy that a guy's horny enough to jerk off on sixth Street, yet not horny enough to come in under 30 minutes. Yeah, I know. That's amazing. And I was watching them too. I feel like my eyes are good enough for you to come whenever I watch you. That's crazy. Well, I mean, what was the last Five Minutes of that? Like? It was, It was ecstasy. 'cause my, were you, Were you kind of like rooting for him to Not finish?


I was hard as shit. So we were having fun together. No, But seriously, did he come, did you see him come? I Don't, I don't know. I called the cops. Right. I was like, nah, that's crazy. It's fun of Missy's, man. You disrespect mi like that. That's crazy bro. 30 minutes into it, you're, I should probably call it cops, man. It wasn't 30 minutes. It was like 25. But after that it was like enough. Yeah Dude, That's enough bro. Wow. You got this big bro. I was like, you call that a dick. I was like, let me, let me show you a real dick. Come on. I'm, I'm black. When there were current counts, Checked in at the 10 minute mark and said, come on dude.


Finish. And he was still gone. Yeah, he still gone. The cops came before he did? No, he stopped before the cops come. He saw the cops coming. He was like, oh, lemme put it away. I was like, oh, I'm miserable now. Wow. I miss him. He was a good guy. Incredible. And if you had to describe this guy, what exactly did he look like? The guy masturbating? It was, he didn't have that hat on, but I'm sure he had that tattoo right there. He definitely had that tattoo. That's right. That's him. Alright. Do you wanna do the secret show? I'm like, yeah, keep going. Right man. I'll do it. Love you red man. Wow. I've been in your green room. Don't kick me out the next time you see me.


No, we like you Gordon. Thank you. You're a good guy. What ethnicity are you? I'm I'm, my dad is African and German and my mother is Cape Verdean, which is a African or Portuguese mix. So I'm white and white. Black and white man. White and white. Black and white. Black and white. I'm a white. I'm a white white. Mix myself. I'm half of you and half of him. Where this, if you two, fuck, I'll come out. That's what happens. What do you think is the whitest thing about you? The white. My name Gordon. That is the whitest thing about me. What do you think is the blackest thing About you? Definitely my credit score. It is 69, so. Wow. I fuck. I'll fuck my credit score. Here you go Gordon.


Thanks for swinging by. There you go. Oh Jesus. That's the whitest thing about, that's the whitest part about you. The catching ability of Gordon Dixon. We're having fun here tonight. We are blasting through this episode. Everything is running very smoothly.


I have way too much free time. Said no one ever work. Appointments, club bus, family, friends, another club, another bus. More family, more friends. Baby life is nonstop. And trying to find a new place on top of all of that is completely overwhelming. That's where apartments.com comes in. If you want to make time for the things you love, but you still need to find your next home. apartments.com has tools to make your home search so much easier. And it's all on one site with 3D virtual tours to get a peek at a rental listing. Online tour scheduling plus the ability to see the exact unit you're interested in and apply for a place with one click. Renters can handle it all on apartments.com. Make your move from the comfort of anywhere and make more time for you. Join the millions of happy renters and visit apartments.com. The place to find a place.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. You might say all kinds of stuff when things go wrong, but these are the words you really need to remember. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. They've got options to fit your unique insurance needs. Meaning you can talk to your agent to choose the coverage you need. Have coverage options to protect the things you value most. File a claim right on the State Farm mobile app. And even reach a real person when you need to talk to someone like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Your next bucket poll goes by the name of Patrick Christopher. Everyone, here we go. We still having fun out there. Austin. What is up? How y'all doing? Hell yeah man. So I, I've been married for 12 years so I'm ready to start dating again. I wanna know what love is, you know. Nah, my wife's my best friend. There's nothing sad about that. But she makes jokes too. She has jokes of her own too. You know, like anytime she's feeling her age feeling old, she's like, oh, just trade me in already. You know? Just trade me in for a new remodel.


Like she's a car. Right? And I love my wife. I would never trade her in. I do wanna get a rental though. You know? Something fun. Something new to me. Maybe something yellow. A lot of people don't get that joke man. I had one lady yell out, what about a blue one? I was like, how do you know? I like choking pitches. Fuck yes.


Patrick Christopher. Hell yeah. Thumbs up to the band. Woo Patrick. Welcome Chris O'Connor. What do you think about this guy? Patrick Christopher? I did not expect you to walk out. Yeah. Yeah dude. I get a lot of gigs that way. Yeah. Sometimes I think they're gonna a black guy. I was like, well ha I say it, huh? Alright. I love it. You're funny. How long you been doing standup? Seven years. Seven years. Where at? Yeah, San Antonio. Okay.


Yeah. Actually I, IY do y'all remember I did the KILL TONY like seven years ago? No, I don't Remember that. Yeah. Red band knows. We had a moment And You guys remember each other? What'd you guys eat food together? She guys Eat food together A roast. God. Tony h What did you guys eat? Yeah. Writer of 13. Comedy Central roasts. What did you eat? Alright, Patrick, what do you do for work? I worked for a medical clinic. I do insurance. Yeah, That's a lie.


No, no, no. That's very true. It's very sad. 'cause I was doing comedy full time and then I had to get a real job. So That's okay. That makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. Your wife is also Latino? Yes. Latina? Yes. What does she do? She's a server. Okay. Yep. She's a Latino. Alright. And you have kids? No kids. No kids. Let me ask you something 'cause this is a fucking anomaly. How did two married for 12 years? Latinos not have kids. I got her, I got her fixed after we got married. Oh, okay. You got her fixed or you got fixed? No, I got her fixed. Oh my goodness gracious.


Look At that. What she had, she had cancer. We had to deal with it. Huh? Really? Well, Don't, don't fucking back up now, bitch. No. 12 years in remission. Hell yeah. Zero kids. Huh? Zero kids. So she had what, ovarian cancer or something? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Was that tough to go through? How long were you not allowed to fuck her for? It's been 12 years.


You're a funny guy, Patrick. Thank you man. Christopher. Yeah. My goodness gracious abs. What do you like to do for fun? When I'm not doing comedy, I, I play drums. I used No fucking way, no way A Mexican that plays drums and is funny. This is a Mexican drama. You guys know how this works? Patrick does about a 28 to 30 or so second or so solo. If the audience decides that his solo is better than Michael Gonzalez's solo than my friends Patrick Christopher will have to move from San Antonio to Austin to be the full-time drummer of KILL TONY.


If Michael Gonzalez loses, he will have to move to San Antonio and fuck the barren vagina of Patrick Christopher's wife. Anything can happen. This is KILL TONY. And this is a Mexican drum. And this is Patrick Christopher.


Wow. Wow. The crowd goes wild. Oh my god. All that. Oh my God. Chris, what do you think? All that? All that. Not fucking really paid off. Yeah. That guy's got absolute heavy on the drums head. Yeah. A lot of pent up fucking energy and testosterone. Patrick, get back out here. Jon Deas said, come out here, watch this ass. Whoop the band all fucking backs each other up. I get to hear, we get to hear a lot of fun stuff that you guys don't always get to hear. They defend each other.


Patrick. That was a fantastic drum solo. But now the all time undefeated all time Mexican drum off reigning, defending champion of Koni. This is Michael Gonzalez. Wow.


Wow, wow. We will be wet back after these messages. Alright, come on. Alright. How many of you have Patrick Christopher winning this Mexican drum off? How many of you have Michael Gonzalez winning? No doubt about it. No doubt about it. Patrick, get back up there. Yeah. How do you feel right now? Patrick? Outta breath, Dude, I'm fucking outta shape man. I said I played drums.


I don't play drums currently. It's fucking, You're a funny guy, Patrick. You know, I've never done this. I've never done this twice in one night, but I'm I seven years of comedy. Everything you've done has been funny. I'm gonna send you up to have Adam, me get look at you as well. What? So you're going straight up to do a spot in front of the booker of the mothership right now. Right now, right now. And I'd love to have you on the secret Show next week. Andy, here's the big joke book. Patrick Christopher, Ladies and gentlemen.


Oh my God. What a fucking episode. This is also, can you put in a good word with Adam for me when you get up there, even Tim hasn't gotten to perform in front of the booker of the mothership. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Ray Vie everybody. Ray Vie. Hello. I had, I had sex with my first goth girl recently. That was pretty cool.


I could tell she was goth. 'cause when she took a shit on my chest, the shit had a piercing. She told me she didn't think cum was good for your skin. Can you believe that? I told her no. I know the cum is good for your skin. 'cause my belly button is glowing. Look at this shit bitch. Take a look. Fucking idiot. All I do, I do mass shootings, but it's with a t-shirt gun. I'm the mascot for Texas State. You gotta give it up here.


But when you open the T-shirt, it says, don't come to school tomorrow. All right. I like how Michael Jackson said it didn't matter if you're black or white. And then decided, Wow. Ray Genevieve. My God. Unbelievable. Fantastic. You've been on this show before, right, Ray? Yeah. It's been a couple years. Yeah. You're much better now. Yeah. Thank you. You've been Working hard. Yeah. How long you been with standup? Almost four years now. Four years.


All of it here in Texas. All Of it in Texas? Yeah. Yeah. Is this where you're born and raised? I was actually born in New York. Yeah. Wow. That makes sense. Wow. Says a absolutely retarded woman in the middle of the crowd. Her mind is completely blown at the fact that you could be from one of the most populous places in the United States of America. He doesn't even look that gay. You do have some wacky eyes. Do you Ray, I'm guessing upstate New York An hour north? Yes. Yes. You have dark, frightening eyes, Ray. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. A beautiful belly button, but frightening eyes.


What do you do for work, Ray? I'm sorry. What do you do for work? I work at the Sunset Strip. Okay. Wow. Look at, oh, look at this. Look at the CEO over here. The bossman, the proud Boss. Brian Redban. I do, I do AV there. And then I'm also a AV contractor. Like I do contract work. Okay. I work at hotels and stuff. It's A matter, it's gotta be hard to do av in a place with unbelievably high ceilings. You fill the, fill the roof with I work very hard. Yes. It takes a lot of work. Okay. Yeah. What's it like working for Brian Redban?


A lot of people say he's one of the nicest bosses that he brings is extra donuts and stuff. He's great. Yeah. The, the, my main positive feeling is that after a secret show, I get to steal goodies and, and weed drinks. So that's nice. There you go. I don't think he, by the looks of his face, he didn't know that you were doing that. Looks as though you're give him full weeks off. Not right. I'm fucked. Holy shit. I'm fucked. Cut. Lose my job though. Ray. What do you like to do for fun? Looking? Absolutely frightening. Let's see. Right now I'm, I'm trying to learn Spanish really hard. Is that lame?


No, no, it's good. What do you know so far? Just the basics. I, I can't really even communicate. It's a along really hard. We, we just thought it would be more really hard, like letting people shit on your chest. Yeah. I only know those words. What do you know how to say? I could say like, fuck, I was trying to like talk to people in the, in the fucking lair over there about just like The Shakespeares Shakespeares Yeah. Doesn't know English that well. I was just trying to talk to them about like, I, that I went to, I was in Cuba for a couple of weeks, a long time ago.


And that's like the one phrase that I know how to talk about is like, oh, I was in Cuba a long time ago. And then they're like, yeah, really? And then they start speaking to me in Spanish. And then I'm like, all I do is like, I just, Yeah. Oh, I do the Chinese eyes or whatever. All right. So absolutely nothing. You know how to say nothing in Spanish? No. No. That's the answer to the question from two and a half minutes ago. You Know what's, you know what's funny? IIII never met a Duolingo dropout before. I, I do Duolingo obsessively, but also like, I'm pretty good at listening to it because, oh, not obsessive. I, I listen to, I, I like listening Apo.


I, I listen to like Toms and Espanol over and over again, the same episodes just to like learn. And that's mainly what I do. So I can't really speak, but I can like understand when they're talking shit about me in a line. A, a food truck, you know? That's right. Yeah. Right. Anyways, so How do, how do you say, how do you say the guy with creepy eyes ordered multiple tacos? Nothing. What's your love life like, Ray? What do you stare at? Nothing right now. Working on finding someone to stare at. It's been a couple months. Yeah. Yeah. With like a date. Like what's the last date you went on?


Like how does that go down? Are you on the apps? I am on the apps. I'm gonna hinge. I'm a big hit on that fucking thing. What does your bio say? You Feel like damage? Does your bio say that you work at Sunset's trip? No, I, I, I try and I try and pretend I'm not a comedian because I, I'm, I mostly hook up with liberal chicks that think I'd, they, they think I'm a white supremist if I'm even a mile within, if I'm even remotely close to this place, dude. So I lie the whole time. I talk about Palestine and art. I know how to, I really know how to con them into fucking me. And then I go back to, I lie about shit. He's using both cheat codes.


I talk about, I talk about communism, I talk about the Berlin Wall. I do all that shit. And then just every picture in the hinge profile is eyes closed. Yeah. For a long time my profile was really scary. I didn't, I didn't adjust it the correct way. I had weird, I didn't smile in any of my photos. And then I showed my friend and they were like, what the fuck is wrong with you? So like, what? It's self frightening in this photo. What did that look like? What does you not smiling look like? Show us the, that is scary as hell. Yeah. Is, have any of the liberal girls that you've hung out with found out that you have common sense?


Have you ever been like caught? Well, it's like I, I'll always go into dates and I'll like, I'll go into it and really I'll try and talk about how I like speaking my mind. Use certain language like that. And then I test the waters and sometimes they'll be like, oh no, that's not okay. And I'll just be like, well fuck, sit down. Please fuck me. Please fuck me. I'm gonna shoot up a skull if you don't fuck me. Right. Please help me. I have to like, I give in eventually. I'm just like, wow.


Do this for the people of insert high school. Wow. Wow. Compelling. Yeah. Can't imagine how terrified I'd be on a first date if someone was like, I really like to speak my mind. Thinking they're being clever. Wow. Ray, anything else crazy we should know about you before letting you go? Shit, I guess I'm trying to become a citizen of Slovakia right now. Wait. Oh shit. This is some fucking cra. Heidi, Grab the map.


There's a, there's a beautiful castle. I wanna be in a vampire in What is going on in Slovakia to where you are trying to become a citizen. Guarantee you haven't learned a fucking word of the language yet. 0% chance of that fucking, It's really a bad language. It's a terrible, but oh God. If they're listening, I love it. Let me in. Please. What is it about Slovakia that you want? So, So I, I'm a, I have like, my ancestors are from there and I wanna be able to get citizenship there so I can like own property and then also be able to like work there. So as like a comedian, it's like just a good idea.


I think if I wanted to travel, how close you to owning property, but not, not just in Slovakia. It would be anywhere in the eu. You get full citizenship. So God, I'm not gonna get in now 'cause of this shit. You Wanna own property? I'm not gonna get it in Slovakia. You could own it anywhere in the EU if you do that. So where would you buy property? I Don't know. You could like Spain or somewhere. That's, is That what you would do? This doesn't make any sense. I'm Just trying to figure it out. So you live in America, you're an American citizen. I would, I would keep the, it's dual citizenship. Sure, I got that. But instead of buying property in the greatest country in the world, you would buy property in, I don't know, anywhere in Europe. You like, don't even have an exact Spread my wings. You know, maybe just keep the options open.


It ke it takes like two years to get citizenship. So It takes many, many years for you to learn Spanish. God, I'm fucked. I have no chance when you start getting booked in Slovakia, could you put in a good word for me, please? I, I would love to have be on the secret show next week. Thank you so much. Here you go Ray. Here's the big joke buck. Alright, one last bucket poll. One last bucket poll. Make some noise for Mike Ayo. Ba Mike Ayo. Oh yeah. Here.


He's Mike Ayo. Woo. Yeah, that's the black dance right there. The Dougie. He don't matter. Don't matter what beat is going on man. A nigga going Dougie. Man. This is a nice crowd. This is not an open mic for sure. Nah. A little bit about myself. I Yo baby, that's a, that's a crazy non-American last name right there. Born and raised in Nigeria. Don't get scared when I tell people that they wanna put their phones away, man. Think I'm gonna send 'em an email. So let's chill. It's not coming.


It's nah. Being born and raised in Nigeria, man. Make you appreciate things that y'all in America take for granted. You know, clean air, clean water. Y'all got nice water here, man. The one in Nigeria. You could see germs and demons in that thing. Break dancing. You could see Grace Brown in your cup. I'm trying to tell you man, you take a sip, you don't know what you going catch. You might catch a demon or disease. You know, you might need a doctor or priest, you know, to relieve you of your pain. That's what you might, okay, that's my time. Mike Ayo baby.


Yeah. How, how do, how do you say that? Ayo baby. Huh? A yo baby. That's A crazy last name for a black guy. 'cause it's also the perfect thing to scream at your dad as he's leaving you. Nope. I gotta Father, unfortunately, guys have a good night. Hey, IO baby. You got a father? Leave Me. Both of them. Dad and mom. They both stay together. It's the African thing, man. Really? Yeah, Man, when you poor, you stay together, you don't, okay. And they're in Nigeria right now? No. No. They're in Minnesota freezing their ass off. Wow. Yeah, that's where I landed first in Minnesota. My goodness. What made you guys Go to Minnesota first? You saw the George Floyd Man, you been to Nigeria.


What have you been to Nigeria? I've been to Minnesota. I'd rather, I'd rather Go to Nigeria to be honest with you. You Go to Nigeria, you gonna want to leave and go anywhere but Nigeria. I think I would fit in just fine there. Oh, Tony, they gonna smell you right from the plane, man. Just, what does that mean? We can smell Tony. What's that Mean? It means how, how old were you when you moved from Nigeria to the United States? I was about 13 years old. Okay. Yeah. And what was the biggest difference that you noticed other than white people?


Food. Okay. Let's talk about Nigerian food for a second. Tell us about the cuisine of Nigeria. Go ahead. Talk Man. We got the, the, the primary one is Fufu Fu. Yeah, fufu Sounds good. What's fufu? So fufu is like, it's like a doey substance. It's made outta yams. Okay. You know, you put yams and then you put water, you pound it up and then it's turn it turns. It's like a gangster ass mashed potato. Hell yeah. Red band. That's the sound effect. Flies fufu is all around the, the fufu. Oh no. Get outta here. Ah, get outta here. Fly. Oh man. Hey, you know it'd be like that man.


You know when it's hot, the flies come around. Absolutely. Yep. Absolutely. But yeah, fufu, we got that fu again, it's a doey substance and then the different kind of soups Okay. That you get with it. I love it. I love it. Yeah. What do, how did your parents get American citizenship? Are they part of a special program or something? Lot. Yeah. Lottery visa. Lottery visa. Yeah. Lottery Visa. Yep. That must have Been a George Bush. Okay. Got me here. Republican baby. George W. Bush. A Republican. Yeah. He signed that thing. No doubt about it. We know him very well. So you went from the bush because of a bush?


I was waiting on that. I Was waiting. I love it. He Took me, George Bush took me out the bush. That's, have you ever seen a lion? Oh man, we ate 'em all in Nigeria, man. They ran out. They bounced. Really? They went to freaking Botswana. And then where the white people at? Nice. Over there. Lot Of white. We was grilling them. Lot Of whites in Botswana. That's Right. Hell yeah. What did your dad do for work in Nigeria? Oh my god. Crazy. He was a, He worked at a foot locker. Ain't No, I'd imagine there's a lot of 'em out There. No, ain't no Foot Locker in Nigeria. Hell no. We'll eat that too.


He was a sufu. He was a photographer in Nigeria, which didn't get him a lot of money. That's why we left. Like of animals and stuff. Of hungry people of the, you know, the kids with the fat bellies and the goddamn flies in they eyes. What Does he do for work in Minnesota? Oh man, you, that's nursing home. That's what Africans come here to do. They get right into nursing home. They, they're like nurses. Well, nursing homes. So nursing assistants, right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. Racking up easy ws on the patients. I don't know. You guys have seen the videos about it? Yeah, no doubt about it. We, the ones looking after the white grandparents. That's what they doing. Slapping 'em around when?


Yep, That's right. Sign your money away with this contract. Yep. Patting the record. Shut up and take your appeal. Mr. Jefferson. Shut up your mouth. Take your pill bastards. Bring over by the next one. You're just serving Foo all day. Oh man. What is this that my grandma's eating? Why is there flies all over it. She Use it using our hands too. That's a, that's one thing you gotta do with food. You gotta use your hands to Eat it. I love. Okay. Why? What do you do for work here in America? Oh man, I did a lot of things. I used to sell cars. I used to work at a factory now in Austin.


I, I drive, I drive for Amazon, I do Amazon and then I do Uber on The south again. You went from the Amazon to, to The Amazon. Absolutely. Man, there's just something about that. Bush and Amazon. Bush to bush. Amazon to Amazon. This is the American dream. What was that? It was a little jungle bird. That's actually the name of that sound effect is Jungle Bird Man. Yeah. Yes sir. I love it. What do you do for fun? Man? I bless the Reins. Oh my goodness gracious. He's doing it alive.


We're getting word. It just started raining outside. It is a downpour here in Austin, Texas. Well, On rain right now. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully y'all got your goddamn umbrellas. Absolutely. Just some them motherfuckers. Absolutely incredible, Man. I don't know. I try to stay away from the police. That's what I do for fun, you know? Yep. That must, that's a full time job. Swear out of 'em man. You know? So regular things. What are our thoughts about fat booted white bitches, Man? Oh, this is very good. I like, I like it. I like You like it. Big Booty. I saw a lot of big booty black women in Nigeria. You know? What Do you prefer, black or white? Man? I don't, man, my dick don't discriminate man. I, I accept, I accept any, any pussy I get right now, you know.


Amazing. When's the last time you got pussy? You seem like you, I Got some coming this weekend. So You got some coming? Yeah. Yeah, I got some. I got some pushy. I got some coming this weekend. God damnit some order through Amazon. Yeah. Some coochie on the way. You got a come in prime? Huh? Where's it coming from? Where's It coming from? Yeah, I bet you know she, she's Spanish. She's Spanish, you know what I mean? I tried to try something new. Tried a little Mexico. Wow. I've tried black. I was in Minnesota. I tried white a lot out there, you know? Yeah. What do you notice the difference between the white vagina and the black vagina? Mm man. This one's on you.


It's maybe Man. Oh, white vagina. Like it a little rougher. They like, like it a little rougher, man. I don't know. Black women. When you say they like it a little rough, what exactly do You mean? You could smack a white bitch in the ass and she'd be cool with it. Black women, they tried to take an admissions man. Oh nigga. That's too hard. That's Too hard. Ah, That's too hard, bro. That's, you would think. You would think based on history, it would be the other way around. Hey, yo. Hey, hey, hey man. How many panthers died for this curtain to look flat right here, man. Any, it's a lot of Anyway. Yeah. Well, Mike, before I let you go, one more crazy thing about your life that makes you different, what's something that you're into or that we would be surprised to know about you?


I got a college degree. No way. Yes way. Oh my god. Fucking finished man. Wow. Ain't using it though. Ain't using it though. Relax baby. Social science. I'm working at Amazon. Wow. Shit. Didn't help my black ass. My goodness. Where'd you Go to school? I went to Winona State University. Well, I went to Juco first. I went to junior college first. Rochester, Minnesota. Rochester Technical College. And then went to Winona State. What the hell is that? Did you, did you say what your major was? Social.


Social actually. Social work. Social work was my wage major. Yeah. Social work. Helping people very Noble. You are awesome. I like your style. The minute was a little rough. You're a little rusty. You could, you're, you got, but you are so charismatic. The interview absolutely unbelievable. Appreciate you. I think you need, you do a, you keep doing spots. Keep getting out. Keep working it out. And you're gonna be just fine. Mike. I Yo baby, you can't even make it up. I, yo baby. Well, there's only one way to end a show like this. William Montgomery is sick and Ari Matti is in Estonia.


So I present to you one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. Ladies and gentlemen here with yet another new minute. The guy who misses less than anybody, he's always here. Never fucking says, Hey, can I take a week off? Hey, I don't know. He, his work ethic is unbelievable. He is the undeniable, the one and only this is Cam Patterson. Without slavery, I could have been that nigga.


Yikes. Oh, I be, I be going to clubs and shit. I Go to clubs a lot and I went to a club recently about home in Florida and one of the bouncers had like, had one of the wine things and he wandered the bottom of my feet and I left that line immediately dog. Because I don't wanna go nowhere. They getting foot pistols in. That's crazy. That's psychopathic. And I also have a theory about bouncers, not the bouncers here, because they are regular people. But I think like bouncers anywhere else are all gay. That's what I think they, they big gay niggas. That's what I think big undercover gay niggas. Because every time I Go to a club, they pat me down. They always touch my dick. My dick get touched every single time.


And they, if the club is full, they probably touched 200 dicks. It's a lot of dicks to touch as a straight man, gay ass nigga. That's crazy gay. And if I was a bouncer and I'm not, 'cause I'm not gay, but if I was, if I was a bouncer and I patted you down, you had a big dick than me. I would not let you in the club. No, my girlfriend's in there. No, no buck. There's gonna be a bunch of little dick don little dick dance and shit like that. Know that I can appreciate your, y'all. That is how it's done yet. Another new minute and some change for Cam motherfucking Patterson.


Oh man. Absolute anomaly. How are, are you Cam? I'm good man. How you feeling? Great. Hell yeah. This was Such a fucking fun effort. It episode was great to watch today. Episode, episode tonight, right? Yeah. Yeah. Shit been cool to see dog. That one Mexican nigga that came out and said immediately was crazy. Yeah. And boy Was psycho. That was crazy as shit. Dog Lunch show. And then it all went downhill from there. Oh yeah. He tried to get out 23 seconds into his set. He's like, oh God, appreciate that. Thank you. Goodnight. That was incredible. That nigga retarded man. It's all good. It Started, it may have been one of the wildest, like though he started with pure heat and then he left with a barrage of booze and double birds.


He meant that shit too. Oh yeah. Oh man. He turned on this crowd cam. My God. You have been a relentless regular on this show. Appreciate. And yet you did it again. What's going on in your life? Nah, I got a new car. I got two new cars. Yeah. Oh, you have two cars. Okay. Slow. Well that's not the way that slow down. We were hoping you would spend, You don't know where they're though. You don't know where they're Oh well I'm sure when I find out what they are. Yeah, You'll be more excited. One is a Chevy Impala. Yeah, I know that. Yeah. I bought that with 20 inch rims. No, No, 1924. 24. Yeah. Yeah. Go Four 20 Fo Yeah.


24. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And you got what yet? 96. Fuck nigga. That's Right. It is an unbelievable car. He insisted that I Go to the parking lot and check it out when he got it. And I gotta tell you, I was really proud of you. It was Incredible though. The rings are shiny. The inside is classy as hell. Lot of space. Hell Yeah. Yeah. For fucking, yep. Well fucking that car. Yep. That's well fucking that car for sure. Yep. That's the fucking car. Have you done it yet? No, But I'm going to, I'm telling you, I'm gonna fucking that car. Okay. Alright. And I Got like, I got souths of men too. So the seats rattle. So pussy it get wet because like a vibrator, like, All right. Yeah, nigga. Okay, I'm gonna fuck in that car.


Okay. And you have a new car? Yeah. Okay. Yep. What is this one? I'm on Facebook Marketplace Too much is the problem. It's a a 2014 Infinity. Okay. What made you get an infinity? I don't know. Genetics. What did he say? What he say? My daddy had an infinity. My granddaddy had an infinity. Everybody had an infinities. Man. Your sister Infiniti also had an infin To the stage. Infinity. Oh my god.


Cam. Yeah. Why would you get a second car? I Don't know. Have you thought about buying property? Yes. But you I thought about it. I Ain't, I ain't, that's all I did. I thought about it. I'm, I'm getting out, we're doing shit. Okay. How do you feel about Slovakia? What? That's it. I don't fucking know. What is that? What color is this? Infinity. It's like a, it's like a, it's like, I don't even know how to explain it. It's like that it's got A rap on it. It's like, Like purple. Yes. I fucking knew it. I fucking knew it. No, it, it's not it from the second you said infin. I'm like, I shouldn't ask him the color. It's kind of a boring question in front of millions of viewers.


But I'll bet it's purple. I want ask. I bet it's, it's fucking, its not. It's purple-ish. Fuck you, Tony. I know it's, I know. I can see the color. It's like purple. It's like almost black, but it's got like a purple tint, pink plum. Jon Deas, our senior black correspondent is saying plum. And we know that it's plum. I can literally, I know you well enough to know the look on your face. Why? I can show Why Don, I think, What do you think is, I could show you on a fucking, I will have bread band bring up the fucking color thing and I will show you the color and you're gonna drop the mic. 'cause I'm gonna, gonna fucking nail it. But how do you think it's plum? Why do you think it's plum? What? Why do you think it's plum? What make you think it's plum?


What makes you believe it's plum color? I don't understand Oh, okay. Well that's kind of just like normal. Okay. Here, maybe this one. This chart right here. We Brought up a rainbow. That's gay. Well, Dude, dude. With a purple car. Fucking rainbows. Stupid gay. Super gay. Purple is cool. It's not purple though. It's not purple, but if it was purple it'd be fucking cool. It's not plum. You fucking, I mean I cut That out. I didn't say I'm gonna pick this square right here. How close am I to correct?


That's the fucking color dude. Go up a little bit. It's plum dude. Pink plum. No, not pink. It's a little, it's a little darker than that, but it's got that, that You're wrong. If you had to say the color of the car, how would you describe it? Purple-ish. God. So much fun. What else, cam, anything else we should know about? Nah, that's it. Really? Oh. Oh no. Oh, Oh no. There is no, nah. So I going, I was gonna, Canada, we going to, we went to Canada this weekend.


It was in Toronto and my dad been to Canada a couple times, like a lot with me. Oh, Kenny Patterson like a lot. Legend of Kenny Patterson. It gets stronger today. So he, he Go to Canada a lot and then we went through the, what is it, the immigration, whatever the fuck what them niggas is. Yep. Customs. Yep. Customs went through customs and the dude was like, y'all gotta go inside for a second. And so we going, it's me, my dad, and my sister. And we go inside because we, we drove, we drove over there from Buffalo and we went inside and she, he just, the lady just called my dad over and then she was like, yeah, you got like a domestic abuse charge from 99. Oh My god. And I was born in 99, so, Oh My God.


He just went, well see y'all in Buffalo, nigga. I don't know to tell you. He made his wife purple. Oh. And then minute walk back to, to America. Really? Yeah. You can't Go to Canada If you have any kind of charge like That. He got in three times and he told him later that he was like, I got in three times. And she was like, we didn't see the first couple times. He was like, you're a dumb bitch. And I was like, wait a minute, don't do it again. Not here. This Ain't the place to do it. Cam, you are the man. Thank you so much. Cam Patterson. Ladies and gentlemen.


Wow. Killing it. Cam Patterson. How about one more time for tonight's guests? TIM BUTTERLY is on tour. Tim Butterly dot com. TIM BUTTERLY show check out. Dad Meet. One more time for Chris O'Connor. Everybody tires season two, June 4th. Stop Island is this podcast. Thank you to BLUECHEW and nicked nicotine pouches. These guys are on tour. Check 'em out A chris O'Connor dot com and TIM BUTTERLY dot com. The drawing from Ryan J Belt is in. Thank you very much for having me Tony. This was a fucking pleasure dude. This is TIM BUTTERLY dream Come True.


Chris O'Connor. Fun times gentlemen. How about one more time? For the best stand band in the Land Red band, check out the sunset strip atx.com. Love you guys. Go rewatch the Netflix specials. Shout out to to our good friend Shane Gillis for holding it down as the great Donald Trump and Kyle Dunnigan and Adam Ray and everybody. Rogan Cigar, all the special treats. Jeff Ross, everyone live audience. Thank you so much. We love you. Goodnight everybody.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Now at Verizon, we are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan. And you can get a single line for just $45 a month when you switch and bring your phone. That's our best price ever on unlimited welcome with autopay plus taxes and fees guaranteed for three years because at Verizon we got you. Visit your local DC Verizon store today. $20 monthly promo credits applied over 36 months with a new line on unlimited welcome in times of congestion unlimited 5G and 4G LTE may be temporarily slower than other traffic. Domestic data roaming at two G speed price guarantee applies to then current base monthly rate additional terms and conditions apply.


Plan on flying. In order to board domestic flights your driver's license or state issued ID must be a real id. Learn how to get your real ID today at tsa.gov/real ID or visit your local DMV.