
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Rudy coming live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of Kale. Get up, Tony It. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Thanks So much Red band, Ladies and gentlemen. And how about one more time for the best damn band in the land?


That is indeed The KILL TONY Band, Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, Michael Gonzales, nachos Bel Grande. That is the great Matt Mulling on the Electric guitar. Jon Deas on The Keys. And that is D Madness on the bass guitar. Stupid Straws. How we feeling tonight? Everybody? Happy to be here. I am wearing sunglasses for the first time in the show's history for I am coming off fresh from WrestleMania. Last night we did a roast of WrestleMania, which lasted until the wee hours of the night and then hung out with Triple H and fucking a bunch of people that you guys could never fathom the type of life that I live.


Long story short. And so that sunglasses night. That sunglasses night for this guy too. Look at, look at this dirt ball right here. He's got a grill. Absolutely. That's unbelievable, sir. How fucking cool are you? I love it. I need someone to take my trash out on Wednesdays. Are you free on, we alright anyway? Fuck yeah. Before we get tonight's show started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


Hey y'all. This podcast is indeed sponsored by BLUECHEW. Guys have better sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets for better sex. And starting now, BLUECHEW is offering a combo so strong it'll knock your socks off and your neighbor's socks off. Discover the options of BLUECHEW dot com and we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of BLUECHEW free. When you use promo code Tony, just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code Tony. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast. Oh, you're popping a little bony Right now.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. Knowing you could be saving money for the things you really want is a great feeling. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can choose to bundle and save with a personal price plan like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Summer's here. And Nordstrom has everything you need for your best dress season ever. From beach days and weddings to weekend, weekend getaways in your everyday wardrobe. Discover stylish options under a hundred dollars from tons of your favorite brands like Mango Skims, princess Polly, and Madewell. It's easy too with free shipping and free returns in-store. Order pickup and more. Shop today in stores online at Nordstrom dot com or download the Nordstrom app map.


Who's ready to start? Tonight's episode, huh? Every single week. I have two of the most entertaining people in the world on this show. This week is no different. We have the return of one of our favorite guests of the year and a first time guest who I can say with no hesitation is my favorite person on all of social media. Nobody makes me laugh like this man. One of the greatest entertainers in the world. One of the most fascinating creatures on planet earth. One of the greatest athletes of all time. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you tonight's guests, Antonio Brown and Tommy Pope.


Fuck yes, Antonio. Motherfucking Brown baby. Let's go. Tommy Pope. Let's go. Tommy Pope Is on one of the funniest shows on Planet Earth. One of the two funniest shows. It's KILL TONY and Tires. He is on tires. Season two debuting June 5th, one of my favorite comedians. He does the look at Dish on YouTube and stuff. Island is his podcast. Thanks for having me, Anthony. Good to be here, Thomas. And this is indeed one of the most fascinating entertainers in the world.


ANTONIO BROWN. Thanks for having me. ANTONIO BROWN, His first time on the show at AB 84, but I'm sure anybody that watches this show's already following your crazy ass. It is unbelievable. He posts about Jimmy Kimmel being gay and it is my favorite shit on planet Earth. He will find some gay shit and he will post it and you'll say, this is what Jimmy Kimmel does for breakfast or fucking all of it. You name it. And I get it and I send it to Joe. I send it to Shane and fucking you are what we share. People might wonder, Hey, what are some of the funniest people in the world text about?


We send Antonio Brown's tweets to each other and Kanye. Kanye's got some good ones too. You got some stiff competition out there. One of the greatest geniuses of all rap geniuses of all time is also a wild boy on social media. ANTONIO BROWN is stay anchor.com, some CBD stuff. That's you. It's the weed. That's right. You got weed. Okay. Yeah. It's THC and crash. What is it? Crash Pot Buckets. Crash out buckets. Crash out buckets.com. For those of you in the market for a helmet, he is selling them.


Should Be in that. Cool. You can wear a Vietnam helmet. Yeah. And nobody brings it up, dude. He walked into the green room. Everyone's like, yo, you look great, dude. Sick as hell, bro. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure Antonio's got the market cornered for people that are looking for some hardass helmets. I'll tell you, our fan base needs fucking helmets. So you just hit the lottery, crash out buckets.com for your Antonio Brown helmet. And yeah, it's going down. Everybody. Antonio's first time on the show, over 200 people signed up to be on this Mamma jamma.


They're crammed in a bar right next door. If I pull one of these names outta the bucket, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know their time is up When you hear the sound of a kitten, that means they have to wrap it up then or else They bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which rudely interrupts them. And then I interview them and we all find out more about them. Live in the Flesh. Don't touch the bucket. Pull a name out. Fucking weirdo. Gave him a real chance to do something cool. And he takes it like he's Paul Bearer holding an urn for the undertake. Oh, the book. Fucking a weirdo Fucking blew It. The first name has been picked by what appears to be one of Donald Trump's nephews.


And so the show shall begin while we go wrangle your first bucket Pool of the night. I have a golden ticket winner. Ready to go for your first 62nd uninterrupted set of the night. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise. This is a long awaited return of one of the great golden ticket winners. This is Todd Royce. Everybody here we fucking go. What is up Austin? I dunno. I have a weird relationship with my mom. Does anybody else have a weird relationship with my mom? My mom never understood boundaries when it came to me. Like she never understood that there were things I don't want to hear my mom say.


Like I remember one time she came home and she said, Hey Todd, I got a joke. I go, what's that? And she goes, why can't miss piggy count to a hundred? I said, why? And she said, because it's 69. She gets a little fog in her throat. I was like, mom, that's disgusting. Also, I think it should be frog. She goes, what do you mean frog? I go, at 69, she gets a little frog in her throat. It's a frog like Kermit. She goes, no, no, no. It's fog. Like cum. And I was like, mom. So now I'm a 16-year-old virgin arguing about the sexual habits of two Muppets with my mom. She's probably why I'm still in therapy. It's probably also why I get an erection every time the Muppets come on. Or I talk to my mom.


That's a joke. I'm kidding. I've never gotten hard watching the Muppets grow up. Thank you guys. Alright. Todd Royce. There you go. 60 seconds. Set. That's how it's done. He's done it again. How long ago did we meet you, Todd? When did you get your golden ticket? It's 2019. 2019. Wow. Six years ago. It's a long time. Got it. One full pandemic. Absolutely. That I survived. Wow. Shockingly incredible. And that is only because of crash out buckets.com. That's true. That's true. You wore a helmet throughout the entire thing. Absolutely incredible. Todd, remind us how long you've been doing standup. I've been doing standup for seven years.


How old are you? I am 46 years old. 46. Wow. Yeah. You don't look a day over 450 pounds. Look at you. People Do say, I look young for my age, but that's just 'cause I'm a health nut. You're a health nut. Yeah. What kind of nut is that? Exactly? There's one definitely wrapped in chocolate and Yeah. Yeah, For sure. And what have you been up to, Todd? Tell us what's been a while since you've been on the show. I live in Las Vegas. I just started a show in Las Vegas in downtown on Las Vegas Street. Oh, Vegas is, you live in Las Vegas because you are the sphere. That's right. That's right. The the dead is inside me Right now because the Grateful Dead.


They're doing a show out at the, nevermind. You got it. Okay. You're Doing good, Todd. You're doing good. Where exactly do you get a shirt that size? Where do you have to go? Is that a custom job? What exactly? What the fuck? A Mexican Roofing company. Yeah. So they lay the tarp down when they do roofs, roofs, roof. No, this was just a tarp in the backyard. We just had it. Okay. And so I put it on. No, but seriously, where do you get closer? I I go to a place called DXL, which by the way, if you don't know, a lot of people think it's Deluxe XL or whatever.


It's destination extra large. If this is your destination, you fucked up in life. Yeah, no doubt about it. Yeah, it is incredible. We have one of the greatest football players of all time here. Have, did you ever play football, Todd? Don't. You don't have to touch the guests. All right, I'll stop. Did you ever play football? Todd? You're a big boy. You seem like you would've been a good center or offensive lineman or something. Well, I, I, I thought about it, but then there's a lot of running in football and I'm not much of a runner, believe it or not. And no, I never really did football. I did wrestling, but that was, that was never played football. If you want to, if you wanna take me under your wing and maybe I could start another career, Maybe he could take you under his wing and you could take him under your breasts and thighs Because You are a monster.


Todd, how much exactly do you weigh? I, I, Right now you wanna know how much I weigh? Oh, I want to know Also. Do you guys wanna know how much I weigh? Let's get the scale ready here. You I there's the lovely Heidi, Ladies and gentlemen. Absolute eye candy. So much candy that Todd wants to eat her I love. Yeah, that's true. Todd would eat everything except for a pussy. What do you think you weigh Todd? Last time I checked I was two. No, four.


I I'm gonna need a's helmet. This thing's gonna shatter. This is going everywhere. I was only 412 pounds. Okay, you guys wanna take a guess? D Madness. Tommy. Tommy, would you like to take a guess at how much you think Todd weighs? Right. Scottish blueberry. Let me tell you something. I'm gonna go, it's, first of all, it's nice to meet you. Yeah, Very. No, no, absolutely. I'm sorry. I'm Sorry for what's about to happen. I thought I heard that you just died. But that was, I guess someone else. It Was a different pope. Okay, thank you. This Is TOMMY POPE. Are you fucking done? You're Thinking of Pope Francis?


I just went up 50 pounds. I just went up 50 pounds for that fucking attitude. I just said it. Good to meet you. I'm gonna make this easy. You're right. No, not anymore. I'm sorry. Yeah, no, you're right. Four 12. You're going with his guess. So the last time he weighed in it was four 12. Tommy's going with four 12. Let's get a guess. Wait, did He say that? Yeah, he said four 12. Yeah, I swear to guys did not hear that. Well that's just unbelievable. It was right there. There's a lot of amplification in the room. There's literally, I've Never been hard to see, but I guess sometimes I'm hard to hear. Wow. There you go Todd. Alright. Alright, let's check in with the great ANTONIO BROWN. He was four 12 last time he weighed himself.


What do you think he's weighing in at today? Do you want the full turnaround? Black dudes usually like me from behind. He said that you might like his fat white ass. Antonio. I get What's the number? What do you think? That's a whole lot of chicken. Oh, he, oh, the chest muscles work. That's right. I've saved four 50. 4 54 50. I like that. Guess I actually like Antonio's. Guess I was going to go around there. I'm gonna go 4 35 red band. You are the senior obese correspondence.


All right. I'm gonna go with 4 20, 4 20 coming fresh off of four 20. I don't think I'm that high. Okay, well we're gonna see. You don't know what we see when we look at you. I've, it is incredible. I'm also wearing heavy shoes. I got, oh, That's all that, all that is all part of the guess here. That is an you're wearing heavy Ears too, dude. And now Ladies and gentlemen stepping on the scale. This is Todd Royce, Tommy Pope. Gimme a reading over there. We should all be wearing protective goggles, right? Oh four 12. Four 12. Exactly.


That is correct. Gimme A book. Gimme a book. Yes. Book. That is a much better direct. That's a much better reaction than my doctor usually has. Sweet. So your doctor, Your Doctor needs to be fired. Yeah. Yeah. Your doctor's fucked up dude. He's Fleecing you. I'll tell you. Todd, anything else crazy we should know about before letting you go? I am trying to get my Instagram followers up to over 500,000. You need More grams? Yeah. I'm at 9,000 Right now, so it's gonna be hard. But if you guys could help me out, that'd be awesome. I also got shows coming up in San Antonio. Seattle.


Are you gonna say your Instagram handle? Yeah, sure. It's, that would be a brilliant idea. Think anyone's watching this show. It's, I'm kidding. I'm I'm, Hmm. Don't ever insult the show. That's Crazy. It's Todd Royce. That's TO double d. Royce XXL. Wow. There you go. There it is. Motherfucker Little something from your pal red band over there. There he goes. He's got the show started with a bang and a boom and a one and a two. There goes Todd Royce. And to the bucket We go. You guys excited to be here? This is the fun part of the show. This is the nitty gritty.


This is where we meet people altogether. Perhaps we've seen them before. Maybe they're worse than they were before. Maybe they're better than they were before. Maybe it's their first time ever on the show. Maybe it's their first time doing comedy. Either way. I try my best to find out as much about them. That's interesting. As I possibly can make some noise for your first bucket. Pull of the night. His name is Tyler Wayne. Everybody. Here we go. Tyler Wayne. Hello everyone. I I hope you guys had a good four 20 or Easter if you're gay. I, I hate when people say that weed doesn't like have any medical benefits.


We can save your life. You know, like I was a piss test away from working at Walmart. You guys, oh man. It is good to be here. I'm having a weird day though. I'm having one of those days where your ex calls you from the psych ward. Anyone else date the homeless? It's fun. It has benefits. Like, you know, you get the fuck at the park, you just have to sleep there too. That sucks. That sucks. But we wound up breaking up 'cause I got a place, you know, and I brought her indoors and she kept doing homeless shit inside. And it's like, you can't be doing this, you know, we gotta be better people.


Get that piss jug outta here. Thank you Tyler. Wayne, you think homeless people piss in jugs? Yeah. When you're sleeping in the car. Okay. That's a more specific type of homeless. A homeless car, full person in a piss jug. Normally they just piss outside. Yeah, I, I had respect for the other homeless around me. I was like, I don't wanna brag, you know, and Show 'em my, if there's any homeless people listening, they will be proud to know that you think they piss in jugs. Okay. Tyler, how long you been doing standup? Six years. Six Years.


Where at? I started in Iowa. Okay. Is that where you were born and raised? I was born in Louisiana, but I was raised in Iowa. Yeah. Okay. What do you do for work? I'm a cook at Creek in the cave. Wow. Cook at Creek in the cave. What was that? Was that you Tommy? Yeah. I'm sorry, what was that? I Just put on his jewelry. Dude, I'm fucking feeling It. Oh shit. Oh shit. I just noticed that. Lemme case something about your set Right now, man. You're doing real good out there. Keep it going. Thank you Soda. Hell yeah. Absolutely. That's, that's My real as name by the way. Yeah.


Isn't that cool? Really? Yeah. Your real last name is Papa. Yeah. And you go by Pope. Oh yeah. I had to change it. You could be Tommy Papa. Isn't that cool? Why'd you change it? Oh, there's another one. Oh, There is Tom Papa. Yeah, he fucked me up. Oh, that's interesting. And he bakes bread in his, yeah. Very, very liberal Guy. You know what I'm gonna do? Yeah. I'm gonna get on show with him. Show up in his fucking Vietnam helmet. Put this on. Yeah. And I'll say fight me to the fucking death. That's right. For The rights of the name. That's Right. Crash out buckets.com. The exclusive place to get a helmet like that. Look how Cool this looks. Dude, imagine.


We're having fun. I love it. So Tyler, you are a cook at the creek and the cave. What do you do for fun? I like to go skateboarding. I pick that up. Texas. You have a skateboard? Yeah. Okay. You picked that up recently? Yeah, about a year ago. Okay. How the hell did you just hand me a little skateboard? That's a KILL TONY skateboard. Oh my God. Shit. Where did you get this from? I dunno. Wow. Fucking heath. Cordes is Kidding. He rode in on it. I love it. That's incredible. Okay. Tyler, you have a girlfriend? Yeah. Okay. Is she really homeless? No, Not that was, well, when I was dating that girl, we were both homeless.


Yeah. We were The car. Yeah. So you really were in a home double homeless relationship. Yeah, I like roommates. You know, I didn't want to, I didn't wanna be alone when I was What Are some highlights of a double homeless relationship? Well, one time I was taking a dump and she was telling me about how she worked for the government. Hold on. Where were you taking a dump at? Exactly? This was when we were inside, Inside of a house? Yeah. Yeah. It's the good old days. I don't mean to brag. I was shitting indoors. Yeah. Yeah. This Is a real call. Absolutely incredible. So you, the door is open. Is this a studio apartment, I'm guessing?


Yeah, it was a studio. The door was closed. She opened it to tell me that I didn't have to work anymore because she worked for the government and Wow. She was lying. I still had to go to work. She was Just, she was just lying to you. What did she say? That she got hired for the government to do Spy work. Oh yeah. Oh, totally. That's a real thing. Anytime your homeless girlfriend tells you she just got hired by the government to become a spy. Did You, you know, for the ultimate kick flip, dude, It's A skateboard joke. Yeah. So what did you say while taking a shit and she tells you she got hired by the government. Well, it was my first time watching someone having a, a psychological break right in front of me.


So I didn't, I just kind of agreed and was hoping she didn't have a knife. How did this relationship end? Take us through the breakup there. I do you want me to drop you off at your dad's house or the shelter? No, seriously. Come on. No, I'm serious. No, but serious. Like, how does it start to end? Like what are some highlights of the end? Not the last words. Sorry. I'm like, how did it end? He is like I said, goodbye. Well, She was unhealthy mentally. And I started to realize that after about a month and a half and Yeah, but I mean, you're still, you were still fucking her, correct?


Well, she gave great head, dude. Like, Ah, what About that vagina though? It gripped like no other man. It what? It gripped like no other. It gripped like no other. Okay. So you're saying that homeless vagina is better than a vagina that has a home? No. Oh, okay. But that one gripped like no other. That one Was good. Okay. So some highlights of the end of that relationship. She told me that she cheated on me when we were living in the car with a guy who had a house. And that Wow. Pissed me off. Oh, see, that's why I do the interview portion of the Show. We never would've found that out.


That has to be the worst. Yeah. Most people never even fathom anything like that. Most people in a relationship are like, man, I hope my significant other doesn't cheat on me. But to not have a home at all. And for her to tell you that she cheated on you with a person that sleeps in a bed. Yeah. I mean, And I remember the night too. 'cause I had parked under the bridge on sixth Street and I was waiting for her all night. Jesus pissed. Wow. Sorry. Oh, Too real. No, this is incredible. No, this is great. Oh my God. This is amazing. It got Better, dude. Like I'm fine now. Are you fine?


I Don't know. Fucking reading his diary Right now. This is insane. ANTONIO BROWN is smoking some amazing to help him cope with your life. Tyler Wayne, just so that he can even listen to you. He is smoking some of the stay anchored.com marijuana in which he is either the, I believe the owner of the company or an official sponsored person are. Is this helping you deal with his life? Yeah. He said he had me go when he said a homeless designer vagina.


Damn. This is The Best, the Charm of this man. He just locked Eman home was a vagina. Vagina. And I was like, yes. Fucking yes. Whatever you said ab I'm fucking in. Absolutely, Antonio, I had, I, I pretty much imagined that you can have sex with anything in the world that you would ever want. I mean, one of the greatest football players of all time. You're covered in absolute bling bling, as I used to say when I was a little bit younger. And so what is the, what is like the lowest you've ever gone? Can I ask you that? With a win, with a piece of pussy. Now I'm not expecting pure homelessness.


I know for sure you never parked your car, waiting for the girl to come home to the car. I know you've never hit the low lows of Tyler Wayne. Hey, however, I'm wondering, is there a maybe a time in your life in which you are just like, you know what? I just wanna bust a nut Right now and I want to human to help me with it. What's the lowest you've ever gone? Slightly above jerking off, but below your normal quality. What's the lowest you've ever gone, Antonio? Others go low. I go high. Perfect answer, anchor. That's a great way to avoid any lawsuits or anything like that.


That's exactly what a democratic candidate for president would've said. Perfect. Should I give him this fucking thing? I mean, I've never seen this before. Where did this come from? Oh, this is one of your finger thing. I'm not gonna give away this fucking No, I can't give away. This is like Colt's livelihood. Colt literally does the fucking skateboard with his fingers. Shit. I'm not gonna take your one K. Do you have another one? You have another KILL TONY skateboard. Guess what my friend? You are the first ever recipient of a KILL TONY Skateboard. Tyler Wayne. Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. Yeah.


He need a new pillow. Yeah. Fucking right. There he goes. Tyler Wayne. Thank you guys. He's still up here. He is looking for a place to sleep on this stage. Wow. Amazing. A cook at the creek in the cave. Anything can happen here. There's the lovely Heidi. The boys are drinking tonight. Antonio Brown with white Russians. Is that what that is? Hell yeah. What are you drinking, Tommy? Eh? It's just whiskey. Just whiskey. Straight up on the rocks. I love it. We're having a jungle Fever. What was that? I'm having a jungle fever. You're having jungle fever black man with a white Russian.


I get it. That makes perfect sense.


Hey y'all. This podcast is indeed sponsored by BLUECHEW. Guys have better sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets for better sex. And starting now, BLUECHEW is offering a combo so strong it'll knock your socks off and your neighbor's socks off. You'll have to move towns with the amount of noise you'll be making with that mighty chew B in your pants. BLUECHEW Max has arrived and it combines the active ingredients of Viagra and Cialis into one chewable. This combo acts fast. And last guys, be ready when she needs it or he needs it. And get your first month of BLUECHEW free. Great sex is a few clicks away, so sign up at BLUECHEW dot com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and you'll be approved. And once you are, you'll receive your prescription. Within days BLUECHEW tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. Red Band Tony, I love BLUECHEW. They provide, they're providing the best ed treatment out there. BLUECHEW won't stop until every man is bricked up like a brick house. That is the mission you could be missing out on some of the best sex of your life, Tony. Wow. Making life easier by getting harder. And do it yourself. Discover the options of BLUECHEW dot com and we've got a special deal. For our listeners, try your first month of BLUECHEW free. When you use promo code Tony, just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code Tony. Visit BLUECHEW dot com for more details and important safety information. And we thank BLUECHEW for sponsoring the podcast. Oh, you're popping a little bony Right now.


Oh, hello. I didn't see you there. This podcast is sponsored by Nick. You've heard us talking about nicked because they've taken nicotine pouches to the next level. Heck, they're the only pouches we use these days. My favorite flavor. You guessed it. Citrus Ice nicked is a step above any other pouches because they use the best ingredients for a cleaner, more refined experience. They're made with natural coconut fiber instead of wood pulp for a smoother, better experience that won't hurt your gums. Plus nicked pouches come in different strengths to help you hit the sweet spot. 12, six and three milligrams With a range of refreshing mint bold fruit and unflavored options. There's always something to keep you satisfied. And nicked will have a zero milligram option available this month so you can dial in the perfect experience to suit your needs. So whether you're trying to kick chewing tobacco, traditional smoking products or vape nicked flavors, hit just right Red ba Tony nicked rules. Period. I love that. Nicked cans come with this. Built-in disposable lid for used pouches, meaning no litter and no masks. Wow. Unbelievable. It's time to upgrade to nick nicotine pouches just like we did Right now. Our listeners get 35% off when you order through our exclusive URL ny katie pouches.com/tony. And you can use this code up to three times. Don't wait it 35% off now at ny NYKD pouches.com/tony. That's nicked pouches.com/tony. Nick products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Your next bucket poll goes by the name of Dylan Jarbo. Everybody. Dylan Jarbo. We're having fun here tonight. Here we go. I just found out high blood sugar. Doctor asked me what I've been eating. I said a lot of blood, a lot of sugar. You know, as an ice squad, that'd be really sweet to go to prom with my grandma. But it wasn't, she went home with somebody else. I think water bottles are getting too big. It's like you go to the gym, you see a girl, she just has like a scuba tank with a straw in it.


You get climb it to drink out of it. I like to do this thing. I'll go to the gym with like a gallon jug and I just fill it full of white claws. I, all the ladies are like, wow, good for him. I'm like, you wanna see how much I can pinch press? Do you take fish oils? Can I have a cigarette? I did a dry January this year. 31 days. No crying. Thank you so much. Dylan Jarbo getting laps throughout the set. Welcome back, Dylan. You've been on this show before? Yes, sir. Good to be back here.


Yes, absolutely. How long you been on standup? I just hit nine years. Wow. Nine years. Incredible. Where have you been doing it? For nine years. I did five years in Jacksonville and I moved out here four years ago. You moved out outta here four years ago. Okay. What do you do for work? I have a IT job. Work from home. Okay. You work from home? Yeah. Boring. Yeah. How many hours a day do you work from home? Technically eight. But really like two. Yeah. Okay. And how do you, how do you, how do what do you, I mean, there must be a lot of spare time. So what the hell are you doing with your life other than Staying up comedy?


Other than during work or other than comedy In life? Overall life. The other 22 fucking hours of the day I foster dogs. Wow. Yeah. Take care of animals. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. I just, I put put 'em in an apartment until someone finds one and then, Oh, you have an apartment. What? A huge upgrade from the other people that have been on the show so far. The Homeless? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And you live by yourself? I do. Yeah. And how are you able to afford that just with your IT job? Just With my it job. It, it gets by enough. Okay. You do it. And how many dogs do you foster? Have you fostered? One. Oh wow.


What an amazing foster dog. I should singular. Yeah. It's Did you eat it? No. You're fucking nuts. Did not eat it. No, it was a, it was a puppy, so it was, it was like Black Friday. It was gone in seconds. So you got a dog? Yeah. I, I adopted, I helped with a dog. Aw. And then Byebye. It was gone. You didn't see it Anymore. You gave it away. You kind of have to. Yeah, I wasn't gonna keep it. How Long did you have it For? A day. Wow. And out of all the things that you could have answered about your entire life, I specifically made a point to say the other 22 hours of the day, what do you do with your life? It's, I fostered a dog. Yeah. It was actually a dog. One dog. Who was one Day, one puppy.


One One day. One dog, one little puppy. So I guess everybody here is a fucking dog foster. You could be you. Wow. Anything else about your entire life? Dylan? Jarbo. I mean, anything at all. Do you, have you ever seen the show before, Dylan? I know you've been on it, but have you ever watched it? No. I love, I'm a big basketball guy. I'm undefeated in horse. That's another one. Really? I like to walk. Yeah. Wow. Are you undefeated? I'm doing up. Wow. This is incredible. He played one day ever. He had a dog for a day and he played horse one time. It Was twice. Two games, two and o Wow.


This Is a shocking interview. Yeah. Thank you, Dylan. So what scares you? Oh, dogs. Hell no. Wasps. Wasps. Yeah. Fuck. I can't deal with the wasps. How often do you see wasps? Oh, at least once a week. There's just one wasp floating around in my apartment. Like a white Anglo-Saxon process? Yeah. He's pissed at me. I fucked around this wasp. He, he's around. Have you ever been stung by a wasp? No.


Thank God. No. Why are you so afraid of them? Why are you so traumatized by a, a thing that's never even affected you? I just could see my future and I'm, I don't want that. It's gonna hurt. These people that work from home are losing their goddamn minds. I don't know if anybody else is. I could No future. It ain't this dude. What? Yeah. Yeah. You seem like you would have a weird porn fetish. Like what, what is your porn category when you search for it? That's a good question. You are on it. There's a lot of spare time on that computer. You definitely don't have a girlfriend with that school shooter face. I mean, you look like you have dirty thoughts.


I agree with red band. You have a, a fetish like mine. Tell the truth. Spill the beans. What are you into with porn? A lot of solo stuff. Wow. That makes sense. You live a very lonely life. It's relatable to you and your life being solo so often. Oh yes. Yeah. I could see why you would be into solo stuff you think? What do you like to watch them do? Solo talk. Masturbate. You don't like penetration? Is It the wasp thing you Don't like? No, there's no wasps in it. I mean, it's strictly maybe a dildo for getting crazy.


Wow. Yeah. Wow. So you guys were on the opposite. I'm pretty vanilla On the horn. Oh, you're pretty vanilla. All right, dude, you are a fucking, you are the root, you are vanilla extract my friend. I mean, I have been trying for the last five fucking minutes to get anything out of you whatsoever. We got one day you fostered a dog. Yeah. And you literally shot a basketball for what comes out to about 12 minutes. He's blinked twice. I feel like he fostered a dog and the dog was like, mom, can you come pick me up too? This dude's out of his fucking mind. You think you might smarty Girls finger themselves all day long.


I'm fucking hungry. Walk me. I got a shit. Said the dog. You don't have a wild side at all's Nothing. Like, something like every once in a while you do something. Stop Staring at me, dude. I'm not looking at Tony. He's talking. Yeah, I know. I'm looking at you. Well control your fucking eyeballs. This is insane. Gimme your helmet. Dude. This boy is insane. I'd rather be homeless. Oh man. I'm sorry, Tom. No, you're good.


I love it. I love it. What kind of car do you drive? Ford. Focus. Oh my God. Checks out. Jesus checks out. Fucking Christ, man. A hundred percent. You might be one of the scariest people we've ever Had. Please don't look at him in the eyes. Don't, don't look at him in the eyes. What color is the Ford Focus? Is it white? It's black. Whoa, look at that. What an amazing twist. I can't believe that. That's like shocking to me. Speaking of Black focus, ANTONIO BROWN.


Have you ever seen anybody quite this boring before? Is this like, this is like, you're used to this. Like, this would be like the guy that like irons the jerseys and hangs them up for you guys or something like that. Right? Everybody's like kind of special needs everyone on the team's Nice to him. Right? Something like that. Who does this remind you of? Have you ever been around a specimen? This fucking Yeah. He's like the ball boy. Like, oh man. Well, Dylan, next time you come on.


Yeah. You know, think about what, oh, I got you. The podcast part of the show I got, you know what I mean? The, the millions of people watching and listening. Think about that part. I got the 60 seconds. You have a pretty good grasp on. Yeah. You already have a little joke book. No, you have a big one. Yeah. Like four Years ago. Well, you know what, I'm gonna give you a little one. Let's go just based on Wow. That's what happens when you sit at home all day watching people fucking walk me finger themselves. Absolutely incredible. Dylan, thank you. Get some Fresh Air pal. Go to a park or something. You get your joke book. Get your joke book. This guy has no idea how to be in society. A joke. There he goes, Dylan Jarbo. This guy has no idea. He can't catch a bug.


It went over his shoulder. He just stood there while it just floated by him. Oh, Heidi brings life back to the show. Like a one of those resuscitator things that you have to zap. Clear. Clear. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket poll. We know him. Funny man. This is the long awaited return of Ike Rafferty. Everybody. Ike Rafferty. Here we go. Tyler Perry just got the rights to remake Schindler's List. Yeah, the original was in black and white. This one's just gonna be in black.


They're gonna go with the tagline you thought ashy elbows was bad. And instead of one movie, it's a whole Madea franchise Diary of Ari Matti, black Nazi, the Mammy in the Striped Moo. Madea Big Fat Holocaust. Sorry. Heller Cost. I know you ain't putting me in the back of this train car.


Hell yeah. Ike Rafferty an unbelievable premise. Thank you, Tony. If that movie came out, I would love to see it. Unbelievable glasses. Thank you. Thank you. Ike. You know what? I think you're the best performer of the night so far. Flattery will get you everywhere. That's right. Flattering and flattering. Oh, amazing. I called into that one. Amazing. Is that really true? Tyler Perry didn't get Schindler's List. It's a great premise. Yeah. Google it after the show. Yeah. No, it's not. Okay. There you go. I'm sorry. I just leave you. Okay. I love apologies on the show. It's always good.


Amazing. Ike, how's comedy been treating you? It's been good. I, I moved outta my car. Wow. This is an extra homeless episode of KILL TONY Tonight. Oh no. I moved Out of my car, Right? Yes. Okay. How long were you in your car for? It was about a year. Tony. What kind of car was it? A Chevy Spark. Tony. Wow. A Chevy Spark. The cars and the, the living situations. Tonight's bucket polls. ANTONIO BROWN literally has more value on any finger or wrist than every bucket poll combined. This is absolutely incredible. Yes. That's something. Yes.


Amazing. So now what is your living situation? I, I'm living in a full-blown house with my wife. Let's go. Thank you. Let's go. Nice. You had a W wife and a Chevy Spark? I did. Yeah. She wasn't living here at the time. I moved here before her, and then she came afterwards. Oh, that's great. Yeah. Wow. Congratulations. What does she do for a living? She works in hr. Okay. What, how do you make your money? I work at Red Band's Comedy Club. Whoa. Red Band's Comedy Club. I'm a server at the Sunset Strip. Hell you Absolutely. How many people work for you that sleep in their cars? Red band. One less now.


Yeah, one less. Wow. And Ty, take us through your writing process of that Tyler Perry Schindler's List joke. Did you think about perhaps adding in the fact that they put 8 million chickens in the ovens? Hmm. I would, I think that number is debatable, Tony. I would, that's, It would be the best part of the joke. If Michael didn't do that stupid drum hit thing afterwards, it would've, it would've eventually gained momentum in the room. I know these things. I study everything I, you kinda look like you're losing your mind before you add facial hair. A little bit of color to you is living under a roof, affecting you in a negative way.


Perhaps you don't quite have the spark that you used to have. I'm getting considerably less sun these days. Yeah. Inside a lot. Not seeing the, the daylight. This is the most I've been outside of my house. This is pretty exciting. Yeah. Still know daylight though. Wow. What's something crazy we should know about you, Ike, that you've never told us before? Oh, wow. Does anybody tell the bucket pools what the show is before they come out here? I mean, this is absolutely incredible. This Is call her daddy. Right? What do we, Okay.


Okie dokie. So How about that answer to the question from a minute ago? I was hit a lot as a child. Not enough. Is that true? It wa I feel like I'm looking at my stepdad again. You, I you make me miss New York, dude. Because You look like a pizza maker. You know what I mean? You look like the guy at like two 30 in the morning when you're blacked out with your friends and you go, what do you want? What do you want, pal? Huh? What do you want, pepperoni? How many, how many? Come on, come on, come on, come on. How many That's you. There's flower dusted all over your fucking fat man jeans.


You wearing white shoes because you wanna protect the black ones. It's a racial thing. I support you. I wish you the best with you and your wife, Papa. Thank You. You are welcome. Wow. This was very cathartic. See? Nice. Have rest. You, you are an interesting psychological case. It does seem like things have slowed up a bit with you. Kind of just like in your, are you like tired today? No. Are you on, are you, are you on medicine perhaps of some No, I'm unmedicated.


I've actually been going through Adderall withdrawals, so that might be, Oh. So who would've guessed that? That the thing that gives you energy and pep you were on before. Yes. And now you are not. Wow. It almost seems like that's the exact answer that I was looking for this entire time. Holy shit. That's incredible. I had no idea you were on Adderall. Normally fat people aren't on Adderall. This is the whole thing. So when did you stop taking Adderall Back in December. There was a shortage. And so you're, you went cold Turkey. Cold Turkey, and you also and ham and Yes, exactly.


Is it really true? Did that you are, it's really true that you were beaten as a kid. I was, yes. Wow. That is so interesting to me. Are you still in communication with your parents at all? With the, with the beaters? Not with the beater, no. Okay. No. But you think it affected you perhaps in life in some way? Probably psychologically, yeah. Okay. This is perfect because we have a very special guest here tonight at the comedy mothership. And here to give a little psycho analysis. I, I was hoping I was going to get an opportunity to use him tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, joining us, just for a quick popin, make some noise for one of the most brilliant minds in the world.


This is the one and only Jordan Peterson. Everybody. Here we go. Wow. Live in the Flesh. One of the great, brilliant, beautiful minds. The great and powerful Jordan Peterson. Jordan. Sweet Little, like sweet little like is going through Adderall withdrawals. He was in there. Yes. Oh, you have interesting. We have What do you, can you, can you, can you, can you help this guy? Can you tell him something or, or ask him some questions?


Or what would you do to make him feel better through this process? What would you ask him or say or do or some advice for him or something Like that? Oh, I'd, I'd get him off the stage and away from You mean bastards right away? Yeah. He signed up for it. Jordan signed up for it. I've been watching all of you, eh? Yeah. And he's sanner than any of you for, and he's a lot saner than most of you. So just a, just a casual observation to him. I love it. I'm happy to be here. With that said, you are a genius. Do you have any advice for someone that is going through Adderall withdrawals or something like that?


Or, There's almost nothing that 40 ounces of rye won't fix. That's beautiful. I love that. Hell yeah. I didn't realize you were Italian. Jordan Peterson. That is the answer to a lot of, a lot of questions. Yeah. Well, uncon, what's Homer Simpson say? Alcohol. The cause of and solution to all of life's problems. Yeah. I Love it. I I never would've guessed that Jordan Peterson would be quoting Homer Simpson up here. Only in the KILL TONY Universe. Do you see something like that? Look at Me. Sandwiching between these two dudes. It's fucking nuts.


It's Neapolitan. That's what's going on here. Neapolitan Mikes weren't gonna work out. Look at me now. We got chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla. Who doesn't love a little, We clearly share a fashion sense. Let's Go. Absolutely. ANTONIO BROWN iced out Chocolate swirl. He talks like he tweets. I'm so, like Starr. It's unbelievable. I fucking love it. I'd I'd also congratulate our comedian here for his bravery or his Yes. Or his masochism. Yes. I'm not sure which.


Yes. Might be a fetish, but it might be humor. Yeah. Yeah. It is risky business. It is. It is. Russian roulette here on KILL TONY. You never know what kind of mood we're all in the panel. The set and then the interview. You know, it's always a different episode. It's always a different vibe. I mean, who would've guessed that we'd have ANTONIO BROWN and Jordan Peterson on any of the same show ever in the history of all of entertainment? This is two absolute opposite sides of the spectrum. I'm happy to be hosting here.


Jordan Peterson is the founder of the Peterson Academy. So for anybody out there, just know that you can go to peterson academy.com. And it recently went from 5 99 a year to 3 99 a year. This true Jordan. Yeah. Well, you all could be a lot better than you are. So that's a cheap way to start. And effective too. I want that on a t-shirt, Peterson Academy. You all can be a lot better than you are. Let's make some merch. Get it@petersonacademy.com. 5 99 or now it's 3 99 a year. Make your life better. Be a better human. Make some noise with the great and powerful Jordan Peterson. Ladies and gentlemen, buddy, Good to see you all. Hey, good to See you, man.


Ike, you already have a big joke book. I do. There you go. Zeit Rafferty, everybody. We're having fun here tonight.


Thanks to apartments.com for sponsoring this week's podcast. Finding the one can feel impossible and in today's world, it's even harder. False profiles, inaccurate pictures, incompatibilities, ghosting on dates. Is this sounding familiar to you guys? But if you're ready to make your move to a new place, it doesn't have to feel like dating. All it takes is a simple search on apartments.com to find your perfect match. Whether you're looking for a three bedroom condo downtown, a two bedroom duplex, and a quiet neighborhood, a cozy studio in a walkable city, or even a single family home in a cul-de-sac, you can find a place that checks all the right boxes. So whichever stage of life you are in, settle down in your perfect home by using apartments.com. No more swiping or awkward first dates. Make it easier to get a place that gets you. Visit apartments.com. The place to find a place. Thanks apartments.com for sponsoring this week's podcast.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by Voodoo Ranger Mini Rippers. Hey, red Band, guess what? The best beer on the market just got a whole lot better. My dude, Voodoo Ranger Mini Rippers are mini cans of, they're cans of extremely drinkable juice force IPA or Tropic Force IPA. These mini cans deliver a quick, impactful hit at 9.5% alcohol and are great for moderation, storage, portability, and convenience. Don't believe me. Then let me throw it over to the KILL TONY. Resident beer expert. Tony, I love Voodoo Ranger mini rippers. You gotta try them. If you like your beer staying cool down to the last sip. Plus the mini sides makes them perfect for a pocket beer. It's a 12 out of 10 for me, Tony. Wow. Your pockets are loaded with Voodoo Ranger and big potatoes. That's right. Red band from here on out. It's mini Can full throttle because Voodoo Ranger mini rippers are the new Go two Bev to start your night with a bang. These mini cans are fun, portable, and pack a hell of a punch. There's nothing worse than drinking a humongous beer and feeling like you ate a loaf of bread. Right? Who likes eating a loaf of bread? Who find them nearby at Voodoo Ranger dot com. Do it Right now. Fill your pockets with a Voodoo Ranger dot com.


It's time for another Golden Ticket winner. Ladies and gentlemen, your next comedian won his, he is the newest Golden Ticket winner in the history of the show. This is only his third ever appearance. I love this fucking guy. I'm so excited to see another minute from the one and only the brand newest golden Ticket winner. This is K Yasuda. Hey guys, good. I don't like when people in North America say, Hey yo, respect.


You know, instead of saying bye. 'cause in Japan we take respect to a whole nother level. You know, like for example, I'm 28 years old. Make some noise if you're younger than 28 years old. Nice. So you guys mean nothing to me. Look at, oh, in Japan we ask ages all the time. 'cause we have to decide what kind of relationship we're gonna have going forward.


Like, are you gonna be my daddy or are you gonna be my bitch? That's why that, that's why, you know, 'cause in North America it's not good to ask ages. So that's why I have no choice. But guess people's ages by how they look. And that's why I respect so many white people. Because You guys, you guys age like a banana in hot summer. Thank you very much. Thank you K. With a brand new minute, 30 seconds.


I love it. Welcome pack nce. Thank you very much, Don. I Love your style. An unbelievably soft, crisp delivery. Thank you. Yes. One of my favorite interviewees in the history of the show, you and Hans Kim, the Asian staples of the show, I don't know what it is with Asian people. They are the best people to interview in the history of the show. Why do you think that is? Because, I don't know. I'm a I, I am a good person to have a conversation with.


Because? Because I am, I have a good parents and zen. Absolutely. That makes perfect sense. Kta, so you live in Toronto, Canada, correct? Yes. And you mostly hang out at a ramen place? Yes. Where your girlfriend works, is that correct? Every day. Every Day he sits at the Ramen place and you eat Ramen.


That is Correct. And you hang out with your girlfriend who's a waitress there. Yes. You don't work at the Ramen place, but you are probably a very popular patron there. Yes. Every day. Did we shout out the Ramen place, the name of it? Last time you were on? Oh No, not yet. Not yet. And and do you think it'll help business there? Yes. Yes. Do you want to help business there? Yes. What's the name of the ramen place in Toronto, Canada. Tondo Ramen. Wow. Okay. Do it again. Since you pointed so aggressively at the camera. Can we do a thing where like you zoom in real hard or something like that. Can we do a thing? Do it. Don't you know where The camera was, dude?


Yeah. It's a, I didn't Know you were over there. It's a fucking ninja. He knows where everything in the room is Right now. Chaps are Focus dude. Yeah, Laser Focus. These chaps. Yeah, He He's got eyes on everybody. Yeah. When he is not on stage, he wears a helmet from crash out buckets.com. Okay, let's do it one more time. Yes. The Ramen place and our great, great camera woman slash extremely amazing producer. Christie is going to do some kind of special zoom in hopefully on this. So I ask you again, what is the name of the ramen place? Tondo Lemon Tondo Ramen.


Dude, it's like that cooking. So I hope we can do so. Please Don't. I hope we do some cool trickery there and make that part extra special. Tondo Ramen. Has it been in business a while? 10 years. Wow. It just hit the 10 year anniversary, I think. How do you spell it? T-O-N-D-O. Yep. That's what I would've guessed. You red band's the only person in the world that would have a problem finding that it, I actually go go up to the number one. Is It called Ku Hinman Tan ramen?


Is It? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Ah yes. That would be a whole different place. Yes. Why don't I, Why don't I ask you again and you do the point thing and you say the actual name. It's called Jojo's Cheese, steaks and Ramen. Yeah, You'll find it. This is, it's over there. So what is the name of this ramen place in Toronto, Canada? Kudo Ramen. Wait, wait, wait. We still have the wrong place we think. 'cause this one that we found that's popular on Yelp is called Ku Hinman Tondo ramen Hin.


Here look, what's the, what's the address though? Gimme the address. Is it on College Street? Yes, yes. Yes. Okay. So again, you have no idea the ramen place that you sit at every single fucking day. Your Girlfriend better be hot as far. She better be so hot. Yeah, she better be so hot that you have to let it sit and blow on it for 10 minutes. Fucking before you can eat it. A pizza hot Tanto. Ah. Again. Again. Pussy grip. So stressful. So stressful. Again.


He's gonna break out with her and this place is gonna explode. Okay, let's try it again. Okay. Again, it's Ku Ramen. Are you ready? Yes sir. And I ask you Yes sir. My good friend. Yes sir. Cane? Yes. What is the name of this ramen place in Toronto Ramen. Wow. Absolutely incredible. And now let's read some fucking Yelp reviews. This is one of my favorite things to do. It's a new segment on this show. We go straight to the one stars and we start there.


You can learn a lot about a restaurant by going directly to the one star reviews every study. And here, Please, Please, No, this place is gonna be packed. We've done this before. There was a guy in San Diego, what was it like a, it was a, it was a, it was a hookah bar. A hookah and restaurant. And literally the guy's like, Tony, you changed our fucking lives. They're literally making like a million dollars a month. There's a pizza place now with a KILL TONY Pizza in New York or something like that. Well, that's a whole different fucking thing that has nothing to do with what we're talking about. No, it's a young, okay. Alright, here we go. Dude. If you did a Port OID review for only Asian restaurants, that would be so fucking funny.


Oh, it's amazing. This is just only Asian. Oh, well we do 'em all. We do 'em all. We're we're equal opportunity here. Cut a lot of, a lot of, I thought that was gonna be fucking interesting. Now your girlfriend, first Japanese. You understand? Alright, sorry to, Okay. Now your girlfriend works as a waitress. She does the whole place. There's a patio there too, right? There's Patio There too. And she works. She's a waitress of the whole place. Yes. Okay, here we go. Your first one star review of Hinman Tando Tando in the past. This is from Mitchell L. It says 221 likes 133 stars. It's a one star review from over four years ago.


You're not gonna be able to read it from there. Not with those eyes con say, and here we go. Tondo in the past has been all right, but quality of service with patio dining has severely deteriorated during COVI. Oh, okay. Well, that was during Covid. You know what, we'll skip that one. Thank you. One star review over six years ago from Bradley J This is the second time we've been here, and the food is pretty good. The show you is delicious, but the late night service isn't the greatest. And there was a karaoke party, three question marks on a Friday night, two question marks in the back, three question marks.


It was like an awful, awful private concert that literally no one wanted. I hope they had a real great birthday, but the volume could have been turned down by about 100%. No one near, no one needs to hear a grown man singing Fergie. That's literally the whole review. Do, do they do sometimes do karaoke in the back? Yeah. I, I, I enjoy it. I Karaoke in a Japanese restaurant's just fucking dessert dude.


Probably end every night. All right. They do love karaoke. Do you do karaoke? Sometimes? Yeah. What is your go-to karaoke song? It's in, it's in Japanese. Okay. Can you give a, do us do a little acapella, Acapella. Give them the right lighting. Keno. This is K Wow.


Gerald w left a review. He's considered an elite Yelp reviewer. He has a special red banner next to his name. I went to Little Italy for a street festival. I walked by this Tando ramen place. They were selling yako soba on the yaki soba on the street for $10. I ordered one, but was surprised that the box they put it in was not filled to the top. The portion was so small Fat. The taste was pretty decent, but it was not worth it.


Also, I thought that the cook has to wear a hair net or a hat while cooking. This one wasn't, probably won't come back. Okay, go, go back to the fucking thing. Jesus Christ. Alright, here we go. Some more. One star reviews. I'm gonna find us a good one here. Five Stop. Mila N says, came here on a Saturday night with my friend. There was a line outside, but when we entered the restaurant, we got seated right away in the corner. I guess the line was for takeout. We waited about 10 minutes to be served water.


And before our order was taken, we had ordered five pieces of gza and two regular size ramen bowls. Our gza took about 10 to 15 minutes and it was good, but wish it was more crispier. We waited another 30 minutes wondering why it was taking so long. I had even noticed all the tables around us. Even the people who got seated after us, got both of their bowls of ramen before us. My friend then asked the server if our ramen was on its way. It turns out they forgot to put it in. Shortly after our two bowls came. The ramen was good. Not too salty, but the weight isn't worth it.


Go somewhere else. Unless you wanna wait an hour for a bowl of ramen. It's worth. Does that happen a lot there? I believe not. It's, it's, it's maybe sometimes, sometimes. Your girlfriend, she's Asian as well, correct? Yes. What kind of Asian is she? Half Filipino? Half Japanese. And what kind of Asian are you? Half Korean. Half Japanese. Wow. Yeah. When you guys disagree about something, what is it usually about? What do you and your girlfriend, chemistry wise? Disa disagree. It's what? One second. Disagree, disagree, disagree. Disagree.


She works at the 'cause she's Filipino, so she works a lot. So she works all day in Toronto and Raben. And then I'm like, I have no job. So, so I have to wait for her. So that's, that's hard for me. Wow. Thank you. How did it feel that hug from Tommy just then.


Warm? Hell yeah. Cane yasuda. Should we read one more? One star review. Oh, One one more. Five. Silly. After Coming back from Las Vegas, Lena d Only three years ago after coming back from Las Vegas, I was really craving for ramen. I stumbled upon this place on and found there was a vegan ramen for $23. I was stoked when I seen this on their menu. And it must be good. It was the most expensive ramen bowl on the menu. Is this true? The vegetarian one is the most expensive. I, I don't, I never eat vegetarian ramen, but maybe, no, I don't think so. Okay, Very good.


My expectations were really high. I also ordered the curry chicken cat soup for my friend to cure her hangover that day. Wow. These people are real pieces of shit. The food arrived in time and I hurried to open it to eat. I was surprised by the size of the ramen bowl. This seems to be a common thread. It was all capital letters. Tiny. So I thought the tiny bowl was stuffed with ramen and toppings. Wrong exclamation point. All capital letters. The toppings were separated from the ramen with a top lid to separate the ramen noodles from the ingredients, there were instructions to heat up the soup, then pour into the noodles and loosen the noodles up. Since they were stuck together, there was a very small portion of noodles, which made me question if this was even going to get me full for the day.


Wow. This piece of shit. Thought they were gonna get one meal for the day. This is incredible. These one star reviews are the greatest advertisements for restaurants ever. No. No. And people are like, I was, I was hung over and I just needed one meal to get me through the entire fucking day. And one star this placed in. Anyway, there were barely any toppings either. There was more soup than noodles. Yeah. Well, that would fucking make sense. Yeah. It's Robin. That would be crazy if the noodles were above the broth. Yeah. It's certainly not worth $23. It was more like a snack On top of that. My friend's curry chicken cat soup was raw.


Yes. The chicken was raw. My dog can't even eat this. I am shocked that the kitchen even allowed this kind of quality to be delivered. I was still hungry after my tiny bowl of $23 ramen and my hungover friend had to recoat our chicken. Eat. This is probably the worst order in experience I've ever had. Fortunately, we got a full refund for our entire order. What? They should reprice their menu or change the portion size to justify selling ramen at $23. I'm never eating there again. Period. It's a lie. That's a, that's a, it's a lie. It's a different lemon company attacking ton ramen. Red band's showing me a picture. He's saying it's, I I would complain about that.


That's not raw. That's just a little pink. Our senior health correspondent, Brian Redban says that it's not raw. Let's go to our senior chicken correspondent, ANTONIO BROWN. Let's see. You are the chicken specialist of the show. Would you eat this, Antonio? I mean, look at that middle there. What do you, what do, what do you think? That's A little pink, man. I fucked that. I dip, I dip all my dick in there. Balls and everything. I, I just, fuck that chick. Chick comes to me. Little pink. I fuck it. You understand?


Yes. It, yes, it, The Verdict is in ANTONIO BROWN would fuck it Canda. And without a doubt, let let us mention that. There are it, it sits at a 4.1. It is a very highly reviewed restaurant. Check out Ku Shindo Ramen on College Street in Toronto. If you live in Toronto, you'll be supporting K. Yes. Yes. The only Asian Canadian, Japanese Korean combination. It's a combination dish Dish. A 24 combination Dish. I love the K Yasuda.


There he goes. K Yasuda. Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. We're having fun here tonight. You guys having a good time. Back to the bucket. We go Ladies and gentlemen, for your next comedian goes by the name A buss. Go Jones. Everyone make some noise for buss. Go Jones. One more time for Buss. Go Jones. So that you say, if you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life. So I smoke weed every single day.


Right. Thank you. A couple claps, but hey, I do wish I would've been a coke head, to be quite honest. At least for a little bit. Because, 'cause I would've got what, like, social media calls into higher value rooms with higher value people, like for better networking skills would've done great for me. They say you can't make ahoe a housewife. Right. Maybe true. Real fucking easy to make one. A co-parent. I'll tell you that much Right now. And if you're an ab a single parent, you know, I'm not saying the mother of my first child's a hoe.


I'm just saying that she was pregnant the first night we got together and we were both in our twenties. So we were both hoes. We've been Bosco Jones. Thanks for your time. Bosco. You go by Bosco or bus scope? Bosco. Bosco bus. Okay. Bosco. So the girl that you had sex with was pregnant already? No. No. It's it's mine. It's mine. Oh, okay. Yeah, it was, but the, the timing, it was like the first or second week of us. Wow. Hooking up. So It was very fast. Yeah. We, we got in there and got it done pretty quick. Were you coming inside of her? I mean, that's how that tends to work. Yes, sir. Well, you mean like, were you finishing your entire load inside of her and then she got pregnant immediately? I got, I got Chappelle, you know what I mean? When they whisper in you ear and I just, I was young and dumb.


I don't know what that means. She, she said, she said, told me where to come. She said, come inside me. And I just, well, it happened. Okay. Yeah. All right. Why is that called being Chappelle? He had a bit about, Oh, okay. All right. So tell me where to go. Give us a little ho Your answers come with a homework assignment. This exciting bus scope. Sorry about that. Sorry about that. It's okay. You somehow, you're already the best interview of the night. So Boko, let's talk about it. How long have you been on standup? Roughly? About 10 years now. 10 fucking years. Where at exactly? Mainly Dallas. Dallas. Okay. What do you do for a living? Oh wow. There's some white trash here. East Texas.


I'm a real estate broker. Real estate broker. Really? Yes. My God. I mean, everybody here tonight, every bucket pool has fucking pizza chef energies. Meanwhile here, you, I Have a moonlight at a piece. Pizza shop. Actually, You what? A moonlight at a pizza shop every once in a while as well. Get out. Yeah. What do you mean you moonlight at a pi? Well explain exactly what that means. Basically, there's a small place in East Dallas that I used to work at when my daughter was born. And it's a small place. They need help sometimes. So I'll go in and manage for them. You manage at a pizza place? What's the name of the pizza place? S scs S Scale's Pizza. Can you spell it for us? Nice and slow.


You'd be shocked at the tech genius Red Bands typing. S-C-A-L-I-S-C-A-L-I-N-I-S-N-I-S. That's gonna, you're gonna have to go to Google or Yelp. Yeah, it's on Yelp. Dallas, SCS. S-C-A-L-I-N. Okay. We got it. And this is located on Abrams Road. Abrams Road. Okay. We got it. And you only work at nighttime? Yes. And sometimes a Monday morning shift. Okay. What do you do on the Monday morning shift? I take care of the whole fucking front of house. Do everything perfect. This is one star reviews of S'S four months ago.


You were working there four months ago, right? Yeah, absolutely. That's an easy question. I have been going to sc since the nineties. Tonight. I was verbally insulted by the female that handed me my to-go order when I called the complaint that my order was wrong. Do you know the female that maybe has an attitude there? Yeah, I know that one. I, I remember that night. What? And you've seen her like yell at people before? Oh, she's no longer with us, but yeah, she Oh, and she came in a wig. She, she was, yeah. She did. She's no longer there, but yeah, I know. Was Talking. Okay. She got fired. I don't know if she fired. Some people like fire quit there. It's a weird, it's a small place.


Here's one from Shannon. One year ago. The pizza was just, okay. But more importantly, the female was extremely rude. I felt victim to a scam online to a website identified as scs. And the manager continued to press me about the payment while I showed her the withdrawal from my bank account. Thank goodness for online banking. It says and stated that I was confused regarding payment. That was until a bar patron eating a pizza overheard the conversation help by interceding in the conversation. Thanks to her. That's not the first time. Okay. Yep. That's a lot of typing. Let's get to the final line will not return. And I will spread the news due to the condescending attitudes there.


That's plural. You know, I mean, it's Do you ever talk directly to the customers? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, yeah. Do you think you have a little bit of an attitude? Sometimes Not. I'm pretty good, actually. I, you know, I'm pretty decent. I don't get, I have a few on there, but nothing. The female was her name rj. That's R j's me, actually. Perfect. Oh, well I got one for you. Leslie L one year ago. Rude asshole manager. Rj, that is the first line of this onestar review. Let me read it again. Yeah, buddy. Rude, asshole manager.


Rj, to this 30 year customer told me I abused a fellow child, customer, a fellow child. Customer would mean that this is a child leaving a onestar review. That's crazy. Do you already know what happened here? I know exactly that night. Pretty much. Well, Let's just wait. I'm gonna read the review and then we're gonna get your response to this. Let me read that second line again. Told me I abused a fellow child. Customer I did know such thing and know her name and age. And she and her parents and I all bonded. He said servers didn't feel comfortable serving me a third glass of wine. I was so confused since I was not drunk or obnoxious.


When I went to the counter to ask him about it, my server said there was no problem whatsoever. But he accused me of abusing a customer. I was floored. I had no idea what he was talking about. The tiny kid and her parents. And I bonded when I questioned rj. You're rj. When I questioned rj because I didn't understand, he picked up the phone and called the cops or pretended to, I was so pissed that I told him to stick my leftovers up his fat ass. I did absolutely nothing wrong. But he treated me like shit. I'm furious because I was treated unfairly. RJ is an ass. Ah, So break it down for us.


Tell us what happened here, rj. Okay, so number one, it's a very small restaurant. About 20 tables. It was a Friday night, right in the front row. You got two six tops, two six tops. But there are four top and a two tops. So sometimes it's a small family and like a single lady lady was sitting there. This is like a rich East Dallas neighborhood. Professional drunks. So like, people are sauce 24 7. So sometimes, you know, sometimes you don't. She was two glasses in deep. My server came over who was a, basically a teenager, a little bit 18. And she's like, I don't feel comfortable, blah, blah, blah. You need to go cut her off. I went to cut her off. And at the end of the day, she was meowing with the kids. She was, no, she said she was meowing at the children.


Like A cat. Like a cat. What's wrong with that? Well, okay, red man. No, keep, keep going. Stick with it. Stay in the pocket here. Notice in the, the, the use of the word bonded twice in the, she was a very creepy old lady. She was creeping out the fore top. She was almost, she was definitely hammered. And I asked her to leave multiple times after explaining things before I picked up the phone and act like I was gonna call the cops. You did a pretend phone call to the police. Fuck. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't wrong. And what do you say on these pretend phone calls? Can you, can we, can we get it? It was a white woman. Like, as soon as I did it, she basically just fled. Like she Right, She got, She She knew she was drunk.


She knew, she knew she wasn't, she wasn't sober. Antonio, what do you think about this situation? Very. This is absolutely hilarious. Yes, I agree completely. So let me ask you this. Bosco? Yes, sir. Sir, why, why do you go by RJ and your secret pizza job in Bosco in comedy? So Boco is not my real name. RJ is my name. I, I actual name's Richard. I go by, I've gone by RJ all my life. Boco. I started for comedy just because I'm in real estate. So when people Googled my name, they wouldn't find dick jokes and memes and I would have a chance to get their business.


Do you think a lot of successful real estate agents moonlight at pizza joints? Well, I'm not your average successful real estate agent at the end of the day. And Right now a lot of real estate agents ain't doing shit, number one, but no, no, not at all. Honestly. I took the job with half of the fantasy that they'll sell the place to me. 'cause it needs to be sold, bro. You got a uni brown mayo on your shirt? Do have mayonnaise on your shirt? Stain your shirt. You trying to my bad. Shout out your real estate crew. Oh, I'm not. Yeah, I'm, we're good. We'll be all right. I'm a discount realtor. I, I, I charge 1% so I don't have to put on a suit and act like I care.


You know what I mean? Guko, tell us more about your real life. Give us a fun fact about you before I get you outta here. That we will find unbelievably interesting. The nickname comes from a guy who died from being struck by lightning. See? Bosco? Yes. Is someone that you knew? No, he, yes. He named me Bosco when we were in eighth grade. Okay. And he was, he got killed by the lightning. Yes. When did that happen In I was in ninth grade. So about Two years later. So he named you Bosco and then a year later he got struck by lightning and was killed. Yes sir. Yeah. Wouldn't that be bad to go by the name that the guy's struck by Lightning?


Nah, it was, it is all in good fun. Now we're 20 years on. It's, It's all in good fun instead. Yeah. Yeah. It's more of an homage to him giving me the name as a nickname. Like the last name Jones was his last name. So Bosco Jones. Oh boy. Bus. There he is. Bus usco. Okay, Bosco. Here's a little joke book. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Whoa. This is a not a lot of, it's a very interesting episode. Not a lot of book catches here tonight. Okay.


All right.


Eczema isn't always obvious, but it's real. And so is the relief from EB Gliss. After an initial dosing phase of 16 weeks, about four in 10 people taking EB GLIs achieved its relief and clear or almost clear skin. And most of those people maintain skin that's still more clear at one year with monthly dosing. GLS Lebrikizumab, L-B-K-Z-A 250 milligram per two milliliter injection is a prescription medicine used to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 88 pounds or 40 kilograms with moderate to severe eczema. Also called atopic dermatitis. That is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin or topicals. Or who cannot use topical therapies. Gls can be used with or without topical corticosteroids don't use. If you're allergic to epli, allergic reactions can occur. That can be severe. Eye problems can occur. Tell your doctor if you have new or worsening eye problems. You should not receive a live vaccine when treated with epli. Before starting epli, tell your doctor if you have a parasitic infection, searching For real relief. Ask your doctor about GLS and visit gls.lilly.com or call one 800 Lilly Rx or 1-800-545-FIVE 9 7 9.


Member week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, outdoor and home essentials and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online now through May 14th, not a rewards member. Join for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty program subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


Next bucket pool goes by the name One word. Name. It is just one word. Makes some noise. Ladies and gentlemen, for your next comedian, he goes by the well. Here he comes, everybody his name is Will everyone. His name is Will. What's up guys? So there's this video I know a lot of people have seen. It's of this primitive African tribe trying PTO for the first time. And it's like, it's crazy. Like they're trying to like open the bottle with their teeth, you know, eventually they cut it open with machete, they drink the soda and it like completely changes their life.


Their eyes just light up, you know, like they're just completely change people from before they drink the soda and after like they give something to their elders, like, oh, please try this soda. This is amazing. You know, and I'm just like thinking to myself while I'm watching this video, like, this is incredible. I just, I hope they don't let 'em try the grape flavor. 'cause that's going to turn that village upside down. Yes. We no longer heard the goat's animal. We grow a yellow five crop now. Yes, we worship the God of high fructose corn syrup. That shit is good, my nigga. It's like, whoa. Wait a second. Where'd you guys hear that word from? Is, is that a side effect of the soda?


What is the, what was that? Oh, all right. Appreciate it guys. All right. Will, one word name. How long you been doing standup will? Two months. Very good. Two months. That's a great answer. A lot of the people that did just as good as you have been doing it 10 years or more here tonight. So we're happy to hear that you've only been doing it two months. Where you from? From here? From Austin? Yeah, From Austin. Born and raised. Yes. Absolutely. Yes. How old are you? 34. 34. What made you wanna start standup comedy two months ago? I hang a, I hang out with a lot of comedians, so it was just kind of a smooth transition for me to just kind of like go into Why do you, how did you end up hanging out with so many comedians?


Drug dealer? Oh, oh, I retired. Never, never touched A stone anyway. Well, how did you end up hanging out with so many comedians? Drug dealer? No, I, I think just hanging out in Austin a lot. I mean, I've met a lot of guys from this scene for sure. You know, I don't like to name drop, I don't don't like that type of shit, so, but yeah, I know quite a few people. Okay. So, you know, yeah, it's, it was cool for me to do and it was easy. I've been writing for a long time, so getting on stage was just something I kind of wanted to try next. Okay. What do you do for a living? I work kind of like a, a stagehand job at the Moody Center.


Just like putting together like concerts and stuff like that. Lighting, audio, video. It's pretty cool. Get to meet a lot of people and stuff like that. So I met My, I just made eye contact with ANTONIO BROWN and I can't not laugh while I just noticed That, I just realized I thought it was a, yeah, I just, under the Civil War helmet, I did not notice ab How dare you. That is not a Civil War helmet. That is a crash out bucket. I'm smack Right now. Maybe He's an anxiety release dude, I'm hammered. Hell yeah. It is true. A little fun back is, I have seen only in the past, I don't know what he's been doing all day. I knew he, I know he flew in today for this.


I have literally seen him drink about 12 white Russians since he arrived an hour ago. This is Absolute, it's gearing up. Incredible. He's eaten joint and eat Bailey. I'm turned up. Yeah, Absolutely. We like it. We like you're you're gonna need that helmet later. KILL TONY. Hell yeah. We're living, we're living the dream buddy. We are living the dream. Will, what, what are you into? What are some hobbies of yours? I'm pretty tall, so basketball. I know. I look like a, yeah. Yeah. Okay. NBA two. Craig created player right here, obviously.


Like, yeah. Okay. That, that was fun for a while. But now like two months in, I'm trying to like do comedy, so that's obviously what I do most of nowadays. But you play basketball in real life, Real life? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. In college I played for a little bit, so. Okay. Where'd you go to college? I got like a half ride scholarship in California. So I was there Half ride. Yeah. No, they didn't believe in me for a full ride scholarship. So like, we'll pay halfway and if you do all right then we'll see how it goes, you know, so they ga they took a gamble on me, you know. Okay. It was fun. You have a girlfriend Will. I don't. I don't. No. When's the last time you had a girlfriend?


It's been a while. It's been a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. Why? Why do you, why? What's up with that? Looking for love in all the wrong places, guys. You got no bitches. Antonio is asking you, do you have no bitches? I need the, oh bitch, I need the Pearl Harbor helmet and then I think I'll probably land something. You need A crash out bucket. That's What I'm missing. That's ap. I Knew it. Something that's, That's a's condom dude. That's the swag. Yeah. Lemme put put a, put a condom on real quick. I need my protection. What Do you mean you pregnant?


I take your break. What was that Antonio? I believe in God, not in Trojans. That's right. That is yet another T-shirt. We are just merch makers here today. Get your, I believe in God not in Trojans. Go to his Twitter at AB 84 and the links will lead you there. He is an absolute merch machine. A branding genius. I believe in God, not Trojans. Antonio, I really don't know. I'm genuinely curious. Do you, do you have kids? I do. Okay. Dare I ask how many you have?


Does do we? Seven kids. Seven kids. Okay. How many baby mamas Football team starting Is Will shut the fuck Up? Mama's Babies. Mama's babies. Four. Four different baby mama's babies. Yeah. Okay, that's perfect. That's actually throw that p Hail Mary wide open. Absolutely. And X route Y corduroy Panther 26 blitz CRE on three on three. Blew with the egg. Yeah. Blew with the egg Flag on the play.


Cream pieing be a 15 yard penalty. I love it. Will. So when's the last time you had sex with a woman? Maybe even, maybe even, maybe even just a half ride. Didn't have to be a full ride. Maybe just a half ride. Last time I got a full ride was definitely before I started doing comedy. Once I started hopping in two months. So probably like two months. I'll say like two, but for sure. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And how did that go for you?


I think I touched, I think I got a touchdown for sure. I think I got, Okay. Do a lot of girls little Push. Push. Do a lot of girls flirt with you? Joke? Okay, we got it. We got it. Tommy, you don't, sorry. You don't have to explain. There I go. That was good. Oh, I would say That's funny. Yeah. Then I started talking and then it fucking ruins it. Yeah. So you know, You get nervous around girls. Not too much to be honest. Not too much. It's just I end up saying some crazy shit and then it's Like, it's interesting. I would think that you would do really well with women since you look like all the members of the Black Eyed Peas combined.


But then here it is, it turns out he opens his mouth and gets you in trouble. Well, will any other fun facts about you that we should know about before letting you go? Oh. Oh, I have to go with the I hear that fucking noise. Oh. Oh. Electro made three. Oh, Skinny black fat ink. Getting up from a recliner. Fog facts about me, about man, where do I begin For your half ride will be your last ride.


That's fair. I'm gonna have to go with my granddad just died. He was like 93 and he had like a 40-year-old girlfriend when he died. So RIP grandpa. Hell Yeah. How did he die? He was, he just got old age, just kind of, it was about that time, so, yeah. No, he was killing it though. Shout out. He was killing it. You ever think about banging his ex-girlfriend? You ever think about throwing on a crash out bucket helmet and just fucking, Yeah. So, you know, I, I didn't, you know, honestly, it's like, hey look, from, from a football helmet to a fucking Civil War reenactment helmet.


My guy is still, Hey, the CTA, you know, you still hold it down My guy. Ct ESPN. Shout out the will. That's right. Shout out the will. Here you go. A lot of people haven't been catching these joke books tonight. I expect you for many reasons to be able to catch this. Are you ready? It was a short throw. We got it. There he goes. Ladies and gentlemen will appreciate it. Everybody there goes Will. Alright, let's do one more bucket pool before we get to him and then we'll keep it going. Ladies and gentlemen. Another bucket Pool. Nate. Alright. That's literally just did nothing there.


That was, that was nothing. She lifted it up and sat it back down. It's incredible. Yet we love her. We love Heidi America loves Heidi. Everyone loves Heidi. Make some noise. Fear. Next bucket Poll It is Nate Ret everyone. Nate Ret. Hey. Hey. I'm from Oklahoma, which is just here, but worse. Not good. Very, very religious state, but somehow we also legalized weed a few years back.


Yeah. Only state that I've ever seen a dispensary advertised with Bible verses. I remember there was this one ad on the radio. I'll, I'll recreate it for you guys. It started out it was like, aha. Lord, you are the most high. Mm I Amen. Buy won't get one free at Jeed dies burning bush all week long. Can't spell salvation without sativa. Spelling joke. Sometimes when I say that I'm from Oklahoma, I'll get these people making really racist jokes towards Native Americans at me.


They're like, Oklahoma, what'd you learn in high school? Bert Talls. Gambling. Ah, Hardy. RR Boom. All the way to the limits. Nate Lauret with his KILL. TONY Debut. Welcome Nate. Wow. Big bird call audience. We got here tonight. Hi Nate. How old are you? 25. 25. How long you been doing standup? Two coming up on three years. Three years. All of it in Oklahoma or do you live here now? Oh, I've been here for like a year.


And then I started in Wisconsin. I've never done standup in Oklahoma. You Went to college in Wisconsin? No, I went to college in Kansas. Okay. Started in Oklahoma, went to college in Kansas. What took you to Wisconsin? It was like my first job outta college. And What was that? I did medical software. Bullshit. Okay. What do you do now? I do DoorDash on a bike. Wow, mama. We made it. Yeah. Dreams. Don't let your dreams be dreams. Hell yeah. What kind of money are you making weekly? On DoorDash?


Yeah. You know, like a hundred bucks. Sometimes like 400. And then I'll just get really high and be like, nah, I'm gonna give myself the day off. I, That makes sense. I earned it. Yeah. I hate it when I order food and it turns out that it's on a bicycle. You see that little bicycle icon pull up and you realize that you hit the unlucky lottery, that your, your food is gonna be cold. I've spilled so many coffees. Yeah. Yeah. Don't ever order coffee from a bike guy.


Well, we don't get to choose. I really wish you have no idea if you double The tip. It's not like, oh, this guy's got a Corvette. Like he's gonna get there really fast. No. No. Okay. We wish that there was a part of the app where you could shut off the possibility of bicycles. Do you ever order DoorDash? No. What a horrible, no, it's, I don't, I honestly, every day that I get an order, I'm like another sucker every minute. It's a what? A horrible business thing. I wanna pay 40 bucks for medium fry in the Sprite at McDonald's.


Wow. Okay. What are you gonna do for work now? Motorcycle. Yes. Bike. DoorDash. I love it. What do you do for fun? You're a 25-year-old. You're young. And Sprite. We've had a lot of beat up older people on this show today. We had, we had bus go on. Who's, who's a, who's a 1% real estate agent that moonlights and a pizza joint. You seem like you have all your life ahead of you. Like a young Eminem type of character here. You seem like you're young and Sprite, like you have a lot on your mind. Fully operational. You're, you're not outta Adderall like some other bucket pools tonight. You're fully operational. No Dude.


Nah. Stone cold sober. Okay. Except for all the weed I just did. Whoa. You Oklahoma Rebel. Alright. The anchor, my friend. I wish we could just have Antonio Brown, like, perhaps like every episode, just like in your own like section up there, just smoking blunts, drinking white Russians and jumping in anytime you want. Just know you're always welcome here ANTONIO BROWN. I love it. I love it. This guy's unbelievable. That's so good.


They say never, never, they say never meet your heroes from Twitter. But ANTONIO BROWN is the absolute fucking man. So tell us, tell us more about you. You're 25. Tell us about what's going on in the life of a 25-year-old. This one time I refereed a midget wrestling match. That was pretty cool. Good day. How do you get a gig like that? It was just like on the website. Like tickets, $10, $200. You get to be in there with them. Oh My God. And you took two weeks of DoorDash pay and you're like, I'm fucking in Two weeks is pretty generous.


Yeah, It was, it was an investment. I financed it. Klarna, shout out Great reference. I believe that is the first Klarna reference in the history of KILL TONY. Amazing. Amazing. I fucking get it, dude. Making payments. Are you still making payments on your midget wrestling referee? Nah. All paid up on that one? Hell yeah. I financed the bike though, actually. Like I did do that one and I I got that paid off like last month. Fuck yeah. Nate, The people are loving this.


People are loving the unbelievable payment process of Nate Loret. Tell us one more fun fact about you. Anything else? Crazy. What do your parents like? You seem like a, like a, like a like a something. That's a good way of putting it. Yeah. My mom, she's a speech therapist and all I've ever gotten out of that was that she told me when I was young, she thought that I might be autistic. And so I'm wondering like, oh, if she didn't do that, would I, would I just be like, nonverbal? This is an autistic thing to say.


You haven't looked at us in the eyes at all. Or now you're, I'm bad At she's looking at the camera the whole time. I'm try. Well, that's the way the more people are keep in the restaurant the fucking promote. Yeah. Can you say Tando ramen to that camera? Tondo Ramen. What's crazy is he had no idea that Ken say Yasuda. He was not in the room. He has no idea that he pointed at that camera every time yet. Meanwhile, I don't think you can say Tondo ramen without pointing exactly at a camera. That is, we're figuring something out here today. This is incredible. Nate, what are, what's your big goal here? You're, you're a couple months in, you're in, or I mean, you're three years into comedy.


You're, you've been here for a year. Hmm. You're, you're, you're, you're door dashing. Yeah. I'm, what's a goal? I'm making it happen. What's a goal of yours? I don't know. I mean, kinda having fun for now. Perfect. If I like didn't have to do DoorDash on a bike, that'd be sick. So like, once we can make like 20 more bucks a month. I, I think I'm there. Okie dokie. This, these goals brought to you by marijuana. Everybody. Alright, well congratulations Nate. You're getting a big joke book.


Hey, Go There he goes. Nate. T everybody there goes Nate. Everyone there he goes. Go ahead Nate. There he goes. Alright.


Hey there Travelers Kaylee Cuco here. Sorry to interrupt your music. Great artist BT Dubs. But wouldn't you rather be there to hear it live With Priceline, you can get out of your dreams and into your dream concert. They've got millions of travel deals to get you to that festival, gig, rave, sound bath or sonic experience you've been dreaming of. Download the Priceline app today and you can save up to 60% off hotels and up to 50% off lights. So don't just dream about that trip. Book it with Priceline. Go to your Happy price price line.


The new Mc Krispy strip is here. Dip approved by ketchup. Tiny barbecue, honey mustard, honey mustard, Sprite, McFlurry, big Mac sauce, double dipped in Buffalo and ranch. More ranch and creamy chili Mc Krispy strip dip now at McDonald's. Bottom


Ladies and gentlemen, your next comedian is without a doubt, one of the greatest regulars in the history of the show. He is here he is live in the Flesh. This is the Estonian assassin. Ari Matti Yoyo. Happy Easter. I love how religious Americans are on God. Estonia is one of the most atheist countries in the world.


You ask an Estonian, do you believe in a higher power? We're like, I don't even believe in myself. Dude, you tell us there's an afterlife. We're like, fuck, there's more. Can I just fucking Die? I went on a date with like a religious girl here. She's Catholic. And then after the day we go to her place and she's like, don't worry, we can still do anal. I love how religious chicks treat their asshole like an offshore account in The Bahamas.


It's outside the jurisdiction. I love how she thinks she's gonna get to the pearly gates. God is gonna be like, what the fuck? And she's like, ah, you never said it. And God's gotta be like, ah, get in here your slut. Thank you so much. Thank you guys. Boom. Another minute 30. Brand new for Ari Matti. We've missed you Ari, you were in Estonia for a while now you're back. I went to see my kingdom.


That is right. You are the king of Estonia. A fun fact. KILL TONY. I believe. Touch number one in America for a quick bit. We had a, we had a, on Netflix, we had a, well, they, we had a, a very, very interesting time of our release. It came amongst the third most watched episode of Raw wwe e Raw of the Year as they led up to WrestleMania. There was a new season of Black Mirror, a new season of, and the new season of the Love on the spectrum. Love. It was, it was a very amazing week to come out. We touched one for a second. We were number one in Canada for a couple few days and we were number one of all places in Eston.


I think we're still number one in Estonia. You're Still number one baby. It is unbelievable. You are Tony. You come to Estonia, you can do a fucking 160 seater. Yeah, it really, You can sell out. It really seems like it. What is the population of Estonia? Ballpark? It's like 1.4 million. But let's be honest, you know, there's a lot of filth out there, you know? Okay. It's like 60,000 actual online people. I mean, there's a lot of people in America too. But you mean How many of the people in Estonia look at or act at all?


Like ANTONIO BROWN here Did, did, I'd love to see you walk around with that helmet in Estonia. They're like, who the fuck is attacking us now? Holy shit. Jesus Christ. These guys explosive. We had a women there. Red band has literally taken the time to look up the black population of Estonia. And Google's first sentence is, the black population in Estonia is small, comprising a fraction of the total population according to a 2011 census.


414 people or 0.03, one 5% had at least hold on, had, oh, at least one parent that is African. Which means that's even your mixed kids and everything. 414. I Want to clarify. That was in 2011, right? We got 'em out. Black dick. Happy birthday. Hitler. What do you, what do you think about this place?


ANTONIO BROWN, the the, the country of Estonia. What do you think about them only having 414 that includes mixed people? Does this sound like a fun place for you to visit? Are you interested at all in visiting Estonia? Yeah. I wanna check it out. You're gonna fuck every woman there. What fuck we wanna fuck. Hell yeah. He's, I think he can single handedly change the percentage of African Americans, of African Estonians. I hate to keep Looking at you.


I Antonio you, you are drinking white Russians. Yes, yes, yes, Yes. You ever have a white Russian with titty milk? Titty milk. Yeah. You know, when the baby's born, You know, they put 'em on the titties, You know, you know that cord can come out too. And malnutrition. There's a lot to digest there. You said titty milk. He said when the babies are born, that's what they drink. Like perhaps that's a fun fact that we've never heard of before. Right. To the titties. Have you had a white Russian with titty Melgar Maddy?


Yes. Really? Tell us about this. How does, I was partying on a boat with Russians and then they want to, we were making white Russians. We only had the liquor ran out of the milk and then one of the bitches were lactating. Me, me, Me, me, me, me. Meow. Wow. Click, click, click, Click. Fresh. How was it? Was it good? I gotta say titty milk is fucking deluge, dude. Have you ever drank titty milk before? ANTONIO BROWN. A lot of fruit. It's called colossal Now. That what's crazy is I was making fun of you before for, not for, for stating something that was obvious. And now look at you. Now you're like the doctor of titty milk.


You were like a solve solveign all. Wow. Wow. Well, it's another episode of ANTONIO BROWN sipping titty milk. The master of titty milk. Antonio Brown. I love it. Have you ever thought about having a white Russian with chocolate milk? Having a black Russian Black? I've never seen a black Russian. No. No one has. And no one neither A black Estonian either.


Ari Matti, you are the fucking man. We love you. You a real life rockstar. Live in the Flesh. The man, the myth, the legend. Ari Matti everybody. And we move on to our next and second to last bucket Pool. Make some noise for Mike. Love Mike. Love everyone. Well, you know, some people are addicted to porn. Yeah, it's true. I'm addicted to Tinder. You know, it's like I always swipe right for everybody. 'cause it's a numbers game. Kind of like Russian roulette. Well, if they're Russian, I swipe left 'cause I don't fuck white bitches.


But no, seriously though, like I have bad luck dating. Don't know why. So like when I, every time I'm on Tinder, I send the same message. Right? Like, hey, my name is Mike Love. I like long walks in the beach. I like to go dancing. Ultimately I'm looking for someone to kick it with. I thought it was a good message. One girl responded, you're an asshole, you're not funny. I'm like, what did I say? Then I found out she was in a wheelchair. Let's, from that back long walks dancing. Someone I could kick it with. Yeah. Good thing I didn't tell her I wasn't to stand up, you know? But no, seriously, I asked recently, just seen that she was like dating somebody.


And the funny thing is right, he's beating on her, but she's rolled with the punches. All right, y'all. Thank you. Yeah, Mike. Love. So how'd that go? Did, was that real? Any of that real? I, I'm really addicted to Tender, man. Yeah. But no, not, not a chicken, a wheelchair. I did date a blind girl once. Ooh, tell us more about that. She had four kids. She couldn't tell who the dad was. Oh wow. That was kind of funny. That should Be, do you talk about that in your standup? Every once in a While. Every once a, especially the kids, they're bad as shit. Her youngest son. Right.


He always just like knocks it over, break shit. And then I run away and he's like, don't say shit. You know? He's like, what was that? You know? I actually stole her tv, but she wasn't watching it. She wasn't even watching it. You know what I'm saying? I don't even think she knows. Wonder why we don't trust him, dude. Yeah, Man. Wow. Yeah. What made you steal her tv? No. See what happened was right. My Now wait, wait, wait, wait. What had happened was, see what happened was Right now here, I didn't really steal it. Right. 'cause like see I, I got a new tv. Right. I took her TV and put it in the box and then returned it and yeah, I'm a piece of shit.


Wow. So you ordered the same TV that she Had? Yeah. This was nice. I'm like, you know, she ain't watching it. And then, then I got mine, but mine was broken and I'm like, all right, well me take hers. And it returned to broken. It was, it made sense to me in the moment, but now I'm like, yeah. Wow. Mike, how long you been doing standup? Since the Pandemic. It's about going on five years. Okay. And what do you do for work? Only fans? No, seriously. I have a content creation company called 1 4 3 Media and I am also a consultant for at and t Sierra. Consultant for at t.


Yeah. That was a long way to get there. I was Just trying to plug my shit we know about. Yeah, just at and t. Okay. Yeah. Alright. And this content creation, what exactly are you doing? All right. So I meet up with small businesses and I find like other comedians or people that have high viewers and I match 'em together. Kinda like, you know, like Hinge for like businesses and social media content creators and like make sure they get paid and then they help them get more. Alright, clientele. Mike, where are you from? I am from Rochester, New York, but I'm currently living in San Antonio. You live in San Antonio? San Antonio Right now, yeah. Just Did you move to San Antonio? Man, just comedy. I wanted to be close to here, but I'm also a military veteran and there's a lot of bases in San Antonio. Oh, nice.


So it just kind of made sense. Okay. What did you do in the military? Oh man. I was in the Air Force and yeah, I was only there a few months, so, so like, Hell yeah. What did you do in the Air Force? Just identify aircraft. You flew aircraft? No. Identified. Identify, Identify, identify. Identify. Like, oh, plane. That's a plane. Yeah, Absolutely. I see him. Yeah, That's it. Another one. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. Right. Identified there. Friend or foe. Worked with Bradley Miss or worked with Bradley Tanks. Used Stinger missiles and knock down foes and shit like that.


But I never really did it. Only in a simulator. How many people you killed? I don't wanna talk about that, bro. ANTONIO BROWN with a great Question. Before, before or after to Gun Maverick. Yeah. How many people have you killed Mike? Love. I can't talk about that man. 'cause after the military I went to prisons. So suck. Yeah. Oh no. Oh. Oh. All right. Stereotypes. The black guy went to jail. Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about that. What did you go to jail for? I can't talk about that. 'cause a lot of my employers don't know. But Fraud. Okay. Yeah. What the hell he No, the guy that stole the Blind Ladies television.


Yeah. Get him a crash out bucket. Yeah, man, A lot of you can't tell. But D Madness has been muttering angry things back here ever since he found out that this guy stole a blind woman's television. Oh shit. Yeah. That's funny. Yeah, he's fucking pissed. He just took his earpiece out. He's never even done that before. So he's basically senseless Right now. Well, you know, It's not like he's gonna see me later on and do something about it. Whoa. D what do you d What do you wanna, what do you wanna, I'm Only five foot three and I'm white. D what do you think about this piece of shit? Stealing blind women's televisions.


D Madness. Well, I have A brand new cane. I hope I don't have to like use it Later. Oh shit. Blessed. Alright. It's like blindfolded pinata. Okay. Deep surgical with that shit. Okay. Deep madness would fuck you up, Mike. Love. I don't know why, but I believe him. Yes. Nah, I got no love for the disabled community or handy capable. Wow. But you Don't, you stole her television. No. See I was doing her a favor. She wasn't watching it. He is digging himself a deeper hole. Oh Yeah.


Alright, Mike, love. What's a redeeming quality about you that'll make Everyone like you a redeeming quality about me. I am an active father of three kids. Wow. They love me sometimes. What else? What else, what else? I actually work for a charity. What charity? It's Called a Parker Project. Okay. This sounds like a made up scam. No, no, No. You know what, I'm not even gonna talk about that one to be like, no, don't say that. We're not associated with you. Okay. What is the, what is it? What is this? The Parker Project. Oh, Parker Project actually helps the families with kids with cancer, helps raise money for the taking care of the household. Things like This mortgage does not sound real. No, it's, it's, it's legit. It's legit. It's legit.


It is legit. It's legit. But all Here's a little joke book. Mike. Love everybody Just gonna steal. Steal. There he goes. Congratulations Mike. Love. You'll forever be remembered as the guy that stole a blind woman's television from charities also. Yeah. Fake charity. We're gonna look up Parker Project and read. Its one star reviews here in a second. Alright. We realized that we have not had a female comedian pulled out of the bucket all night tonight. So I pulled until I found one. This looks like a very fun name. Make some noise for Andrew from Russia. Everybody. Andrew from Russia. Oh, Okie dokie. All right. Looks like I fucked up.


It's okay. I guess it's Andre spelled with a Y. One more time. Andre, perhaps from Russia. Okay. I'm not gay, but I do yoga sometimes because back home in Russia you need to explain these kind of hobbies. It's very homophobic place. You know, you wash your hands twice a day. Gay. You cut your hair twice a year.


Gay. You went to Thailand and rented lady boy for two weeks. Well, package was cheaper. Okay. And cheaper than a real woman too. Congratulations guys. America is great again. You feel it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No genders, no immigrants, no abortions. Feels like mother Russia, I think. I think you guys can change the name from USA to USSA. That's it for me. Thank you.


Wow. Andre from Russia. Yep. You're really from Russia, huh? Yes. How long have you lived in America? Six weeks now. Okay. So how old are you? 33 this summer. 33, okay. Very good. And so you live in Russia full time. You're just visiting for a while? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm visiting. I actually live in Asia for last eight years. Where? Where? In Asia First when I left, I lived in China, then Indonesia and last couple years it's all over the place. Thailand, Malaysia, Whatever. Thailand. Yeah. I could tell when you said all over the place that it's Thailand. No doubt about it. You're having a good time over there. Yep. Yep.


'cause from behind it's all the same. You don't see. That's right. Speaking of white Russians, let's check in with 14 deep here. ANTONIO BROWN. Have you ever been to Russia, Antonio? I never been to Russia. There is nothing you can say that isn't hilarious. You're in Russia Right now, dude. You fucking gone Boy. Okay. Right to the movie the, That's exactly what I was gonna say.


Did someone Take me home? What do you do for work? I do a bit of crypto and a bit of affiliate marketing. Okay. Crypto and affiliate. Marla, of Course. What's the second part? Affiliate marketing. It is like you sell links, whatever, and you get commissions. Another scam artist. This is great. Absolutely incredible. Homeless people And scam artists. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We get well with black people, so You do. Yeah. Is that true? Yeah. Yeah. Have you've seen someone where you're from like an, that looks like Antonio Brown. We have A whole university with a program and But they're not African American. They're like African African.


What? Wait, hold on a second. Hold on. What do you mean there's a whole university. What exactly are they teaching these people. You got a program. He called it A program. That's insane. He called it a program. It's 2025. You're in America. You can't be calling it programs. I, I'm learning. Okay. Okay. So what goes on at this program? So, so the university has the highest amount of black people there. And it's called Russian University of International Friendship. Of International Friendship.


Yeah. Holy shit. Wow. Yeah. Wow. And where is this? Where is that? In Moscow? Yeah, That's in Moscow. Of course, they wouldn't survive anywhere else. Right. That is just, he's just being honest there. Yeah, Just being honest. Do you, have you ever been to this university or driven by it or seen it? Do you know anything about it? Do people go around there? What's it like? It's Just tell the truth. Okay. It's a lot of not stylish black people.


It's What do you mean by that? What do, what do you mean by not stylish? Think you're stylish. Okay. For, for me it's Russian. There are black people on television. They're stylish And there are black people from university. They're not, Yeah. When you say they're not, you mean they're just wearing like normal clothes? Like flannels? No, No chains. No chains. This mother the fuck, are you gonna take that? Are you gonna take that Ap? That is one of very Russian, Russian popular rapper. His name is no chains. I, I meant golden chains guys.


I, I didn't even think about any other, no. Hey, no, No one else was thinking about that either, by the way. You just had your own little breakthrough. I would not even thinking about slavery. Sorry. Sorry. You Need a crash out bucket. He does need a crash out bucket. But for now you're gonna settle for a big joke book. Congratulations. There he goes. We're moving along. Thank you guys. We're flying. We're flying through it. There you go. Andre, from Russia, I found what has to be our real first female comedian of the night and your final bucket. Poll of the night. Make some noise.


60 seconds uninterrupted for anime. Anime maid. What's up y'all? My name's Anna and I live in a van. Some people ask me what van life is like and I just tell 'em. It's a lot to unpack. Yes. Some people are mad at me for living in a van and I'm like, that's crazy. 'cause I'm a nomad. I'm nomad at you for living in a house. And some people think I'm a hippie 'cause I live in a van and I'm kind of a hippie because I don't shave my armpits. I was free bleeding at a Planet Fitness this week. And I use essential oils for everything from insect repellent to chlamydia.


But I'm a bad hippie. I'm not really a hippie 'cause I drive a diesel. I love a good steak and I have my license to carry, but I only got it to prove to the cops in my hometown that I wasn't mentally ill. Pew got him, but dating's hard on the road. 'cause every time I invite a guy over, it feels like an abduction. And I'm not really into kidnap role play. And that's all I got for you guys. That's exactly 60 seconds from anime. Alright. Okay. Alright. How long you been doing standup anime? About six years. Six years. Where at exactly?


All over the country. Well, you do live in a band. That makes sense. Yeah. You Are. I'm I'm a nationally touring comedian. Of course. Course. I gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. How do you make money? What exactly do you do to make money? I'm an artist, so I sell art and candles and I've done a lot of different things on the road for money. Like what? Woo. What is something you've done for Money on the Road? This is a very, could be, I know I a compelling part of this Show. I know I sometimes present as a truck Stop hooker, but I'm not one of those. I I work for a contracted app. It's like called Win Nolo. So I've cleaned hotels.


I've, yeah. What do you mean the hotel? You've heard Hotel? Yeah. What is that? We don't know what that is. It's, it's a you, it's a, it's an app where you can pick up work wherever you are and it's like, yeah, it's like you And call call, Yeah. Wear warehouse jobs. Oh, so it's like just road jobs. Nothing steady. No, nothing. Nothing actually prostitute? No. I just hustle. I just hustle full. You hustle? Yeah. Okay. What are, what's your least favorite job you've ever done off of the, that app? The hotel cleaning one. The extended extended stay. Americas cleaning those. They're rough. Oh Yeah. They are rough. Yeah, they're really rough. That is not a job for white people.


We're, we are not built for that. Anybody groaning? You clearly haven't stayed at an extended stay. America it's a special, special type of place. Sometimes they let you stay there if you work there and I'm like, I'm all set. I'll stay in the van. Yeah, yeah, Exactly. It is crazy. There's been a couple times where, yeah, you're out there on the road and there's not much else doing the small clubs on the suburbs. Anna, what's the craziest thing that's ever happened? Living in a band? Give us a real gritty and, and The craziest, the craziest thing. I've never gotten a knock on my van before, but I got a knock on my van in a Walmart parking lot after I masturbated in the parking lot.


And I was like, it was like 2:00 PM too. It was like, I wasn't even like parking overnight or anything and the Walmart parking lot security was like, you've been here for too long. And I was like, what do you mean? I've been here for too long. I've been here for 20 minutes. 'cause that's how long the porno I watched was You were watching a porno in the van. I thought If you park close enough to Walmart, you get the wifi. Oh my goodness. Hold On, hold on. Wow. You jerk. You fucking, you jerked off for 20 minutes. Yes. That's That's insane. Yeah, that is, that's the craziest part of everything you said. Yeah. Beaten off for 20 minutes is ridiculous. Was that just you Scroll the thumbnails? 30 seconds. 30 Seconds In and out. I, it's, it had been a while so I wanted to take my time Candles and Not in the van.


There's propane in there and shit. You can't have candles. There's Propane leaking. You saw high as shit dilin for 20. It wasn't the only thing that was leaking straight Minutes in a parking lot. Sticky the one, the security came up. Dude, that's insane. You know, you're fucking nuts, right? So Yeah. Yes. Not because of all the other shit. Jerking off for 20 minutes is fucking nuts. I'm sorry. Happy birthday. What kind of porn were you watching in the Walmart parking lot? Don't Worry about it. What? It's okay. It doesn't matter. I don't remember. What kind of porn do you like to watch? Well, Does it look, does every thumbnail look like ANTONIO BROWN?


So It do, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Okay. I don't wanna, I I don't, I I I know you are. I don't wanna pressure you. I don't wanna pressure you 'cause Lord knows you are looking for a lawsuit. So Anna Anime, anything else interesting about your life before I let you go? Well, I was just gonna say that I was upset that the parking lot security knocked on my fan window.


And so I went into the, I went into the Walmart 'cause he was like, you didn't even go shopping. And I was like, I'm gonna go shopping Right now. And I walked in there and I bought water and cigarettes 'cause that's what you buy after you come. And I took it a step further 'cause I was real pissed. I was like, I was honoring my fucking divine feminine energy and shit. And I got harassed by this parking lot, security and I went to customer service and I was like, your parking lot security is harassing, paying customers. And then I was like, I'm never gonna come here again. Boom. There you go. Anime. Here's a little joke book. I'm gonna toss it to you. Nice. I went a little short there as to avoid hitting her with a joke book.


For those of you keeping track of my avoiding a lawsuit with Anna Mae, who literally came here to sue somebody. Sometimes people sign up just to try to sue you. Okie dokie. All right. Okay. One more time for Heidi. Everybody. Isn't she lovely? We've come to the part of the show. This is it, the grand finale. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, the man with the record for all time appearances, all time interviews, all time, everything. He is a Koni hall of famer, originally from Memphis, Tennessee.


Now he is the ambassador to Austin, the vanilla gorilla, the Memphis Strangler, the Pope of piracy, the King of conundrums, the Memphis Strangler, the big red machine. This is William Montgomery. Ladies and gentlemen. Carmelo Anthony has had quite the month of April. I mean, first he's inducted into the basketball Hall of Fame and then he travels to a high school track, meet and kills someone.


He claims self-defense, which would be the first time Carmelo Anthony attempted defense. Everybody gives Santa all the props. But what about the Easter Bunny? He has to hop, hop, hop is asked every Christian household in America, Santa's fat ass rides in a chariot eating cookies and drinking milk. Meanwhile, the bunny is a one man band and all we leave them is nothing but, oh, and by the way, Jesus died and rose from the dead. So have some respect. The, the Pope died yesterday and it's kind of weird because he died the day after JD Vance came to see him.


I, I mean it would make a lot more sense if it had been Hillary Clinton, but who had been the last one to see him alive. But JD Vance, and by the way, I heard after he died, they scheduled a meeting of the Cardinals and I had no idea the Pope had played professional baseball. Okay, that's my time, Tony. Wow. My God. You would think that the man that has done it the most would come in and just cruise by leaning on his laurels, but not at all. Boom, boom, Boom, boom. Not tonight, tonight Tony. I'm at fucking 94 miles on the row machine already this month, Tony.


Wow. 9,400 Miles. It's January, Tony. Wow. I'm going across the Atlantic this year. Wow. You will row 500 miles and you will row 500 more to be the man that rose 500 miles and rose down your door. Alright. Okay. That was incredible. Very topical. Carmelo Anthony, the Pope Easter. You covered it all. I mean you are, We're covering it dude. You, You are dialed in. Let me ask you something, William, you are one of the most interesting creatures in, not only in the history of the show, but I think in this modern era of comedy.


And you are always so entertaining to watch, interact with guests and my friend, we have a very special treat. This is ANTONIO BROWN. I know ANTONIO BROWN. It's so nice to see.


What are you smoking there? Is that a blunt? That's the anchor Cannabis. Yep. Stay anchor.com. Can I hit your blunt with you? Antonio hit The Za And also Antonio.


Tony might remember this red band might remember this, but it's so weird. White Russians were actually my favorite drink. I'm almost at four years sober here very soon. But Antonio, maybe tonight would you gimme a little sip of your drink? Yes. Taste That. Thank you. Oh don't William, Don't. William Don't, don't. Antonio. You failed the test man. It's been almost four Years sober. He can't do it. We Can't man. Holy shit. You were gonna le me Drink your white Russian, which I appreciate, but yeah, be a nightmare Antonio. It's Been almost four years, man. I was about to kill myself. He was.


William can't have a drink. Is It funny William can't have a drink without, are you getting that? Is someone, are you, please tell me you're getting that ANTONIO BROWN laugh. You have it. You you'll get it. We'll get it. You mean you will get it Williams up. You motherfucker get it. Antonio, gimme what brought The fucking test. You got it. Do that one more time. Do that little laugh for us. He Did. You get it? So let's try it. Hit it. He, oh well my 20 Of white Russian.


Antonio White. Five Five. Do you have any questions for one of the greatest wide receivers, football players of all time? William. William is a sports fanatic and the legend of the show. What, how, how'd you, how when did, how old were you when you figured out you could catch a football? Real good. I mean, That's a great question. That that is a great, because it Could be hard to catch footballs. I remember my hands were so small growing up I couldn't catch the fucking football when my dad would throw it to me. My hand. I had really small hands. Antonio. Yeah, he is famously Tiny hands. Yeah. I have these tiny little hands. I don't even like showing them to people.


Yeah. There we go. We got it. I love it. Antonio, did you always play football when you, you were in high school and grade school and everything, right? I always played football. That's right. Football, you know, football ball. Football ball football. Where do you think you get your hilarious sense of humor from Ball football. Ball Football. That is the correct answer. That is, that is straight CTE. A fun fact is that a lot of the best comedians of all time, Roseanne Barr, Sam Kinison, Richard Pryor, all had extreme brain trauma.


The little fun fact, this is an actual fact. Roseanne wasn't hilarious until she got hit by a car. Same with Sam Kinison. I do believe he was hit by a car or something crazy like that. You're in good company, Antonio. There are no coincidences here. I used to do pro wrestling. We would jump off of trampolines and literally land on my fucking head all the time. I'm, you know, a perfect example. Red band never hit his head on anything. That's why you could tell I always open the freezer right in my face sometimes. Any Antonio people, not a lot of people know this, but red band's mom and I, who's kind of elderly now we have sex with each other. What do you think about that, Antonio? He is got like this old ass mom and we fuck each other whenever I'm in Ohio.


Hey, what is that? I I got you a present. I I, oh, red band got you a present. What is that really? What is that? Open it up, William. Is It Snuffleupagus? I'm going through this weird snuffleupagus phase Right now, Tony. And this is perfect rabbi and thank you. That's adorable. Welcome. I regret telling Antonio about your mom and I. Seriously. I really do. You had to. Ga gave me a present tonight. Wow, That is, that is adorable. Snuffle up I guess from Sesame Street. Wow. Shake your mom pussy.


Antonio, would you ever be willing to travel with me up to Ohio to have sex with red pants mob? Seriously, That would be great. Like maybe that's when I start drinking again. We could maybe do a sex tape or something with this Mom. Would you be open? Maybe. That sounds like a yes to me. I'll pass on that. Normally he catches, but tonight he passes. William, what else? Oh, You don't wanna know Tony. Oh boy, that's a first. I've never gotten that response from you. Do You remember the It's the little toy.


They have little pieces. Legos? Yes. Well I have been looking on eBay and I've been finding all of my classic Lego sets that I've had and I've spent over the past, I think month, all this rowing, I've, the endorphins are flowing. I've spent over $15,000 Tony on old Lego sets. They're all unopened. And What are you gonna do with them? I kind of regret bringing it up, Tony. I don't really, No, I like this. I like it. I like it.


$15,000 in unopened Lego sets. Lego. Yes. Lego. Are you gonna play with them? Yeah, I think we're gonna open 'em up and Wow. Antonio, this is what happens, man. I come up here and I just start bombing and it's just like turns into this nightmare. Like it was fun at the beginning and now it's like I'm bombing up here Right now and I've snuffle off, I guess under my arm. I feel like I'm looking like an idiot in front of your ass. You're saying you don't want fucking fuck red band's mom with me. I can't believe you wouldn't be Willing. He won't remember any of this. Dude, you're so safe. You could tell him anything. Dude. He's wearing a military helmet. He's said 17 joints.


Let it out. Let him know what you feel. No shot. He's remembering where he was. Antonio, I love you man. Yeah, I love you bro. Serious. See, give me a hug, bro. Yeah. ANTONIO BROWN and the big red machine that is together. They are the big brown machine. Make some noise for the great William Montgomery, Ladies and gentlemen, and make some fucking noise for the great ANTONIO BROWN at AB 84. Crash out buckets.com Over it, over its party.


That's that's, is that your, what is that Antonio? What's the over its party? What did I, what did I write? That's the song. It's called Over It. Oh, over it on Spotify. That's what I scribbled here. Yeah, over it is on Spotify. Antonio has a song and go listen to it. It's on Spotify now. It's called Over It. I didn't even know you did music, but I bet it's the shit. KILL TONY. You're damn right baby. We're doing it. Living the Dream. Please follow him on Twitter, but I'm sure you already are at AB 84. I swear to God it's the funniest shit. He calls everybody gay and it is hilarious. Is that today? That's right. That's right. Cracker Awards. The Cracker Awards.


It's hilarious. We are hoping to one day win the Cracker Award for a live podcast of the year. There's really no other competition, so we're hoping we'll get it this year at the awards. We're literally fingers crossed. How about one more time for the great TOMMY POPE? Everybody. Tommy Legend Tires, season two, June 5th. Look at Dish on YouTube and stuff Island available everywhere where podcasts are available.


Thank you to Talkspace Shopify Via and Built. This was their episode, peterson academy.com. One more time for the great Jordan Peterson. Everybody.


The drawing from Ryan GE Belt is in. It is awesome. The drawing from Chris Rogers tonight is me. Well, that's a good one. Maine. Look at my eyes in that. I'd be wearing sunglasses in that too. Can we draw some sunglasses on those eyes? God, that actually, all right. I love it.


Check out the sunset strip atx.com. I love you guys. We love you guys so much. God bless America. We did it again. We'll see you next week. We love you. Good night. The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Christopher Nolan bong, June Ho, Sean Baker, they have all won the Academy Award for Best Director. What else do they have in common? They all got their start at the Slam Dance Film Festival just like us. Hi, I'm Janet Gallagher. And I'm Michael Gallagher. And we're launching the Slam Dance First Film podcast. It's a weekly interview series where we sit down with your favorite filmmakers to get a mini masterclass in the secrets to making your first feature film on The Slam Dance First film podcast. You will listen to guests like filmmaker Sean Baker, the writer and director of a Nora teach you how to make a movie for $3,000 with a two person crew. Or listen to the Russo Brothers directors of Avengers End Game teach you about how melding minds with your collaborators can create exponential success. Subscribe to the Slamdance First Gum podcast for free. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening now.