
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Rabbi. Come to live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas For a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up, Tony it. Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? Alright. Mix the right are red band everybody. And how about one more time for the best damn band in the land? Huh? Come on.


Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, Michael Gonzalez, nachos, Bel Grande Chorizo Chalupa vo ro. We got the great Matt Mulling on the Electric guitar tonight, lacking Vitamin D, speaking of D on the bass guitar. That is indeed D Madness. Ladies and gentlemen. Oh my goodness. What a show we have lined up for you guys on this beautiful Monday evening. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


All right, let's talk about how Amazon Prime makes everything better. You know the moment you're binge watching different things and you realize that Prime has more to offer than expected. Amazon Prime isn't just fast delivery, though. Let's be honest. Getting snacks are a last minute prop. Delivered the same day is a lifesaver. It's also Amazon music to vibe to, and all the things that make life more interesting. Red Band. Whether streaming a Standup special Building The perfect Playlist for the next show, or getting new gear delivered fast Prime helps make it all happen and maybe even delivers a few laughs along the way. So, whether comedy, drama, or just the perfect new joke book is the vibe, remember Prime is there for it. I do it all on Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. amazon.com/prime.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. Knowing you could be saving money for the things you really want is a great feeling. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can choose to bundle and save with a personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Hey, Lonzo Ball, it's your agent. What's up? I've got a commercial opportunity for you from Buzz Balls. Ready to go. Cocktails. Nice. My last name is Ball. The Product is a cocktail in a ball. I get It. That's what I thought too. But no, they want you for your hands. They think your big hands will show off the size of their new Blue Biggie Ball. Big blue balls really Get blue balls this season with Buzz Balls. Please. Your responsible Buzz Balls available in Spirit, wind and Malt. 15% Alco by voting Buzz Balls. LLC, Carrollton, Texas.


Here we go. You guys ready to start? Tonight's show. This is KILL TONY brought to you by Express VPN ZipRecruiter. PrizePicks and Kovas. Every single week I book two of the best guests humanly possible. What I love about this show, the Tonight, is that this is a booking of two of my favorite guests of the year. Two of my favorite guest people that came through on the clutch for me when the entire world was against me immediately after a specific event at Madison Square Garden that I did last year. I don't bring it up very often, but I'm bringing it up now because a lot of people canceled that night. A lot of people wanted to stay away, and these two comedy fucking warriors are like, let's go.


Throw me in. I'm down for you even when it's dark. I'm down to play with Tony HINCHCLIFFE and they are back here with huge projects selling out around the country. Two of my favorite comedians in the world, two of the best guests in KILL TONY history, including the first regular ever on the show. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for JAMES MCCANN and KIM CONGDON. Yes. Yes. Kim. Have a seat there. James. Come over here. Sit right here. James, come over here. There they are. Two of the best. JAMES MCCANN is back. Many people sang a front runner for Guest of the year 2025.


Yeah. There's a lot of fellow autistic men out There looking after their own. Very proud. It's great to be back. They love JAMES MCCANN. He's doing his first ever American tour. That's right. Tony. Get tickets. Why weren't doing Georgia? We're doing other places too. 11 Dates Is one of the best comedians around here at the mothership and all around the world. Part of the Shane Gillis, Philly, somehow Mafia. Even though you're from Australia, he found you. He takes you around doing arenas all around the world. Yes. It was so good to me at first. I thought at some point he's gonna try and fuck me. And he never did.


That's true. He never did. He hasn't. He's a good, he's actually a good Man. That's how I always felt about Rogan. I'm still waiting for it at some point. Yeah, I've always been waiting. I'm like one, there's gotta be a reason here. I mean, I know I'm good. I know he sees me work hard, but at any point he's just gonna grab me by my waist and do whatever he wants with me. And it never happened. Yeah. You guys are like, it can't be blow jobs forever. You son up, Kim Bitch, get your mind outta Bronx. No, no. I did not invite you here to make jokes like that. Kim. Hello. KIM CONGDON. The first ever regular in KILL TONY.


History, writing and performing a new minute every week, 12 fucking years ago, back when barely anyone was watching. And now you're a legend doing Brea and Oxnard. May 14th, May 15th. KIM CONGDON dot com. The Kim Congdon takeover. So you guys know all about the show. You guys are veterans of the game. Over 200 human innocent souls signed up for the opportunity to get pulled out of this bucket tonight. I'm gonna let this fucking little red band fucking stunt man pull the first name. This little fat boy. Hell yeah. And like that, it has begun. While they go wrangle that comedian, when I pull their name, they get 60 seconds.


You know their time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring up the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts them. And then I conduct an interview and then we all talk to them together. The whole thing's improvised. Anything can happen. Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show? Great. Your first comedian doing an uninterrupted Minute. Tonight is one of our favorite old time, good old fucking golden ticket winners. This guy, a legend used to be a fucking fraudster on the streets and now regularly doing spots with me on the road with the Killers of KILL TONY with his own things with Cam Patterson always working. It is America's favorite uncle.


Make some noise. This is a new minute from David Jolly everybody. Here we go. How y'all do it tonight? White people in Puerto Rico? Hell yeah. It is been 21 months since I had a drink. That's pretty fucking cool, right? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. I had to do it cold Turkey. 'cause I tried to do it like with the AA meetings at first, but every time I went to a AA meeting, I needed a fucking drink. Them people lies me miserable as hell, you know what I mean? Like, God damn, do it already, bitch, nobody gonna miss your ass. It got to the point where I started going to the meetings and I just spike the coffee, you know what I mean?


Get get you back to your regular self, you know? Then it got so bad. I started coming to the meetings drunk as hell. You know, I started coming to the meetings drunk and they'll kick me outta the meetings and I'm like, fuck, you can't kick me outta this AA meeting, man. I'm crying. It's a fucking cry for help right now. You know? You can't kick me outta this AA meeting. This isn't an AA meeting, it's a PTA meeting. All right. That ain't go as good as I thought it was gonna go. Right. Hey, alright. That's my time. They got Fuck. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. One of my favorite lines in all of comedy that didn't go as well as I thought it was. Yeah.


I be real, you know? I, yeah. Love it. David. That was a new minute. This is true. Huh? You've been sober for 21 months? Yeah, well it's, it's like July 12th or something. I just had to figure a number out and I ain't, can't count that well sometimes under pressure. So it's like 21, 22, some shit like that. You know what I'm saying? It was Juneteenth. It's been a boom. Nah, I was drunk as fuck on Juneteenth. Hell yeah. What is a big day of celebration for you? When do you tend to get, be happy? You know, I mean, every day I wake up and be happy, man. 'cause I'm alive, man. You know? Like I got a good fucking life, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah, You do. You feel me? Like I'm doing, I'm doing real well. But like, You used to be a real troublemaker. Do you, does that side of you ever creep up? Do you ever like get the urge to like write a fake check or anything like that? Well not see the, the way what I do now is a lot of people don't know about this, but sometimes at night, me and Joe Rogan go dress up like Batman and beat the shit outta homeless people. So Wow. Joe, Big black Man. Yeah, We just beat the You're Robin. You're Robin. But it's spelled R-O-B-I-N apostrophe. Yeah. You know, you know. How about motherfucker?


That's good. That's fucking good. Hell yeah. You're the ridler with a hard R With a hard, it's gotta be a hard R you know? It ain't right without a hard R. Absolutely. Just like a hard dick. Ain't that right, Tony? Hey. Whoa. Love both. We love both. What else is going on, David? Jolly Shit, man. I was in Portland this weekend. I was pretty fucking cool. Portland, Portland, Portland. Oh, there You Go. Y'all understand what I'm saying? That's A grocery store in this neighborhood. Yeah. No man, Portland, Oregon. That place is pretty cool. You know What's cool about it? Shit, they, I was smoking weed walking down the road and shit. Just the police walked by.


They ain't even bother me. Wow. Well, you were the first black man they had ever seen in, right? You right, you right, you right. No, they seen Cam first. That's who shows it was, you know what I'm saying? I was number two, but it was cool. I seen a crack head smoking like a crack pipe right in front of the courthouse. It was crazy because, you know, everything legal out there. Was it a mi was there a mirror in front of you? Hey, fuck you Tony. Yeah. Fuck you motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah. I love you, man. I Know. I went to Portland once and it was, it was the gayest homeless people I'd ever seen. I, I don't wanna, It wasn't a whole lot of homeless people though. It wasn't that many where I was at. Like right there by the club. Fentanyl might have cleared their outs, But Yeah, Portland's an absolute crazy fucking place.


It's terrible. Yeah. It, it wasn't that bad where I was at. I ain't really do no research, you know? I ain't really like to drive around looking for crack heads or nothing. You know. Fun fact about Portland, my agent told me this. It's a fun fact. He thought that I would find it interesting. Last week he told me that there's a theater there that's, that that books comedians, that makes still to this day mandatory that you're vaccinated for Covid if you want to get into this theater. So you could sit around a bunch of people to get sick five times a year. Yeah. Yeah. But at least you feel like you did something. I, I did That. The, the other thing they have like, what are they? The sign language lady and I did a set in Portland with a sign language lady doing my set and halfway through the set, she just crossed her arms and refused to communicate.


Yeah. What I was saying to the deaf pit. Yeah. It's very liberal there. It's very liberal. I feel like the police in Portland locked their doors when they see black people. Well, What? Hey, the show. She was there on Saturday. As soon as I got on the stage, I was like, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga. She was just doing, she was doing all kind of shit with her head. Wow. She was just, she just stopped at a point She was calling the police and sign like, yeah, Basically, basically that was going on. She Was throwing up gang signs. Incredible. Yeah. Yeah. All right David. Well way to get the show started. You did it a new 50 seconds. Hell yeah. David jolly and it has begun. Here we go. Alright, let me just say, we don't need to shake everybody's hand as we go off this.


It's good that you did it with David. You know David, but It was an opportunity to do our cool black handshake together. Let's see it now. I wanna see it. Let's do a Wow. Oh shit. Wow. Alright, David. There you go. Appreciate it. There you go. There he goes. Everybody. David, Charlie. Alright. Oh my God. You know what that sound means. The lovely Heidi has arrived. Wow. Absolutely incredible. Old car horn. Indeed. All right, your first bucket. Pool people. This is where it goes down. This is where stars are born and idiots are found.


Anything can happen. This is KILL TONY. Your first bucket bull of the night is Joseph Paul, a Lampe. Everybody. Joseph Paul Aame. Here we go. I would exterminate those bugs like I was in the party in the 1940s for room and board. Of course. That's a callback. Okay. Give, let's give it a round of applause for Mary. Everybody. Mary, Mary, Mary. Oh, hi there.


Oh my God. It it, this is a different sort of ship. Holy fuck this guy. I'm Mary. Sometimes the aliens talk to me in my sleep or when I'm awake, et cetera, et cetera. And I'm all out of fucking tin foil and Huh? I go back on the X. Where's the x? I don't know. Is the X in my head? Did I take any X? Stop taking X. 'cause I think it's like in the psychic sphere or something. My grandson, my grandson was also electrocuted. I was electrocuted. I'll break the fifth wall.


I love you, Tony. Wow. Shockingly, unbelievably. Incredibly, unbelievably, shockingly bad. I mean, just, wow. Nothing. KIM CONGDON Dude, when he came out, I swear to God, I thought it was Roseanne and she finally got dementia That He looks like the dude from that movie split. It's Adam Gay. Okay. Red band. Maybe Put that fucking mic down permanently. Lock it up. Lock it up. Alright. Okay, Russell. Okay. You know, and back To the future where Michael J. Fox plays the his parents generation.


Your kids are gonna love that. You're not ready for it yet. But that's 20 years time. I'm doing the most charitable read I can friend. I'm, I'm, I am so intrigued by how bad that was. Joseph. Paula Lampe. How long have you over here? Joseph? Look right at me. He's, how, how long have you been doing standup comedy? About a year, two years. About a year. Did you prepare anything? It seemed like that was very improvised. What do you have written down on your hand there? I love talking to you. Now. This like real guy that's like, fuck I fucked up some dude in a wig that just like fucking bombed, man. I love it. No, it's cool. It Must be crazy to bomb in Aoo.


I'm a cuckoo in Aoo. Okay, so you still had definitely had nothing prepared. I do. Like, I feel like if I put that dress in a wig on any other dude in this room, they'd be like so much funnier than you. Right. That's All right. Did You? But they didn't, Tony, he's, you know, it's like abstract art. A 4-year-old could do that, but they didn't. He's out here taking chances. That is true. That's a now very, it Was not a good One. Very, but very positive, very positive analysis of what just happened here. Yeah. But this is like one of those chances where you fuck a hooker with no condom and get a disease, you know? Okay. Alright. So let's just, Joseph, stick with me over here.


Over here, Joseph, you ready? So you've been doing it a year. Give me a joke that you prepared for tonight. Like something that you would do like that where you're like, all I have to do is say this like this and this will work. What was something that you had in your head on your hand, written? Anything? What do you got there? 'cause you didn't do any of that on your hand, did you? Oh my God. You have so much shit, cat. You have writing all over your hand and you did nothing. She said, wow. Look, there's a band. Can I read One? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let just let Joseph fucking say, what do you think the best joke that You Well, I just have stories or whatever. Like, cat piss girl. What does that mean? So, cat piss girl.


I didn't have sex. I still having sex right now. I having sex. So I didn't have sex for like two years and I moved to Tampa. And so I was up, you know, I, I was talking to this girl outside for like, like a half hour and I believe she was intoxicated. Joseph? Yeah. Keep going. Okay. Sorry. You're so desperate for a laugh that like somebody sneezing in the crowd throws you off. Like, oh, is that a laugh? You're like pausing for shit. There's nothing happening here. You have to hit something for it to be funny. So we went up to her room to fuck. She starts blowing me except the smell of ammonia made my dick go soft.


And that was it. That's and this cap. That was your GoTo of Shit. That's your fucking one year in the game. That's your number one go-to. No real fucking Wow. They fucking hard, hard. Oh, that's Paul. Oh my God. How old are you? 50. What is that? Is that not a wig? I thought that was a wig. Oh my god. It's Gary Busi. Oh my God. Wow. For all of you seven year olds listening. That's a, it's a, He looks like Bruce Willis now. I look like what? Wow. Bruce. Bruce, you, you're not really 50. You're not really 50 are you?


Huh? I'm sorry. Are you really 50? You're Not 50. Drink lots of water. Listen to your grandmother. Eat your vegetables. You've got huge full lips. That's another one. Yeah, it was made fun of for having huge lips as a kid. Okay, what's that joke? You Heard it, You said No. Is that It? You just have setups for your jokes. Do you know that you haven't finished? They just blow. They used to call me Blowjob boy. Okay. Yeah. So whoever called you blowjob boy should be the one signing up for the show. Oh my God. You see that? 'cause they're kind of funny. You're just repeating something that somebody called you once. Okay. What do you do for work?


50-year-old. I got laid off. Okay. What did you used to do? I was a security guard. I was a personal trainer. A Tai Chi instructor. I think Red red Band would benefit from me. If you want to know How, because personal trainer, that what you're implying. Nom. I would love to train red band and it'll help him out. Okay. Whatever. Jesus, Joseph. God damn. Oh God. Do you have any crazy, crazy life story? I was Electrocuted. I believe that. I definitely believe that. I browed flew right off. There you go. All. Oh yeah, he's Robocop.


He doesn't, he does look like power. Can we get a couple more references from the eighties, please? Red band. Can we get wrap? Another Gary Busey or Robocop reference? What do you got? You got? There you go. All right. There it is. There we go. He's got a lot of energy tonight. Is there any redeeming quality about you whatsoever? You did nothing funny. I like that it's kind of charactery, but you did fucking nothing. You got electrocuted once and people made fun of you. What else? Well, you don't want to hear how I got electrocuted If it's interesting. Yeah, my guess is it was a fucking accident. So I used, so I used to play outside of a deli and they, they didn't ground the ice box, the ice machine.


So I put my hand on the one pole and the other pole, and That's, It's, then I did it again. That's the story of you getting electrocuted. Oh, this is the hardest. Yeah, go ahead. Sorry. Fucking fuck me. No, it's okay. Fuck My ass Tony. No, no, no, no, no. Stick with me Joseph. Fuck Me in the ass. Stick with me, Joseph. That's better. That's better. That's a character. What about your big fucking blowjob lips? Were, did they ever make fun of your big blowjob lips? No. You have beautiful emerald. I they, that's the, see you said it there at the end. I have beautiful lips. That's it. No, I said emerald eyes. I was gonna do it as Mary, but you don't Want, okay, shut the fuck up, Joseph. Paul a lampe.


There's something in there, man. I see it, right? You can kind of see it when he gets mad. You can kind of see it. There's a, there might be a comedian inside of you. Read another, read another joke off your fucking hand. Well, I went to an all You've been doing this a year. Hurry the fuck up. Also, keep getting angry at Tony. That was great. If a tree falls in the woods doesn't make a sound, if nobody's there, if I say the N word in the word in the woods, do ninjas start to fall out of the sky because you know, whatever the fuck I was. Nothing makes any sense with you. Fucking, I gotta get you out of here, Joseph. Jesus Christ.


You know what? I don't think you get a little joke. Bug. Joseph Paul Lampe. Maybe next time sign up again. Joseph James. Seriously do not fucking fist bump. Everybody that comes out here, it's so annoying. Stop. Alright. It's fucking retarded. What are you making friends? Are you networking here tonight? It's a lonely city. It's, it's not. Another three word name coming at you. Ladies and gentlemen, another bucket poll. Clearly fucking anything can happen. Clearly, this show is not produced at all.


Hi there. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading provider of online therapy, helps you face whatever is holding you back with a carrying licensed therapist. With Talkspace, you're not alone. One in five adults in the US experience a mental health condition each year, but less than half of people who need treatment receive it. It's the Talkspace mission to help close that gap by making high quality therapy and psychiatry more convenient, fast and affordable. It's easy to get started. You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider. Typically within 48 hours. Talkspace makes getting help convenient. You can take your appointments from the comfort and privacy of your own home and exchange text, voice, or video messages with your therapist too. Talkspace makes it easy, accessible, and affordable to face your challenges, whether it's a mental health condition, relationship, conflicts, past trauma, or everyday stress, and find your path to move forward with resilience and peace. Plus, most insured members have a $0 copay. Now let my man Ray Band tell you we love Talkspace. I love Talkspace. I think therapy is amazing and can lead to some real moments of transformation. Talking out my feelings to a licensed therapist has helped me tremendously. Yes, it has. Take care of yourself this month and every month with Talkspace. Talkspace is in network with most major insurance plans. But if you pay out of pocket as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace, and you go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code space eight zero. That's S-P-A-C-E eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code space eight zero.


This podcast is sponsored by Shopify. You know the origins of this podcast for once. Just a dream. That dream turned into the podcast and business you are listening to today. Starting your own business is a dream. A lot of us share, but too many of us let it remain Just a dream. Don't hold yourself back thinking, what if I don't have the skills? What if I can't do it alone? Turn those what ifs into why nots with Shopify by your side. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e-commerce in the US from household names like Mattel and Jim Shark to brands just getting started. What if I can't design a website? Shopify's got you from the get go with beautiful, ready to go templates to match your brand style. What if I need a hand? Get help every day with tasks like enhancing product images, writing product descriptions, or generating discount codes with Shopify's AI tools created for commerce or red band. What if People haven't heard about my brand? Shopify helps you find your customers with easy to run email and social media campaigns. And what if I get stuck? Shopify's always around to share advice with their award-winning 24 7 customer support. Turn those dreams into and give them the best shot at success with Shopify. Sign up for your one dollar per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash koni. Go to Shopify dot com slash koni Shopify dot com slash koni.


Make some noise for Isaac Kane Brown. Isaac Kane Brown. I've been date dating a girl recently with a pretty big red flag. I think it's Chinese or something. I'm not too sure. I've been thinking I should be in the UFC, the way I've been fighting these gay thoughts. I think it's gonna come down to a decision.


I think the black guy's gonna win. I don't have, have you guys ever noticed that veterans and trans people are a lot alike? Like you don't have to ask them. They'll tell you about it. They have a hard time finding employment and sometimes they kill themselves, which is, which is honestly just a burden off our shoulders.


Wow. Isaac Kane Brown. Completely saging the room of Joseph Paul AE two comedians, six names in total. Isaac Kane Brown. Totally different guy. No, no wigs, no dresses, jokes. It's incredible What jokes do on this show. Yes, Sir. How long you been doing standup? Isaac Kane Brown? A Little over two years. Two years. Where at? Started in Illinois. Peoria. Okay. A lot of greats from Peoria. Richard Pryor, Sam Kenon. Yes sir. And Isaac Kane Brown. What do you do for work?


I sell Yuchi O cards. JAMES MCCANN has entered the chat. That's some kind of like, what? Can you, anybody? It's, yeah, it's a training card guy from Japan. But do you have to be in that store? No, I just, I kinda like buy 'em and then sell 'em on eBay delivery. Well, you're Like a, you're a shock. Yeah. Yeah. I overcharge the shit out of 'em. It works out great. Wow. There's a demand for that for Japanese playing cards. Yeah, kind of. Okay. All right. What do you do for fun? Honestly, I get really high and then walk through the park and get scared. That's kind of Good.


At least you're walking and being real. That makes sense. Yeah. That makes sense. It's scary. There's a lot of people, It is scary. What's, what scares you? Just the, just the idea of being seen and, Oh no, just like basic human interaction. Terrifies this shit outta me. Do people say hi to you when you're at the park? Yeah, I just walk fast when they, Hell yeah. How old are you? I'm 28. 28. Absolutely. Selling Japanese cards, doing comedy, and being scared in the park. I love it. What's your love life like? Are you really dating a girl that has red flags? I am. I have recently started dating a girl. That's been fun. Yeah, she's very Sweet. How long, how long have you been in this relationship?


Four months. Four months. What does she do? She's a dog groomer. A dog groomer? Yeah. Wow, Okay. That's very, the eye contact's freaking me the fuck out. I can't, ah shit. Somebody's acknowledging my eyes tonight. My em emerald eyes as Joseph Paul Lampe called them. Whatever the fuck that means. Have your sunglasses On. They're So blue. They are so blue. They are blue. Oh, shockingly. Strikingly blue. Yeah, dude, He is shaking like he just shot a buck. Ah, Yeah.


You think my eyes are scary now. Wait till you see me walking in the park at the, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no. Oh yeah. I'm gonna find out what park you go to. No, and I'm just gonna walk around waiting for you. Oh, I hate every second of this. Oh, this show's so crazy. What a fucking difference one bucket pool makes from the next, huh? This guy's just being honest up there saying he's scared. I don't Know what to do with my hands, dude. I'm, Nobody really does. It's, if You figure it out, you let me know. It's, yeah. Yeah. It is an interesting thing.


You can Grab the stand, you can put them behind your back. You Can, yeah. That's good. Yeah. Put 'em behind your back. Oh, that's powerful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. All right, cool. You now you, no One's rocking that one. I've been thinking about doing that. Wait, What? I'm thinking about doing all my, my jokes like this. Hey, everybody. I from Australia, blah Teacup over there. That would be crazy. This One, if you are a gay or a woman, that's an option. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I do. I'm neither of those, but yeah, keep going. Yeah. Alright. You could also hold the microphone. Oh, the two hands? Yeah, that's, yeah. No, Take it out. The microphones, We know red band. We know that they can hold the microphone. Red band. I love it. So, Isaac Kane Brown. Let me ask you, there's gotta be something when you go to the park, you just walk with your shoes on and just fucking, you just like stay on like a path.


Do you cut through? Do you go on grass? You take a horse. Sometimes you have a little horse, little miniature pony. I try to start on the trail, but then people keep walking by and I'm like, ah, fuck. They're looking at me. So I just, I walk straight through the middle of the park as fast as I can to my Uber. Wow. Yeah. Absolutely incredible. That is amazing to me. How about at nighttime? What do you do for fun at nighttime? Eat Go-Gurt. Honestly, I just try not to masturbate this. You Love masturbating. Absolutely incredible. I wanna give that one a, a fist bump.


I want to celebrate that. I wanna You Love it. Oh boy. If you get out there on the road as a standup comedian alone in those hotels. Good luck, friend. What do you like to masturbate to? Isaac Kane Brown. You're the kind of guy that looks like you, like jerking off to like memories. I really just like the videos where the women are giving like words of encouragement.


Stop. Stop. He's gonna come. You gotta, Wow. There's a lot of white people here. That's, is there one black guy here? I Can't, yes, of course there's a black guy, but there's one right there. Oh, do you guys like count 'em Hard seats because they're in the dark. Oh, oh Yeah. Oh wow. They're so close. Yes. Yes. So what kind of words of encouragement do these ladies say that you're into? Like, what's one that you've heard? I've never even seen this before.


I get good boy. That's, that's pretty, Wow. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I don't like this anymore. Oh Wow. That is hard because you, you, they're telling you you're a good boy, but you're doing a pretty dark and shameful thing. Yeah. And then you feel really good. Then You, you feel really bad. It's a you're trapped. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's very Catholic. Yeah. James McCann, our senior Catholic correspondent. This man is speaking my language. I understand. Crazy. Well, Isaac Kane Brown. Good news for you.


We're going to send you upstairs to go get seen by the talent booker of the comedy mothership at Amigo right now. And you get a big joke bug. Oh. Oh, Jesus Christ. That has to be your worst nightmare. I'd love to have you on the secret show too. And you get to do the secret show on Thursday. Yeah. You go that way. What other way would there be? It's like this way. This way. Towards where I came from. All right, so there you go. That's the two extremes of what can happen here on KILL TONY. It's basically the show's over, we just have to kill time for another hour and a half. But between those two guys, that's what the show is.


Some of it's fucking absolute hot diggity dog shit. And we talk to those people and some of them are just naturally funny. We'll see what happens next. Your next bucket pool goes by the name of Chado. Everybody Chatto. Ah, Thanks guys. I really needed that. It's been a rough week. My son, he, he came out to me as trans this week. He said, dad, I think I'd be happy if I was a woman. I said, son, I've never met a happy woman.


I almost recently died also the last couple weeks. I woke up in the hospital. My wife was next to me crying. I thought, well this is the woman who's been there for me. I finally got somebody, you know, I can, I can be there for and trust. And she's like, Chad, please don't die. I can't get Hulu on the tv. Yeah, I have these, we have a lot of animals, but I have this one little girl dog who keeps on getting out of the fence every time I put her in the backyard. And every time she does, she gets fucking pregnant. Yeah. So I've been putting a little plan B in her dog food. I used to wake up and step in dog shit and be like really mad.


Now I wake up in the middle of the night, step in something. I'm like, God, I hope that's dog shit. That's a public placenta joke. Chat out. Thank you. There you go. Welcome. Chatto. You've been on this show before? Yeah, it's been a, been a while, but yeah, I feel like there's a huge improvement since the last, last time you were on the show. Am I correct? Do you feel that? Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Huge. Have you been working hard? Oh Yeah. You know, at least five nights a week, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Five nights a week. And when's the last time you were on the show? It was September 11th, 23. Wow. That's, if I remember. You were so bad. It's one of the worst things that's ever happened on September 11th. This is proof. I remember. I remember looking at your face and body and being like, this guy's bad.


So it's just, it's just goes to show, who knows, A few years from now, Joseph, Paula Lampe could come back up here and crush. Then I'll be like, didn't you one suck up here? Wow. I appreciate you saying I crushed. That's cool man. Thank you. Okay. Alright. Chatto, how old are you? 40. I'll be 44 this year. And how long have you been on standup? Three years now. Right. And what do you do for work? I own a cannabis college. A cannabis college? Yeah. Explain to us what that is. I teach people how to work in the cannabis industry. Like, you know, good budtenders if they, which they should know to recommend for certain elements, et cetera. You Look like you would be good at that job.


Thank you. Thank you. A professor? A Professor of cannabis college. I'm a professor. Okay, sure. I bet that kills at the cannabis college. It does. Yeah. All the Students cry and some and some higher education. Am All right, everybody, come on now. Come on everybody. Come on now everybody. I love it. How do you start a cannabis college? Can anybody do that? Yeah. There's no record. Yeah. A website. Just a lot of marketing. Yeah. Yeah. The good clear website. An easy to spell, easy to know website. Nothing like the way to get tickets for James McCann USA tour in which you would've to go to JDF McCann with two ns.com.


That's his website that he was able to Two Cs as well. We're Working on it. M-C-C-A-N-N, but it's JDF, not James McCann. Not James McCann comedy. JDF. So you could just guess 10,000 times. Once again, that's JDF McCann M double CAN n.com. And then you have to click a couple things to get to the tickets. Yeah. But once you get there, it's a, it's great. Yes. Chatto, what do you do for fun? I just published a novel, a little psychological thriller. Okay. What's it about? It's about a female serial killer. She's got OCD, but she gets a relief through her victims, you know?


Okay. So how does it end? She walks away. She just walks away. Don't say off Away. That's the happy ending to your novel is that the serial killer finds inner peace and doesn't have to Kill It's told, it's told from her point of view. Yeah. So you see her whole life go through it and you kind of want her to walk away from this point. Wow. Yeah. 'cause she's killing innocent people. I'm, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Is she killing innocent people or is there a specific type that she's killed? Who Doesn't deserve to fucking die at this point? Right. Well, All I absolutely agree. He looks a lot like my dad. I really just have to say that Really fucking Weird. Yeah. I've been told I have dad dick. Yeah. No, That's not, Wow.


That's not what I was saying. Wow. Look at this. Just Facially. Facially Looks like your dad. Yeah. Kind of. You also look like adult rock, but Adult rock as in the wrestler as As a kid. Rock if he aged. Oh Yeah. Thank you. Yes. Money does look like my dad. It's weird. Well, Do you play music or anything? Anything like that? I just like this. You just look like that? Yeah. Yeah. You just always looked like that. Yeah. And you don't, can't play a single God instrument. I was prophesized. I was gonna be a musician growing up in church, you know, churches and so I tried every fucking thing. I am not musically talented at all. Right. God was wrong on that one.


Okay. And you have a girlfriend, Chad? I've Been married 25 years. You're married 25 years. What does she do for a living Now? She, she takes calls on at for UPS or U-Haul. U-Haul, sorry. Okay. Same thing. Yeah. How do you keep things interesting in the bedroom? 25 years. How often are you guys having sex? Once a month, once a week, once a day. Couple times a week still. Okay. How does that go? Is it normally at night? In the morning? Usually The morning. I'm kind of wore out at night. I'm usually doing mics and shit. She's, you know, I get it, get it. She's asleep. Yeah. So what's your move? You just, when she's asleep, You just, I close the door and lock it and, and that's it.


She, she can't get out of a fucking That's great. Ladies and gentlemen. Who just had a rape confession here. 'cause you got, you got kids who are gonna Based in and Yeah, but they're adult kids, but they still live at home, so it's kind of Funny. How adult are they In their twenties? Yeah. How and how many still live at home? Well, My daughter just moved in with her grandma, but my son still lives in, in his room. How old's your son? He's 23. What's he doing with his life? Fucking nothing. What Do you mean fucking Nothing? You should fuck your wife louder. Yeah, That's what, that's what it takes. Instead of locking the door, you should leave it open. Yeah. Me fucking Suck. That should get him.


Jesus Christ. That should get him out of there. I agree. Either that or he is gonna come and start jerking off right inside the room, watching mom and dad go at it. He's got pretty good bits. I'm gonna use that. He sounds like a real do nothing. Does he have a job? He just, he got recently fired from Pinballs. But how Did he get fired from Pinballs? What do you have to do? He was going to the bathroom too much is what his, he was hiding out in the bathroom, right? Yeah. Okay. So what's he gonna do now In his defense? He has to jerk off every time he hears a click. I've been taking him to a lot of interviews. He's, he's kind of visually impaired, so I have to drive him around and stuff.


Visually impaired? Yeah. Yeah. What's wrong with his eyesight? He's got, he's got a few things. He's got the shaky eye thing and he is got the de degenerative thing where he can't, it's, it's losing his eyesight. He draws really good comics right now. Have you thought about teaching 'em how to play bass guitar? Yeah. Yeah. My, my talent has passed on. Yeah. Right. Okay. And the daughter lives with your grandma now? Yeah. She couldn't put up with our shit 'cause we were too strict. So she moved in with grandma. So she's Living with grandma. Yeah. Getting banged out by black dudes at grandma's house. Yeah. Is that pretty much what's going on, you think? No, she had a bad relationship here and that's why she moved there. Get away from that shit.


Where Does grandma live? Grandma lives in Oklahoma. Wow. So she's kind of out there in the middle of nowhere. Yeah. Yeah. She's, yeah. And grandmas trying to shit. You guys are worse than Oklahoma. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I said. I need to look after my daughter. I'm gonna send her to the 10 pregnancy capital of the world. Yeah. I actually love Oklahoma. That's where we're from. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tulsa man. Oklahoma City Ed been is where I grew up also. It's, I'm done with, that's all I know now about Oklahoma. Tulsa. Yeah. Yeah. There's, that's a place called Tulsa in Oklahoma. Yeah. When you don't know you all, Are you Indian? No, just the hair. Okay. You don't have to like, if you don't know, you're very good at yourself. Yes, I know. Yeah.


You don't have to just make noise. I mean, red Band gets away with it every week. But you don't have to just if you don't, if you don't have like a thing, you don't have to do anything. Last time you were on, you got a little joke book. I did. Well, Guess what, Chatto This week, This time you're leaving with a big joke Book. Thank you guys. Yeah. There he goes. Chatto everyone. We're having fun. Favorite Look at this, the episode.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by Via Look. Life moves fast and sometimes you just need a way to relax, recharge, or stay focused without making things more complicated than they already are. You ever try meditating but they get stressed about how bad you are at meditating? Same. That's why I love Via, because they actually make feeling good, easy. Half a million customers can't be wrong. Via is changing the game in natural wellness. Combining high quality hemp derived ingredients with powerful cannabinoids to create real effect driven results. Bam. Whether You're looking for daily wellness, laser focus, or deep relaxation via has it. I personally love their gummies right before bed. I also love that they're made with organic lab tested hemp from trusted independent American farms. Oh, we love American Farms via Legally ships nationwide. Discreetly no medical card required. So if you're 21 or older, check out the link in Navaya in our description. Use code Tony to receive 15% off free shipping on orders over a hundred dollars. And if you're new to Avaya, get a free gift of your choice. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Enhance your every day with Via.


Hi. This podcast is sponsored by PrizePicks. The best place to turn your sports knowledge into cash with millions of members. PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all run your game all season long on PrizePicks cash in on the basketball playoffs with PrizePicks. Don't miss your last chance to add your favorite players from the court to your PrizePicks lineup. Whether it's points, rebounds, assists, take your pick of more or less for your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash today. PrizePicks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday. Each Tuesday, PrizePicks discount, select pair projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. Think LeBron James will get more than 24 points. Giannis are more than 35 points. Cook up hot takes with your friends and win real money this basketball season. Win. You and your crew. Run your game on PrizePicks. A red band. Tony, I love PrizePicks. This week on PrizePicks, I'm looking at the basketball board selecting Luka Don for more than 28 points. And Jason Tatum for more than eight rebounds. PrizePicks is so simple to use and makes it easy to start cooking up hot takes and getting big payouts quickly. So download the app today and use code Tony to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code Tony to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


We're moving on. Your next bucket poll goes by the name of Zach Hollis. Everyone. Okay, there's Heidi again. There's Heidi. And here comes Zach Hollis. Everyone. The other day my smartwatch notified me that I was having a fantastic workout. I was taking a shit. I don't think I could ever have a normal job. 'cause every time I tighten that tie, my dick gets hard. I've been getting into BDSM lately, or at least that's what my girl tells the cops. Sometimes I fantasize about orgies so they don't let me near schools anymore.


I think I'm pretty good at flirting, but it's hard to tell between all their muffled screams. You know? I don't like to waste leftovers, so I always eat the fetus afterwards. Why Do people fantasize about having a zombie apocalypse? You could eat people right now. Like, you don't have to wait, man. All right. I think that's probably about my time. Just a bunch of creepy bullshit. I know, I'm sorry. Wow. It's really frightening. KIM CONGDON. I've Never seen a comedian do none liners. Yeah. Is almost impressive.


It's a lot of good topics, a lot of good premises, and just a bunch of Like, you know, it's a short amount of time, so I was really trying to squeeze what I could in there. Yeah, You Did. Yeah. It's not much I give it. It is the same amount of time that everybody's always gotten on that show. Okay. How long you been doing standup? About two years now. Where At All Around town. Roscoe's, kick butt, you Know. So Austin. Yeah, Austin is the answer. What do you do for work Right now? I'm a karaoke DJ on the weekends. Ooh, A karaoke dj. Yeah. Tell us about that. What is that like? Oh, It's awful, man. They're always trying to skip the line bullshit around. Yeah. Did they offer you money? Do you, do You Every week?


Yeah. They try to bribe their way on stage. Like the worst excuse I've had was I'm dying of cancer. Wow. Did you let them cut the line? No, of course not. Do you remember what song they wanted to do? No. I mean, it was a while ago. Okay. Well, very incredible stuff. Karaoke dj, nothing else about it. I mean, I'm doing DoorDash on the weekends or I'm doing, doing DoorDash in between doing DJ stuff, but really I'm When you say you're doing DoorDash, does that mean you're ordering it clearly? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, as much as I can, you know, I'm growing. What Do you like to eat? You are shaped a specific way. I mean, I love a good burger, you know? Yeah. That's always nice. You are shaped Like a bee.


Yeah, they used to call me a bear in college 'cause I'm so damn hairy. Yeah. Okay. All Right. Not in a good gateway. Just JAMES MCCANN Consulting. I was gonna Say, I don't think that's what that means necessarily. What do you do for fun, Zach? For fun, I'm big into video games. Yeah. I'm addicted to 'em. I love it. Yeah. What video games? I'm playing a new one, Claire Obscure that came out this week. It's amazing. Yeah. What's that like? What do you do on that game? It's a RPG. It's turn based. It's a big budget story. It's really nice. I like it a lot. Yeah, So interesting. What's your love life like? My Love life. Me and my girl bought a house about four months ago. Okay. Yeah.


Nice. Headed towards marriage eventually. We'll see. I love it. How can you afford a house? Who the hell knows? I worked hard before that, but now I'm trying to get into comedy, so, you know. What did you do before that? I used to repair restaurants. Okay. Yeah. Worked with power tools. Alright, Nice. And you saved money doing that? Yeah, a good bit, Yeah. And now you have a house? Yeah, It was one bedroom, two bedroom. It's a three bedroom? Yeah. Three bedroom, Three bedroom. Wow. Incredible. Absolutely amazing. What are you doing with all those bedrooms? Shh. I mean, got my computer in one. Got the dogs in the other, and then we stay in the last one, you know, Computer in one, dogs in the other. How many dogs do you have? We have Two. Yeah. Okay.


All right. And what do they do in that room? Mostly shit on the floor. Yeah. Wow. Okay. Bunch of disgusting fucks today. So far. Pulled outta the buckets. This is incredible. Just people, fucking girls whose places smell like cat piss. There's guys with floors filled with shit. Yo, he is not walking them. No, I mean that's, that's fair. Yeah. My goodness. So Zach, what's your house payment like? Oh, it's, it's pretty bad. It's like 2000 before bills and everything on top of that. 2000 Before bills. How much money do you have? Not enough, I'll tell you that much. It's getting scary quick. Give us a ballpark.


Maybe like 10 K in the bank. I don't know. 10 K in the bank. We're, we're going at two KA month. Yeah. How much money is the wife making? I just, honestly, I'm not sure I've, I've never asked her that direct question. She's definitely the breadwinner right now. Well, you look like the bread eater. Yeah, I'm, yeah. My goodness. And what does she do again? She works for a nursing certification board, so she certifies nurses. So that's like a real job. Yeah, apparently. And she's fully supportive of you chasing your dreams? She loves it. Yeah. She's super excited for It. Does she come to your shows? Sometimes When work can afford, obviously our schedules don't really align. Right. But yeah. And how long have you been with her? Like three, four years now.


Okay. How do you keep things exciting in the bedroom? They're probably not, honestly. How often are you guys having sex? I don't know. Maybe like three times a week. Maybe. Something like that. Three times. That's pretty good for a guy built like you, what does she do that turns you on? You have a, you wanna miss something Specific? She likes to, she likes to insult me a lot and beat me down. Oh hell yeah. Looks like I could fuck you very easily. Alright, well, what is it? Zach Hollis. Yeah. Congratulations buddy. Thanks. There's a little joke book.


Next time I would say take your time and fucking pick your, pick your favorite jokes and commit to 'em instead of rushing through it. There goes Zach Hollis. Everybody starting a little fire during the show here. It's like a little tiny fire. Little tiny fire on KILL TONY. Alright, let's get another bucket. Pull up here. This looks like an interesting name. You guys having fun out there? Let's meet another one. This one goes by the name of Tommy Tickles. Everybody. Tommy Tickles. Hey, we know Tommy. It's the return of Tommy Tickles everybody.


They say that opposites attract. If opposites really did attract, then my wife really wouldn't have a penis. I'm always broke looking for new ways to make money. Last week I took an ad out in the back of a men's magazine offering $50 blow jobs. Now I just gotta get my wife on board. I written in several books, nine Different Ways to Skin a Cat. You gotta Skin it if you're going to eat it.


I've been married 13 years and the next book I wrote, I dedicated to my wife 101 Ways to Kill Your Wife. That book was quickly followed by a sequel, 101 things to do in prison. Okay. Tommy Tickles. Look at you. You're back. I remember you. Yes, sir. I came back. I was here every right at Christmas time. I Remember you. How could I forget you? You're like a little fucking, you're like a, like a mouse. Well, You're Adorable. I'm a farmer rancher.


Yeah, you're you're A farmer and a rancher. And where is that again? Other side of Fredericksburg. About two and a half hours away. Okay. And you have your own little property out there. That's right. Hell yeah. Look at him. You're such a little, If anybody needs to bur your body, my Instagram count is Tommy Tickles 2025. Okay. Tommy Tickles 2025. This guy's trying to make money. Disposing of bodies live here on Koni. I'm trying to start a pet cemetery. Okay. Wow. Everybody tonight is frightening out of the bucket. I don't know if anybody's keeping track of that. I'm pretty sure that everyone pulled out of the bucket tonight has made a joke about eating either humans or an animal.


Dude, don't ever make you sit on the end again. Yeah, it's scary. It's okay, Tommy. You'll just bury you on his property for $50. That's all. What, what is there to be scared of? If You, if you have a pet that you need to bury a pet? I'm less scared of the murder and more scared of the tickles, to be honest. Tommy tickles, if Your pet's not dead yet, I'll knock 50 bucks off if you let me kill it. Wow. Oh my god. Tommy you's not true. A wild boy. Tommy Tickles. How old are you? I'm 50, 50 years old. 50. Take note that Tommy is the same age as the first comedian that You never stop dreaming.


Oh, and you, you red band's also 50 Tommy Tickles. Absolutely incredible. I'm looking better. Yeah, you look, you, you're, you're looking good. Tommy Tickles. You're in good shape. Last time you let me roast you. You I Did. Yeah. You ready? Okay. Yes, go ahead. Tommy Tickles. I'm ready for more. Tommy tickles Ranker.com Recently listed. Hold On. Wait, wait, wait. What is that? You're about to find it. Oh, Okay. Go ahead. Tommy Ranker.com just listed, ranked its top Comedians of all time. Ron White was ranked at number 14, Joe Rogan came in at number 89.


Tony HINCHCLIFFE comes in his pants every time he sees Ron White and Joe Rogan. That's a very good one. Tommy Tickles. That's very good. That's every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. I come in my pants when I see two of my good friends. Ron White and Joe Rogan. Yeah. Gimme another one. Tommy Roast me, buddy. You're Snow White's eighth dwarf. Okay. I'm five nine, but all right, Tommy, I guess I'm a fucking dwarf. Even though I'm taller than you. You old Jesus Christ, piece of shit. You're a very good looking guy.


You some might say you're easy on the eyes. Yeah. Emerald Eyes. 'cause there's no eyes in the word. Because there's no eyes in the word. Okay, very good. That's too, we, we literally, by the way, it's funny, we have a new job we had to make today. We two. I don't ever, We have two people now. A fun fact about the backbone behind the scenes of KILL TONY. We don't really reveal stuff often, but we have two. We hired had to hire two people to keep track of every time we say the word on the show, because if we accidentally miss it and it goes on YouTube, it gets completely demonetized. Therefore, wasting an unbelievable amount of money.


Who are these That's working at YouTube? Oh, that's right. It turns out it's a computer. Now they have a computer and it takes us two humans to compete with their computer because somehow they will find a, in an episode, there's nothing you could do to hide. Alright. You also have a, a very nasal voice. Like when you get stuck in traffic, they call it nasal congestion. Okay. There you go. Tommy. I swear to God, you make fun of me. One more time. I'm gonna fuck the shit outta you. Okay, Here we go. Tommy. You live out in the country. What's it, what's some crazy shit that goes on out there?


Like, you ever have someone like fucking run out of fuel and come up and like, or, or anything like, knock on your door, you have guns? Oh yeah. Yeah. I love country people. I love it. How many guns do you have, Tommy? I don't count. A lot of 'em were inherited, you know, like passed down. So we just have, you know, guns for just doing what guns are supposed to be used for, you know? Yeah. What do you use the guns for? If you need your pet killed, you go to Tommy Tickles 2025. What Are you out there killing pets. When's the last last time you killed a Pet? No, I don't kill pets.


He kills pets. Do you have any pets? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I've Got a What kind of pets do you I've Got a boxer dog. Great white. Nee the, we've got llamas, three black guys. What do you do with the llamas? What do they do? They protect the sheep and goats from coyotes. Wow. What they, so if a coyote comes a llama, what does the llama do? They'll chase 'em off like a, They chase off. Coyotes are scared of llamas. Yeah. Yeah. Can't a coyote kind of fuck up a llama? No. Yeah. I guess It's just the size intimidates them. Huh? If they ganged up on him, he could, but more normally the best thing about a llama is the scent that they, they put off.


So it kind of smells like a horse or a mule. And coyotes don't like that either. So yeah, just having 'em around protects the babies from even other critters like raccoons and fox. Wow. I, I could just hear. And they're Cute. Talk about this Shit. We just had a baby, baby. Wow. It's incredible. Tell us more what it's like out there on the ranch of Tommy Tickles. What else could, what else could one expect if we tickle ranch? If we, if we were, if we drove up on your property, what would be some things that we saw or would recognize out there? It looks like a circus. There's just a massive of chickens and we bottle baby a lot of animals that come in from other ranches and you know, they, like, if they have a problem, they can bring it to us and you know, we've got a few tricks to where we can, you know, keep the babies alive.


Oh my God. And so there's, right now my wife's bottle, baby nine bottle feeding, 19 different little baby goats and sheep. 19 baby goats and sheep. Oh my God. It's a full dog. This chicken Bottles dripping Lots of bottles. This is absolutely incredible. And now they think that they are your best friend. Yeah. And they kind of think that they're human. And my wife is about the same way. She treats them way better than she treats me. Look at the, she's fucking them. Look at the smile on your Face always comes up. It's incredible. All these other people that we've pulled out of the bucket tonight appear trying to keep it together. They seem so stressed out.


And then Tommy tickles drives out from the countryside, having the time of his life happy to be here. Yeah. What kind of, what kind of, what kind of what? You got a, you got like an old timey pickup truck, don't you? No. Uhuh. It's All right. Well, what, what is this? Chevy C Silverado 2,500. Oh Wow. Okay. So yeah. 'cause you use it for Shit, right? Yeah. Yeah. And that gets me down Road. You put haystacks in it and whatnot. Hay and heavy equipment. I know a lot about, I know a lot about ranching. Yeah. Sometimes you gotta throw a haystack in the old pickup truck, you know what I mean? Red band knows a lot about blue cheese in That's true. That's a salad dressing joke.


Ranch and blue cheese. You should really record all this stuff that's going on in your ranch, though, like that's so popular on TikTok and YouTube. Have you ever thought about it? You make a lot of money. I do. My standup set in front of I the Animals. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. No, I'm, I'm, hold on. You're doing standup to the goats. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No shit. You Doing kid friendly standup On the TikTok. My goat. My goat ate my homework. Really? I ate half my notes one day. Really, really Good jokes. What's that goat's name? Clown face. Clown face. Clown face. Oh my god. This guy's adorable. I would watch your reality show. Oh yeah.


No, it's a circus. It's worth watching if I ever get around to it. Sure. Wow. This is absolutely incredible. What were you about to say just then You and Red band? Remind me of IHOP signature Dish. Rudy Tootie. Fresh and fruity. Okay, You know what, here I am being nice. I'm being a nice guy saying I'm more interested in your life. I'd watch a reality show and then here you are insulting me. I have watched your roasts on YouTube and there's nothing that I could say that would come close to how good, you know, you do your roast, but you're also kind of evil.


So I don't really feel bad about It. It's this reputation of mine that people think I help more people than I. I treat these bucket pools like you treat farm animals. I give them all a chance. Sometimes I fucking psychologically bottle feed them. Tommy, I've been asking people this question, how long have you been with your wife? 13 years. How Do you keep things exciting in the bedroom? Oh, she keeps things exciting. Okay. Give us, yeah, give us a little bit of that. What do you mean by that exactly? Sometimes I don't know if she's gonna cut me or fuck me.


I think she's the girl from his novel. She's exciting. So can you give us an example of a time in which you didn't know whether you were gonna get cut or fucked? Like what do you mean by that exactly? She storms in or something, or what happens exactly. She said something one day and we were sitting in the truck and I said, oh, you wanna drive? And I threw the keys in her direction and it accidentally hit her. Oh shit. And she got out of the truck and she started running away. And I was like, oh shit, I better catch her. So I was gonna catch her, but she kept on running further and further away and it's real soft dirt out there or whatever. So I had to tackle her.


She keyed my truck and, and then it was all, it was better after that. You know, Not think domestic abuse at the tickle farm. Yeah. I thought it was gonna end in you guys. Fucking, I didn't realize it was gonna be a Yeah. Then things got exciting. You guys had makeup sex right after that? Very passionate. This woman. Wow. Was it in the truck or did you guys No, back when you got back home At the circus. Yeah. Right. Absolutely. Wow. Hell yeah. Well, Tommy Tickles, the last time you were on, did you get a big joke book? Yes I did. Would you sign it? Okay. Yeah, I'll sign it.


I'll sign it. Okay. Yeah, I'll sign it. Do you want me to do it now? Yeah. There you go. Tommy Tickles. That's for you, buddy. Congratulations. There you go. Tommy Tickles everybody. I bet he is an interesting, Interesting follow. I wanna see what's going on on that fucking ranch. I wanna see with my own eyes.


This podcast is sponsored by Built Attention Renters. If you haven't heard of Built, you're about to thank me or in your favorite airline miles and Hotel points through Built just by paying your rent on time. Let me explain. There's no cost to join. And just by paying Rent, you unlock flexible points that can be transferred to your favorite hotels and airlines, a future rent payment, your next Lyft Ride, and more. When you pay rent Through Built, you unlock two powerful benefits. First, you earn one of the industry's most valuable points on rent every month, no matter where you live or who your landlord is. Your rent now works for you. Second, you gain access to exclusive neighborhood benefits in your city. Built to neighborhood benefits are things like extra points on dining out, complimentary post-workout shakes, free mats or towels at your favorite fitness studio. And unique experiences that only built members can access. Hey, Ray Bango. Tony, I love Build. I can't believe you get so many benefits just from paying your rent. And when you're ready to travel, built Points can be converted to your favorite miles and hotel points around the world. Meaning you Rent can literally take you places. So if you're not earning points on rent, my question is, what are you waiting for? Start paying Rent through Built and take advantage of your neighborhood benefits by going to join built.com/tony. That's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/tony. Make sure to use our URL so they know we sent you. That's J-O-I-N-B-I-L-T. Join built.com/tony to sign up for Built Today.


Alright, let's talk about how Amazon Prime makes everything better. You know the moment you're binge watching different things and you realize that Prime has more to offer than expected. Amazon Prime isn't just fast delivery though. Let's be honest, getting snacks are a last minute prop. Delivered the same day is a lifesaver. It's also Amazon Music vibe too. And all the things that make life more interesting. Red Band. Whether Streaming a standup special building the perfect playlist for the next show, or getting new gear delivered fast Prime helps make it all happen and maybe even delivers a few laughs along the way. So whether comedy, drama, or just the perfect new joke book is the vibe. Remember Prime is there for it. I do it all on Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. amazon.com/prime.


Okay, we're gonna break things up here for a second. As I introduce one of the newest Golden ticket winners on this show, I'm getting this guy on back to back weeks because he has to go back to Toronto and be a, a very Asian man in Toronto soon. And he's gonna be there for months. So here he is before he leaves Austin, Texas with a brand new minute. This is Kda. Thank you. Thank you. Hey guys. I used to date with this girl, beautiful girl.


And after we did it for one month, she dumped me and I was devastated. I was sad 'cause she didn't tell me a reason why. So I went up to Facebook and see what was going on in her life. Turns out she used to date with this huge black masculine man. And after dumping me, she's back with this huge, same black, masculine man again. And do you guys eat sushi? Yeah. You guys eat, do you guys know there's a, the reason why there's a little ginger right next to sushi?


Yeah, it's a Pollock cleanser. Yeah. So this bitch used me for Pollock lens because she didn't even want to eat a big black tuna twice in a low, you know, she, she have to eat Pickle Ginger peanut in the between. Thank you. Hello. Hi. Wow. Hi Tony. Hello Sai. Hello. One of my favorite interviewees in the history of the show. You're so stoic. You're so Asian.


Thank you. You're welcome. You've been in Austin for a couple weeks now. How's it been going for you? It's amazing. I got, I'm living with a black roommate right now. You're Living with a black roommate? Yeah. Okay. What is that like for you? Well, He's wearing his clothes. You Look like George Talkies. What? He gets it. George Talkies. George Toki. What do you think that means? Sai George talkies. If you get it right, I'll give you a million dollars.


Thank George Toki. Kim, you idiot. I just offered him a million dollars. Silly bitch. Just out here like explaining many words Black man. That is correct. Black man. Black man. There you go. You just won a million dollars. Yes. Okay. Thank you. So what's it like having a black roommate? It's, it's, it's very new culture to me. Yeah. Explain exactly what you mean. What is different about the black culture than what you're used to in both Canada and Japan?


It's a he, every day he chase, he want to chase holes. That's Chases what? Chases chase holes. That's dozen. Ho ho, ho, ho ho, ho ho ho ho. Chases ho chases ho every day. And, and I'm, I'm like tired. 'cause you're Tired 'cause he's bringing him home and they're making noise, Making so much noise And you can't, you can't sleep at night. There's so much noise.


I go out, I just go outside and then go to live bloody or like, you know, just go to coffee shop and then Right, Right, Right. See, Japanese man knows he doesn't have to chase the hose, you know? No, you stand next to them on public transport and you grab, that's the You. I know it's a beautiful part of your culture. Yes. A big fan. Yeah. We tapped it as, you know, in a train. So you had a black roommate, but now you're about to head back to Canada this week.


Am I correct? Yes. So what is he gonna do now that his roommate is leaving? Well, he's gonna chase some holes again, right? Yeah, but how's he gonna, aren't you helping pay rent? No, no. He was, he just letting me stay. So yeah. Really? Yeah. Alright. Wow. This is Trump's America, everybody. To where young black men can support having an immigrant on their couch. Who would've thought the economy would be so good so fast? Wow. Me. I did. I thought that's a go.


Alright, KDA, give us something else. What have you been doing for fun here in Austin? We know that you're working hard. We know that you do a lot of spots, you draw, people are booking you on their shows, especially since you have this new KILL TONY fame. The bump. The bump. The Bump. Ki Hans Kim, yes. Took me to his tour. Oh yeah. Wow. Look at that. Yeah, we went to, I went to his house. Oh yeah. And two fat cat he had, He had what? Two fat cat, Two fat cat.


Yeah. Once really gay. Very good. Okay. Yeah. And then, So what did you guys do with the two fat cat? Just tried to not eat them the entire time. It was, it was difficult, but yeah, that was, yeah. Two fat cat. And then we pray Mario Brothers. Ah, yeah. God, that is so Asian. Just two Asian guys playing Mario. Playing a n Nintendo. Oh, you like a Nintendo too?


Yeah. I like a Nintendo. Oh, there's a Fat Cutta. Fat Cutta. Nintendo. Who you going to be? I'll be a Luigi. I'm going to be at the Princess. Oh, I'm gonna switch. I'm gonna be a tot tour. What character are you on, Mario Waluigi. Waluigi. Ah, Very good. Waluigi. Waluigi. Wow. Why do you go with Waluigi? Well, it's, yeah, it, it Waluigi looks like Waluigi Looks like Tony. Little bit.


Oh you are You making fun of me. Everyone's taking shots. All I do is help everybody and everybody comes up. Oh, this lady's shooting imaginary guns at me. This lady in the front row is like, what the fuck is going on here? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm getting fireballs. Fireballs. Shut the fuck up. Oh, now you want to cheer. Alright, KTA, we're going to miss you so much.


Have you guys seen Kansai around town? I've never seen you before. I think you are great. He, he really is. He's, I've seen a few of them. Few. Are you excited to go back home to Toronto and sit around and eat Ramen every day? I want to eat Ramen every day here. You eat Ramen every day here too. I eat Ramen. The Korean Ramen. The Korean Ramen. Yeah. I cook it with my black friend and then, whoa. Yeah. What's in the, what's in the ramen? Sage and Sage. Sage. Sage. Wow. I lived 40 fucking years. I never heard it called that.


So Sage. Sage. God damn. That is fucking sausage. Sausage. Wow. Sausage, Sausage, sausage. Try it like this. Try it like this. Go sausage. I use sausage. I love sage. I love, I love ramen Siege. Sausage. Sage. Try siege. I love sage. Just say Siege. Siege, siege, siege. No, no, no. You don't have to make it Italian. You don't have to make it Italian. Just 'cause I extra Asian everything with you doesn't mean you need to Italian it with me.


So try this. Just watch me. Watch me go. S Sid. Now go. Now go. Sausage. Sausage. Nah, I is still a little sage. You're trying to make it an A. Let's stick with an I here, even though it is an A and a U. But it sounds like an I. Sage. No, no, not sausage Sage. Let's try it one more time. Watch me. Watch me. Siege. Siege. Sausage. So Do it. Do it. Noise at the end. So sage. Yeah. No, just so Asian. You can't are getting smaller Sausage. It's hot.


Okay, let's try it in a full sentence. While Luigi ate lots of sausage While Luigi ate lot of sausage. God dammit. Cons. Suda. We, we love you Kci. You're killing it. Enjoy Canada. We'll see you soon. Thank you. One of the top young rising stars on the show. That is indeed Kda, Ladies and gentlemen. Alright, we're gonna keep what? Yeah, he's great. Great. Yeah, we love him. We love Kda. Alright, your next bucket poll. This looks like a new name. 60 seconds uninterrupted. Going to Alex Tar.


Alex Tar. So I'm not transgender right now, but I am thinking about it. So I might be a translator. I'm actually kind of odd. I'm odd. Like an eight ball. I'm even black. I'm even black. I got this odd problem I'm trying to figure out. So there's three planes that depart from a Boston airport within a 20 minute window and collide with a building each.


Now if X represents the plane that hit the Pentagon, I'm trying to solve for Y The government won't show me the footage. 20 years still figuring it out, you know. Thank you. Thank you very much. Woo. 58 seconds from Alex tar. Am I saying that correctly? Tar, Tar. Tar. Okay. What ethnicity are you exactly? I'm African and Italian. Wow. Lot of Sicilian in there too. Okay. All right. African and Italian.


That's The accent. The last guy was doing it Was great. What do you mean sausage? Sausage, sausage. Sausage. Sausage. Alex, how long have you been doing standup comedy? About 11 years. Wow. 11 years. Where at? Mostly New York. Okay. A Little bit of Portland didn't work out well. Right. Okay. How did you end up in New York? Is that where you're from? Oh Yeah. I'm from Westchester. Okay. All right. And do you live here now? Yep. What made you move here? This baby. Okay, baby. Jesus Christ. Those eyes, dude. It's just the old emerald eyes of Tony HINCHCLIFFE.


That's my new nickname. Emerald Eyes. Okay. Look at you. I mean, holy shit. You look like you would be the first pick in the garbage man draft. It is just incredible. What's happening here? Well, you know what, I've been trying to sign up for a while and I keep trying different things. Like I actually just gave up on socks completely. Hold on a second. I I am gonna need a second here. Everybody. So you're saying that you've been signing up for the show for a while and you haven't been getting pulled randomly out of the bucket. Yeah. And you think that doing different things, for example, not wearing socks, would help make you lucky enough to get pulled out of the bucket?


Well I kept wearing like, I kept wearing like pants and like, like clothes and stuff and I was like, you know what, it's not working. You can't argue with results. This man is here, the system Works. Woo. It's gonna be fucking 65 people that stop wearing socks next week because of this fucking moment right here. Wow. What are some other things that you did to help your, how many weeks have you signed up? This is a question that I always wanted to ask people more. I should do that. It's, it's, it's been about like 20 months. 20 months in a row. Yeah. And every Monday you sign up and you don't get pulled out of the bucket.


And then this is the first week that you, you go, what do I pretty sweet. How the fuck can I do to get outta there? I'm gonna stop wearing socks and look at you now. Wow. Do you always wear the, the the durag on your Head? Yeah, usually I like to wear a hat for like that big like un black reveal, you know. But We can see your hair. Thank You. Thank you. Thank you. It is incredible because you don't really seem black or Italian, I guess when blacks and Italians mate, it just comes out Persian prints or something like that. His smoke detector just goes off whenever he makes spaghetti. I'm actually second generation inbred.


Explain to us exactly what you mean. So I don't know if you can see it from here, but I got this mini pinky. Oh yes we can. Definitely Disgusting dude. I got one minis. I'm gonna warn people before that happens. D Madness Saw that little pinky. That is unbelievable. That is the most random thing to say. He is like, well I don't know if you could see it from there, but I have a very tiny pinky. It's like a blatant thing. Anybody from any distance can notice that you have a shockingly small pinky. That is amazing. Yeah. I love the presentation of your small pinky. And you're saying that this is because family members above you, your ancestors were fucking one another?


Yeah. So like my dad's parents were related, but like, not my parents. On the black or the Italian side? No, on the black side. What? Baking Soda. What? Well, Technically most Sicilians are kind of, you know, 'cause it's an island, you know. So it's a lot of, you know, I all, I, my only problem is the pinky. Trust me. It's just the pinky. Very suspicious. I don't think anyone's believing that. Now that you say it. No one's believing it. So are there, do you have brothers and sisters? Four. Four. Three brothers. One sister. I think I hate dogs Too. Do they have some things wrong with them?


My younger bar's on steroids. That's not, that's not, that's not, that's he's trying To grow his pinky. Do they have anything wrong with them? Just one's on steroids. What is he doing? Why? Why is he on steroids? Well he's, he's got like body dysmorphia and he thinks like he thinks that's gonna win his, you know, his girlfriend back or something. Ooh, Wow. That is a ruthless thing to say on this show. Do you and your brother not get along? No. We're We're good friends, you know. Okay. Hell yeah. You got anything you'd like to say about people you don't like sort? You Know, I got my best friend's, Adam, Jay and then Andrew Garino.


Wanna shout 'em out? Love those guys. Don't do that. Sorry. Don't do that. We're gonna bleep those out. I Pro I promised them because We bleep facts on this show. Now it's a full, what are we at? Seven, nine. If we count your little buddies. Alright, Alex, I got eight dogs too. You have eight dogs? Yep. What, what? Where, what, what? You live here? Yeah. By yourself? Yeah. And you have eight dogs. Are they all outside? No, they're indoors. You have eight indoor dogs. Okay. This is if you wanna get rid of them and you them. I know a farmer. Oh, okay.


Yeah. Alright. That is true. Tommy Tickles. You just inherited eight new dogs. Why do you have eight dogs? Explain to us how this happens. So the crazy thing is I just left my two dogs alone for a while and then they just like, I thought my little dog was just getting fat. Did they all did the do the new dogs, do they all have tiny pinkies? No. They're great though. They're cool. They're really sweet. So you left your two dogs alone? Un neutered, unspayed. They fucked. Did some of the puppies die? No. I got all of 'em. All six. Wow. So now how long, long ago did that happen? About almost seven weeks. Seven weeks. So you have seven week old puppies?


Yeah. It's pretty sweet. Are you trying, you're just keeping them? Yeah. You're gonna keep them? So I have to get like emotional service. Like I get like a doctor's note for eight dogs. 'cause you can't have more than, like, you can't have more than like five dogs in Austin. So you Go ahead JAMES MCCANN. Wait, you're gonna try and take eight emotional support dogs on a jet? What are you talking about? Have you seen this guy's pinky? He needs them. He's gotta nibble down the rest of the fingers with wild dogs. Wait, you need, you need the government to approve. Have it more than five dogs. Yeah. Or you need to have a Car. Trump's gonna ship these things to El Salvador. That's what's going on. This is a new era we're living in, buddy. No.


Breaking the rules with this new federal government. What kind of dogs are they? It's mostly pit bull. All right. That's the Black side. That is, I know what he is doing with these eight Dogs. Okay, so you're teaching him how to fight? Well, one of them bit. The other one's tail today. So apparently it's something called Litter mate syndrome, where like they're just automatically gonna start fighting because they're not normally, like normally people don't keep their dogs together like that. So you don't Even need to train him. Look at that. You start filming it for TikTok. You make the ultimate fight of it for dogs. You see which one's got some fight in it. That's the one you keep, you send the rest to the farm. Are you got really?


Are you proud of the one that bit the other one? Is that your favorite one now? My favorite one's Porky. Okay. Why is his wife, why is Porky your favorite? Porky was the, the only brown one. Everyone else is black, you know. Okay. Some weird racism. I guess you can get away with it 50% of the time. Yeah. It's the, the hard part about my blackness is like, nobody believes me. Right. I agree. I could see why. Yeah, it makes sense. What do you do for work? I do Jets pizza delivery on South Lamar. Wow. You were expecting the crowd to go. Wild Red band.


You've tried this pizza. Our senior pizza. It's my favorite pizza. Really? Yeah. Really good. Wow. And you gotta get the crust with all this shit on what to Yeah, We're giving away free pizzas. How are you doing that? Explain to us what, how I talked to my boss. He said if I got on we could give away free pizzas. Okay. To what, what's the, normally when someone comes up with a promotion plan like that, they would say where or when the free pizzas would happen. If you don't wear socks, Just show up to South Lamar Jet's Peach and ask for Big Win. Is that you? That's my boss, Mr. Wynn. Wow. Now what do you think this guy's going to do when he gets absolutely overwhelmed with people saying, Hey, I'm here from the KILL TONY guy.


He said that I'd get a free pizza. What do you think's gonna happen? I'm just hoping for a big, big delivery. A lot of tips. Hell yeah. By tip you mean to your finger? Well, well personally, I'm going off the rails. I'm losing it. You're losing Just fine. You're doing great. I'm Ty. But you are the best Yeah. Interviewee ever. Yeah, you're doing great. You're A black Italian cripple with too many dogs. There's, It's true. I take, I take the stats here. I got it written down here. Tar, I spelled it.


I I misspelled it how it's pronounced. 11 years. African, Italian, New York, Westchester. Little pinky. That's what I've insist. I mean, your chicken. A lot of boxes. Eight dogs. So here's a big question for you. All right. I specialize in different cultures and stereotypes. That's my bread and butter. And now I happen to know for a fact, a half black, half Italian is someone that loves women. Yeah. Right? Yep. You do. It's a problem. It's a problem. Let's talk about that problem. Go ahead. Tell us why it's a problem. How it's a problem. Some things that have come up in your life. You have eight dogs that you're living with and you want pussy all the time.


Yeah. Yep, yep. Absolutely. So tell us, tell the people what it's like. So basically I've, I've come to a conclusion that basically women, they all say they're different, but they all sound the same. So that's why I've only like been going after deaf women. What, You know what I mean? I love you. Yeah, I love you. That is some real, that's some black belt, Jedi level shit. So explain to us where you're finding these deaf women at. So, so basically I was at like rock bottom one day, which is not far from right now. Actually. Wait, you okay? I thought you were talking about the bar or a restaurant for a second. So I was like, so why, What, before we move on, why were you at rock bottom?


So I had a, I fell on my knee on the sidewalk and it got infected and the infection went to my face. Okay. It was a staph infection. It was like, I don't know, I, it was like I was on antibiotics. I don't remember exactly what it was, but it was like, it was actually pretty bad sickle Cell. Okay. How did it, how did it get to your, how did, what did it do to your face? It started like getting all red and puffy. Okay. And how long did you, was it after the fall on the knee in which your face, The fall on the knee? Like, I, I didn't know because it was such a big collision and it got like cellulose or cellulitis or something like that. Like deep infection. So how many days after the fall on the knee did your face start getting Puffy? About a week. Okay. So you were at rock bottom, they gave you antibiotics, right? Yeah, I just had my car got stolen.


'cause I live in Portland. Oh, Portland. That's come up a few times tonight. Portland. And I was, I was limping to go get some free food from the pantry and all of a sudden there's this beautiful woman and she's holding, this is a true story. She's holding like a pile of money in her hands and she just goes, You want any money? This is the greatest show ever invented. There's nothing like this fucking show. Just to let you know every other show in the fucking world. The people are vetted. Like the, the podcast host knows who they're talking to that day.


Every other fucking, not to mention television show, everything we were raised on. They know what questions they're gonna ask. The other person knows what the fucking answer is. They try to make it look natural. This show is so diff, what the fuck, what the fuck is going on? Deaf woman with a pile of cash? And she sent it. That sounded, that sounded accurate. That sounded like a deaf woman. Yep. So you're next to her. And what do you say to that? I said, well, a couple things. I was like, you kind of caught me at a bad time. You told her that? Yeah, it's not a great time for me. Like, like, you know, but I said, I said one day I'm gonna be on TV and when you see me on tv, you give me a call.


And she said, okay, Bye. See you on tv. You gave her your number? Nope. Well, how would she give you a call? Well, I was hoping she'd see me on tv. He's gonna get famous and death jamer in the ass. Well, I, I figured, I figured like while, like while I'm getting through my like phase of having no money and eight dogs, like, like I'd get like to the point where I could finally like have a relationship. You know what I mean? Like, now it's not a good time for me. You know what I'm saying? So you Got a knee injury that infects the face and you go home to your house with no money and eight dogs and you go one day love. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is, You don't find a lot of women like that.


No. You don't ever, no one ever has, no one has ever seen a deaf woman with a pile of cash. I'm going for it. Going for it. Asking to give it out. Did you It's It sound like a 3-year-old grown up and tells a story, you know, and kids, kids are like, and then there was an apple and the apple talked to me and then it was, I fell on my knee and the knee hurt my face And there was a woman and she couldn't hear. And she gave me money, but I walked away. I went home. I had eight dogs at that house. I love you. I you are the best quality person I've ever met. Hey, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank You. Especially great person for the blood that runs through your veins. I mean, Italians are real pieces of shit, you know what I mean?


Okay. Alright. That was too much. Alright, we talking about God, it's thought you were talking about being inbred. I didn't even know You were talking about anything Italian. Okay. Thank you Red band. For all the help that you provide over here. 16 minutes into this interview. I still feel like I haven't gotten enough. Well, it's nice meeting y'all. Oh, you're so sweet. This fucking guy. You're unbelievable. He's gotta go. He has eight dogs. So where this deaf woman changed your life to the point to where you are now into deaf women, but you didn't do anything with her?


No. Basically like, and I thought for myself, like same day I was like, well, like, 'cause she was like offering me money and I was like, this is pretty sweet. And then like later on I'm walking into the grocery store, like, and I sit down and like some other woman like, offers me money. And I was like, well, it wasn't the same. 'cause like she thought I was homeless and I was like, all right. So like, it's not just that she was offering me money, you know? Did You take the money? No. No. And also she was black too, so I wasn't really feeling it. You know, you're not into black women? No, not really. Not really. Not really. You been with a black woman? Yeah, one time. What did you not, what was it that stood out to you? She had a really nice afro. I thought she was pretty, but she also had like, some kind of like, like I ended up like kinda getting sick afterwards.


Like, she, Like, tell us about that. What kind of sick did you get from the black woman? Oh, Like, you might be the greatest interview in the history of the show. So honest. So like, basically putting on a clinic. It was basically like a couple hours into this. And like, my air mattress already mostly deflated. And she, she just starts coughing and I'm like, you all right? She's like, no, I'm kind of getting over something. And I'm like, ah, geez, I'm kind of getting over something. And then all of a sudden, like I was just sick for like another week and this sucks. So that was, that was it. Wow.


And then there was, there was, there was one, there was one, there was one. Everyone has one giant fat black lady off Craigslist, but that doesn't count. Wait, She was off Craigslist? No. Maybe it doesn't. No, it doesn't really count though. Where did you meet her at? Well, I met her at my, I met her at her house. You gotta understand it. It was Albany. It was Albany. I didn't have a chance. Oh, Okay. Hold on. I asked. Oh God. Oh, I asked if you see, I asked if you found her on Craigslist and you said no.


Right? Well, well, yeah, but I, I I found her on Craigslist, but then I met her at her house. Right. Got it. Okay. I didn't find her. Okay. You, so you did find her on Craigslist? Yeah. Yeah. And then your first time meeting her physically was at her House? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And then you got sick. Yeah. And that kind of turned you off from black women? Yeah. And the thing is, I got sick even though we, we also did it in the shower. It didn't help at all. You did it in the shower? Yeah. What made you guys do it in the shower? You both have, I thought like voluptuous hair. You said that she had an afro. You have a what? Appears to be a Well, We, well, we started in the shower. We moved over to the air mattress.


And to be, to be perfectly honest, you, oh, here we go. Here he goes. He's loaded up. And here it comes. To be perfectly honest, Well, it was, well, I mean, I don't know if I can make this any worse. You are doing just fine buddy. We, we, we kind of filmed it. I, I You hold on. You just met her. Yeah, it started in the shower. You're both getting over something. What made you guys film it? Whose idea was that? Well, the thing I Was living, I was living in Albany. It was over the summer. So like, nobody was there Upstate New York.


Yeah. And I knew I was gonna need something for later, you know what I mean? So you asked her permission to film? Yes. Wait a second. There's a little pause. A little big smile there. Absolutely. Ly. So you, this was at her house, so you couldn't No, its at my house. We went back to my house. You met her at her house? Yeah. Then you took her back to your house? Why? I I, well, I mean, I just, that's kind where I just, that's just kind where I live. But you were at her house? Yeah. You had sex at her house? Nope. No. You just met her at her house.


Did you immediately take her in your car to your house? I never a You guys hung out. Oh, you didn't have a car? Walked. What did, how did you guys get from her house to your house? Just walked right home. You walked? Yep. How far of a walk was that? About Like three quarters, a mile, something like that. Wow. So not far. Yeah, Not far. Two blocks, something like that. You know, not bad. No. There's a big difference between two blocks. Three quarters of a mile. Okay. This has gone way too far. I've been informed by Red band that it's gone. 21 minutes this interview. Hey. And I don't remember anything about the minute at all, but I'll tell you, you are an unbelievable fucking interview. Thank you very much. You sign up next time. I don't want you to ever wear fucking socks again. You hear me? I won't bro. I'm gonna try to get you out of this bucket again.


There he goes. Alex. Tar Tarun. Wow. Good lord. There's the lovely Heidi. Everybody, she'll knock your socks off. All right. It's a tough, tough follow. Tough to follow. Alex Tarun


This Memorial Day. Turn up the heat with The Home Depot. Find the perfect grill and patio set to keep the cookouts coming all season long. Grill up a feast with the next grill, four burner gas grill only $229. And complete your space with the stylish Glen Ridge Falls seven piece dining set Now on Special Buy for just $499 with free delivery. Take your Memorial Day cookout to the next level all summer long with The Home Depot. See Home depot.com/delivery for more details.


Summer's here and Nordstrom has everything you need for your best dress season ever. From beach days and weddings to weekend getaways in your everyday wardrobe. Discover stylish options under a hundred dollars from tons of your favorite brands like Mango, skims, princess Polly, and Madewell. It's easy too with free shipping and free returns in store order pickup and more. Shop today in stores online at Nordstrom dot com or download the Nordstrom app.


Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket poll goes by the name of Cameron Frisk. Cameron Frisk gets a minute. My buddy's dad just died in a motorcycle accident and then he got super religious after it happened. And he is like, Cameron, I accept Jesus as my one true father. I'm like, nice. Now you got two dads that don't talk to you Jackass. He's like, you wanna come to church? He's like, I'd rather ride on the back of your dad's motorcycle when he crashed. I'm not gonna lie to you.


Everybody tells me my mustache makes me look racist. I was like, wait till you hear my mouth. You're gonna love it. Now, a little bit about me. I I do. I hate reverse cowgirl unpopular opinion. I do. I hate reverse cowgirl. That's just 'cause I love fucking straight cowboys. Where are my fellas at? Horns up boys. Listen, I came here to suck dick and tell jokes and I'm all outta jokes fellows. I didn't get these tonsils removed for nothing. Let's get this golden ticket over with. All right. All right. Don't count your fucking chickens over there.


Cameron. Welcome. How are you? Is this your first time on the show? Second time. I was on like a month ago. Okay, Well welcome back. Thank you. How has life changed since the first time you were on? People have been coming to my work now and coming and being like, Hey, I saw you on KILL TONY, what's Your work again? I work at Piana, the smoothie coffee shop. Oh, okay. Kyle Owns Yeah, we love, we love Prana. It's a great, great place. East Side seventh Street. Yeah. Everybody in my hometown hit me up, which was pretty cool. What's your hometown? Ojai, California. Okay. Yep. The energy vortex. Yes. The energy vortex. Absolutely. It's all coming back to me now. Prana has a lot of like a, it's a, it's a famous place for like hot chicks to go to. Yes. Very famous hot chicks.


Yes. I don't know if they're famous, but tons of hot chicks there for sure. No, The place is famous for having hot chicks. Not famous hot chicks. What he said. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Smoke shows all of them. All right. What do you do for fun, Cameron? I've been traveling like I went to Africa last year. That was the craziest thing I've probably done in a while. What made you go to Africa? I'd never been out of the country other than like Canada for one hour. And me and my girlfriend were like, I was like, I want to go to New York. And she's like, How about Africa? And I was like, perfect. That's a Good Did you keep an eye on her the whole time she was there? I, it's very suspicious. She, she was kind of a hot commodity there. I did talk to like one of the chiefs there and I was like, get a little, get a load of this thing right here.


I was like, I'll trade her four goats. And he like laughed. He's like, haha, three. And I was like, it's not bad. Three goats is lot. Okay. I think you're trying to, it's hard to follow the interviewing style of Alex Tars. Yeah, of course. He is the man. You know Alex? Yeah. He has a crippling gambling in an addiction and I hang out with, get Alex back up here, get Alex back up here. He's such a, this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna trade out your boring white guy interview. Hell yeah. Is Alex still here? Can we obtain him? Let's get a, let's, has Alex become a known commodity at the area where everyone's hanging out waiting to get on the show? He's, he's, he's an earful to talk to. He is the man Where the Alex get out here Ladies and gentlemen.


It's the return, the long awaited return. Does anybody work here? Get Alex Tarun for me. What the fuck is going on? What could he possibly be doing? Well He is half black so he is gonna be late. So yes, he's in the back, but no, he is not here. Tell us, how do you know about his gambling addiction? Guys relax. We were just hanging out and talking and he was like frantically pacing, looking at his phone. It was on like 5% and he was just tweaking. And he is like, I don't know, I think my phone's gonna die. Should I pull out? I might lose a hundred dollars. And I was like, you just have my charger thing. 'cause I kind of wanted to see the gambling continue.


Did he win? I don't think so, no. Wow. I didn't see him finish. It was like a, it was basketball, Huh? Very interesting guy with eight dogs lips by himself. Yeah. It was a crippling gambling addiction. Who would've Thought, I like that. At the end of it he was like, you could have my socks. That's all I have left. What else about Alex? Tell us more about Alex Tar. I'm just gonna interview people. Ask You about, did he tell you guys about his cartoon he made? Oh, Maya. No, he did not. God. Maybe the most racist piece of animation I've ever seen. It's crazy. Honestly, keep going. I don't know what it's called, but it's pretty much Ed Netty with a lot more n words in it.


It's, it's fantastic but it's hard to watch. I love it. Wow. Wow. Yeah. And this is like a comic book? No, it's like full on. Like he drew out the cartoon like not by hand but digitally and then made it into a thing. So it's took him months. It's like an actual cartoon. It's a real ass cartoon. Wow. And he and he shows, showed it to you on his phone? I think he just told me to look it up and I just went in that little rabbit hole and yeah, it was very interesting. That's for sure. Do you remember the plot line or anything like that? It was pretty much, I swear to God it's just pure racism. Most of it. Like, that was pretty much the plot line was Ed, ed Netty, but they're black.


Okay. It's called NN and N. Yeah. Well somebody for the love of God get me Alex Tarun. I need Alex Tarun a in fact, never let him leave again. Let's just keep him, let's keep him, let's do what he does with his eight dogs. Keep him chained up right in the back post. Here's Gonna say ki be far. No, he can't be far. Okay, Cameron, what's the most interesting thing about your life before we get outta here At the moment? I'm pretty sure I might have a child in Denver, Colorado. What makes you say that? Well, when I went to like 14, some girl had sex with me on a boat and then, and then she How old are you now? I'm 27. Okay, so go ahead. And then, and then she got pregnant, but she had a boyfriend at the time, never said anything to me and moved to Denver, Colorado and then I would stalk her Instagram and like keep updates on the photo of the kid to hopefully it started looking like her husband and not me.


That's what I was rooting for. And It's a girl. It's a girl. Yeah. And so is the girls grown up? What does she She have a mustache. Does she looks like the cutest little civil war baby you've ever seen? No, I don't know. I honestly, she deleted her Instagram and I've lost all contact at this point. Wow. What a sad end to a stalker story. She Didn't delete it. She blocked you by the way? Maybe. I don't know. All right. Cameron, what's your living situation? I live in an apartment. It's not a bad one. Bedroom big. I got a fireplace now, which I didn't have in California, so I pretty You Afford that just from working a prana? Barely. Yeah.


Amazing. Yeah, Well, rent's a lot cheaper here. It's like $2,000 and you don't have to live in a garage like you do in California, which sucks, right? That is correct. So I have a fireplace now. Okay, there you go. Cameron. Moving up. What size joke book did you get last time? You I Got a little one. Okay, that sounds about right. Ah, Dammit. Let's give you a medium one. Slow but steady improvements. Appreciate it. Cameron Frisk everybody. There he goes. Let's get through another bucket. Pull here Ladies and gentlemen. It goes by the name of Alex O'Brien. Everybody here comes Alex O'Brien. Woo. Alex O'Brien. Y'all are beautiful. First class. Hi Dollar. I'm gonna be like Nick Cage.


I'm gonna be gone in 60 seconds, y'all. Ma'am, you know what your problem is, not shit. Nothing. You're doing great. You're killing the game. I appreciate you being out here. So I have two things for you. Bank robbers and playing hins. My grandma used to say playing Hins. Oh, we playing Hins. Y'all playing Hins, which meant inappropriately touching something as a kid from another person. Now we didn't play Hins, but we did play doctor a little bit. We we got played doctor a little bit. We'd be like, oh, is your elbow hurt? Lemme get some aloe. Rub that on there real quick. Your your low back hurt. Get some aloe. I'm the doctor. Rub that on. Make you feel good. Make me think about Hins as I'm an adult. I think Hins might have been fucking butt stuff and I think my grandma might have been into that a little bit.


She'd be asking us to play hides. I tell you that to tell you this. The bank robber situation. Bank robber situation is, some of y'all men know about this. It's when you're tucked in your waistband, your opportunity is looking straight up at you. It's goddamn robbing the bank. Just put the fucking money in the bag. Oh my God. It's a dangerous thing to have. So you're playing hiders, you're putting the money in the bag. It's a great thing. What do you got for me, Tony? Okay. Jesus Christ Almighty KIM CONGDON. This Guy is talented as fuck. I'm gonna say it right now. He made 60 seconds. Feel like an hour.


That was beautiful. That's all you Can ask for. Have you ever done standup before? Only fucking five times. Okay. And how, how many times have you signed up for this show? This is my ninth. Ninth time signing up. And your first time on. Correct? That's accurate. God, what do you do for work? Well, I'm a substitute teacher and a comedian. No you're not. Thank You. Thank you so much. I was waiting for that. That felt good. Definitely not got me dialed in. Substitute teacher. How old are you? 38. Okay. What made you start standup now at 38 years old? So I got super good at Coke over Covid, like really good.


I wasn't teaching and I was like, yo man, this stuff is, you know, keeping me occupied and in my house. And so I had to reset my life. And when I did that I said to myself, Jesus, maybe I should just move the fuck outta Seattle where it rains too much and pretend like I'm funny on stage. So far no good. You're the worst. You're the worst. You're adorable, but you're the worst. Where are you originally from? Florida, Seattle, Washington. Oh, That makes sense. That makes perfect sense. What fucking sad seasonal effect disorder come out here. I'm feeling a little bit better. But you still so much right now. No Reeb Bob, How, what happened? Two And half Years. Two and a half years sober. Yeah, I was, I was like borderline schizo.


I was really good At it. I could tell it kind of stuck with you. Some people do enough to where they just kind of stay a certain Way. Maybe that was just the natural effect and it was just enhancing a little bit. Right. Okay. Have you ever met Alex Tarun before? I heard good things. What have you heard My name repeated over and over again and me going, oh, I Anya and backstage and then the person in front of me. That's as much as I've heard. Okay. Right. What's the most interesting thing about your entire life? Nobody has any idea what you talked about for your minute, by the way. Just a bunch of gibberish, Absolute jar jargon. Gibberish. All right. Noted. I appreciate that feedback.


I did a, our background dance. I, I was a background dancer for run DMC one time at a PE conference. I killed it. Alright. You Have one of the most hateable faces I've ever seen. Yeah, I, Let's go, I gotta say, let's go. The Moments when you're yourself and you're an actual douche bag and you like when you did that thing before you did the bit, there's like little glimpses of maybe you could do something there, but you have to go with that douche bag face. You can't hide it. Like we're looking at it Present. Do you ever use it to your advantage? You know, I used to, I was super good at it. Like, you know, not a good person for a while, for Christ's sake. Cocaine. Yeah. But no, not anymore.


So how, what, how would you use it to your advantage? How would I use it? My advantage? I would, I would be like, yo, what's up girl? What's popping? Brand new whip. Just hopped in and then she'd be like, oh, that's God. Oh, are you a heterosexual? Oh fuck, Fuck. There's only one thing to do right now. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back Alex Tar everybody. Thank you so much. Yeah, crowd goes wild. We're upgrading our Alex's the fuck outta here. Alex Tar. The World wants more of you. Since you were gone. Since you've been gone, we heard, we learned that you have a crippling gambling addiction.


Oh Yeah. Who told you that? Even Matt Mulling just gave a good, oh fuck. Like it's like you are a geyser my friend. You are just a flowing vat of natural material. Yeah, we heard about it. We heard about it from Cameron Frisk. You know Cameron? Yeah. He's nice. Yeah. You know, Cameron, so tell us about this gambling problem. Well, basically I figured out right now it's all about the arbitraging. It's all about the what? So you just, you just bet both sides. If you automatically win like a dollar or two and you just keep rolling it over.


But you're meant to do that with millions of dollars on either side. And you We're snowballing. We're snowballing. Are you Sorry. I don't know what to fucking do with this guy. It's the greatest interview of all time. You wanna, you wanna hear a quick story about how I saved someone's life? Yes. Yes. So me and my first pit bull are walking down the, by the river, And I'm looking for my cell phone because I lost it and it's nighttime. And I wanna ask someone if I can call like my phone and their phone, but they, they don't wanna do that 'cause it's nighttime and stuff. So I see this, I see this one guy, and I want to ask him, but I don't, and then I'm walking by the river and I see this body floating in the river.


And I was like, oh my gosh. I run back to Guy, I'm like, Hey, we gotta call like the ambulance and stuff. Like, and he is like, all right. It's like he doesn't believe me necessarily. So we go back to the river, no one's there, but they float under the pier. So I'm like, it's like February and it's like really cold. And I'm like, she'd probably freeze her in there. 'cause she, you know, so, so what I did was I took off all my clothes and I just started going to the river and I, and it was the Hudson River. So I was kind of like, I've never been in here. I dunno how deep it is, but Like, so I just, I thought I get in there and she must have been like, at least two 50, but like in the water, I could still move her. And like, I'm getting her up on like the rocks and stuff. The guy's helping me get her up and stuff. And we get my dog on top. We're trying to warm her up. And then, like, the thing is though, is like when the fire department came and all the amps and stuff, like, I was so proud to tell him like who I was and stuff.


But the, the, the person who helped me, like, he's like, my name is Vivian. And I'm like, whoa. Like, 'cause like the only thing I wanted was like, for like a hot chick to see this. And I'm like, bro, are you a hot chick though? And he was like, yeah, like, I'm transgender. And he's like, yeah, I came to the river to kill myself too, but like, this is my, it's a wonderful life moment, so I'm not gonna do it. And I'm like, that's pretty sweet. That's pretty sweet. Let's talk about this cartoon you made.


Oh, I told you. Never told you what that, alright, so it's basically the black version of Ed. Ed Netty. Yeah. Keep going. Okay. So basically it's called Nig Nigga. Nigga, Thank you.


Keep going. Alright, so it, the episode four is my favorite because it, it has like a buzz lightyear. Like, you remember like when Buzz Lightyear was Mrs. Nesbitt? Sure. Everyone forgets about that, but I had this whole bit about like how like Buzz Lightyear comes back to see his friends and he is like just missing an arm. And he is like wearing like a girl hat and an apron. And then like all the, the characters like, we gotta like get outta here before Buzz infects us with his gay. Before, before we know we'll all have our arms out, our socket wearing a lady hat and you see like Mr. Potato head, like missing an arm. Be like, Hey boys. I've always been Mrs.


Potato Head. You know, where can people find these cartoons up? Plug It. So you gotta go to, you gotta go to, what the hell is my name? Alex Tar Shoe. Yeah. But right now it's purebred Retard on YouTube. That's your name? Yeah. Purebred, like, like the Food, purebred, retard, all one word. Are there any underscores or anything? Bread. Like the food. Oh, Bread. Like the food. Pure br retard. Yeah. What made you go with bread? Like the food on that one was pure bread. Retard, regular taken. Well, I used to be, I used to be in Bread Retard, and then that got me in a lot of trouble, like on Instagram and stuff.


That's the part that you think got you in trouble? Not the retard part. I'm pure the guy With the pinky stole that handle. You know, for a long time I would Google like, like why do I have a mini pinky? But I didn't know how to spell Pinky. Like, I think I usually like to do like PINK, like Y or something like that. Or IE or I don't remember, but like, I can't really spell that. Well, you spelled It wrong. I couldn't spell Pinky for a long time. You're a bad speller. Yeah. Yeah. How bad do you think you are? Pretty bad. I'm more of a math guy. More of a math guy? Yeah. Okay. Are you good at math? Yeah, I do. Okay. Wow. We, Yeah, I did that one. That's me. We found the cartoon. This is incredible. I Do all that.


Yeah, I do a Tar, a tar cartoon. Yeah. That's good. It really is. It is. For those of you wondering what the spelling of this cartoon is. It is NIG comma. N-I-G-G-N-N-I-G-G-A. Thank you. I don't know if I'm allowed to spell that word. We'll see, we'll see. But it is a real cartoon. Wow. I definitely can't say it, but I think I'm allowed to spell it. Thank you. Wow. How many of these have you made? I got Four right now working on part five.


Hell yeah. Incredible. Even your like the, even the like 20th most interesting things about you are so interesting. Hey, hey. You wanna see the feast? They resistance. The what? You wanna see the best part? Yeah. Look. Hey, look at my shoe. Look at my shoe. Ready? What? What Is your shoe broken? Yeah. What size shoe do you Wear? 10. Really? Yeah. Well, All right. Alright. My shoes would be a little too big on you. I was gonna give you my shoes. I'll take, someone's got a size 10 in here. Come on. Who's got a good size? 10. Anybody? Someone give these men your shoes. Look, hold on.


There's a guy in a Hawaiian shirt standing up there. He goes. I think he is. Oh, he is leaving? Everybody. He's leaving. Okay. You got a size 10? No. Twelve's not gonna work. No. He is gonna get an infection in his face. We gonna, you got a pair of tens? Yes. Throw 'em up here. Throw 'em in. Bring them up. Throw 'em up here. Ew. Wait. Those look terrible. No. Pass 'em back. Pass 'em back. He's better off. Better off without. I'll tell you what, here's what I'm gonna do. I am going to give you an automatic minute next week. Woo. And I'm going to present a new pair of size 10 shoes to you.


Yeah. A brand new pair. Yes. And we're gonna go through another interview. This one lasted 10 minutes. You had that to the 21 before. That's 31 minutes. Technically, I do believe with the two combined, you do hold the record for the most interviewed person in the history of the show in a single night. I already gave you a big joke book. There you go. Alex Tarun. Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna keep it moving along. We realize that we haven't had a female comedian here tonight, so we're gonna get one up. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a minute from Lisa Jane Spencer. Make some noise for Lisa Jane Spencer.


Hello. I know I sound retarded, but I'm just Australian. Yeah. So just wondering, are we still pretending white people? Are we still pretending that we don't say the N word? Like when they're not around? Obviously I remember learning about it. I was young. My brother was young and my brother got back from a friend's house and he was, he was talking about this cereal that he had. You guys call it Cocoa Krispies. We call it Cocoa Pops.


But see, he called it NN pops. Yeah. So my mom banned that. Yeah. But yeah, we just learned to hide it. Right. You just learn to hide it. And my favorite is just doing it in the, in the car. You know, listening to Kanye. That's my favorite. I'm I'm talking about eating Nutella. Keep going. Finish it. I'm talking about eating Nutella. Oh, that's it. Yeah. Okay. Alright.


Lisa Jane Spencer, Ladies and gentlemen, we're welcome to the show. Lisa. We're gonna go to our senior Australian correspondent JAMES MCCANN. I know. Lisa, you've dishonored our country. These people already think we're extremely racist because of our racism. I was just talking About Nutella though. Nut. I was just, I was just talking about eating Nutella. I didn't understand. Can you tell me what it meant? Okay, well I was alluding to the Yeah, the N word, but actually, but actually I was talking about Nutella. You were saying Nutella. The N word that you weren't meant to say was Nutella. Yeah. Nettella. You guys, the, the two Australians are creating some kind of feedback here, it seems.


And I, I, I had, I, I did have an ending of it, but I didn't Yeah, you had an ending to the Joke. I did have an ending. Okay. What was the ending of the joke that I asked you to do? And You just said I was gonna Na tell three Times. Yeah, I was gonna say relax. I'm just Australian. We just call Croy. Okay. Red band. Red band. Okay. You're just Australian. What? We just Call each other. That's right. Very good. We Do, We're gonna have to bleep that one. Why? That's another bleep. Even in Australia, even in, when an Australian says that it, it counts even though you guys, You can probably say poof to though.


Yeah. Poof. Is our, I But I don't think YouTube knows about PTA yet. They YouTube's robots don't know about Poofter. What does that mean exactly? Sort of a light in the loafers type individual sort. It means gay. You're gay. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Where are you from in Australia? Melbourne. Terrible city. I know, I know. I apologize. Oh, I love Melbourne. You love Melbourne? I love Melbourne. How my favorite city in Australia. It is nice. There's like nice parts of it. Like the peninsula. Dandenong Rangers? No, I had an engagement breakdown in Melbourne. It's a shit city and I, I can't say enough bad things about it. They monopolize our football, they stole our Grand Prix.


They talk down on the people of Adelaide. Shame on Melbourne. Wow. 10. But, but there's not a lot of Nutellas. There's actually Kim. Exactly. After the South Sudanese war, there was a huge influx of Nutellas into Melbourne. And they have changed the game in Australian football. Every team has a great big seven foot Nutella now out there. Yeah. Yeah. How long have you been in America? Literally Like four days. Four days? Yeah. Yeah. What's the weirdest thing about America so far?


The weirdest thing? Yeah. Okay. Well I, last night I was standing next to a truck that was like double the size. Yeah. And that like a normal car. Yeah. No. I dunno why they made trucks so big here. They just made 'em big enough to kill children without knowing about it. Yeah. And they, they want 'em big enough to kill a basketball playing Nutella. Do you know what I'm saying about these trucks are too? It's too much. I apologize. And Have you ever seen a half Italian half Nutella before? Let me show you one. Ladies and gentlemen. This is Alex Tar everybody. Oh. I don't know which one's more creeped out by the other right now.


Having quite the standoff. She looks scared to death by the way. I dunno what's happening. It's okay. This guy is one of the most interesting people in the history of the show. You gotta be scared of 40% of me. You only have to be scared of 40% of 'em. Ha. Have you ever seen anything like that on the streets of Melbourne? No. No. She looks genuinely frightened. I don't know if the cameras are picking it up. Al Alex, have you ever hung out with an Australian person before? No, not yet. Wow. Look at this. Absolutely incredible.


If you were going to take her on a, on a date, where would you take Lisa? Jane Spencer. You remember the Jets? It's a pizza place on Lamar. I do Like pizza. Yeah, You like pizza? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, you're in VIIa retreat, Man. We got a very on love on the spectrum happening right here on kill time. That's true. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Do you like dogs? What? Do you like dogs? Dogs. I love Dogs. What kind of do you like do How many dogs do you love?


What would be a reasonable number of dogs for a man to have? Just One. One. Oh, we got No, I don't, I don't have a dog. I don't, I used to have a dog, but a died. This Man's got eight dogs. I just want to let You, he's got eight dogs. Oh, What are you into? Anything weird sexually. Like two in the pink, half in the stink. This is very rude. He has a, he has a funny hand. Not that he has a funny hand. He's got a weird pinky. Yeah. She is scared to death. Ladies and gentlemen, again, when she faces you guys, she starts to smile and everything. But when she looks directly at him, there's a specific like ghostly look that comes over her face of concern.


It's true. I wish we had like a reverse camera. I guess we can't really do it. Lisa, I want you to know this is just what America's like. It's like this every single day forever. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I know. I was at that show last night. I've forgotten. Alex, let me ask you a question. After you took her to Jet's Pizza, then what would you do with her? I'd probably bring her in my van. Alex Australians love Vans. Dude, I, I don't, no, I don't date van people. So he doesn't, here's the twist is that, that's just a great, every question I ask him is brilliantly answered. He doesn't live in his van. He has his own place. Eight dogs and an air mattress.


Look how proud, look how proud he is. He loves his life. He's about to get pussy. Dude, he's so cool. I'm buying him a new pair of shoes. I've never even done that before. 12 years we've been doing this show. I'm buying him fucking new kicks. Hey you. Oh yeah, definitely. I'll buy you shoes. Wow. Alex, look at this ab, what you gonna do? Skin the dogs. You've got no way to look at this. You've heard of love at first sight. This is fear at first sight. A sweet little Australian who did n word jokes. Now looking at a half pinky inbred Nutella.


Okay, Lisa, just 'cause I'm in a good mood, I'm gonna give you a big joke book. You don't really deserve it for any reason, but I'm just, Alex Tar has made, brought me so much joy here tonight that you're leaving with a big joke book. How about one more time for Lisa Jane Spencer. And How about one more time for the final time? Alex Tar Shoot. Everybody guys been signing up for fucking Ever over a year. Wow. Wow. The crowd is on their feet. People on the balcony are standing up. This is chaos.


Alright, we'll see you next week. Alex. There's only one way to end an episode like this. And you damn well know that it has to be the ringer of all ringers. The Memphis Strangler. It is the vanilla gorilla, the one and the only, the big red machine, the Hall of Famer. This is William Montgomery. And by the way, if you love Ed Netti, you're gonna love Alex's very racist cartoon. I've actually been a backer.


I've given him a lot of money. It's a wonderful cartoon. Will it happen? Virginia Gey got suicided this past week in Australia after having been hit by a school bus going 80 miles an hour a couple weeks before. In the immortal words of Hillary Clinton. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. So the Philadelphia Eagles drafted a guy named Jihad Campbell. My mask may be off, but wasn't he born after nine 11? And they named him Jihad Campbell. He's an explosive linebacker, really willing to sacrifice his body peel fast.


I mean, he's fast in college. I heard he bang 99 virgins. And if you think the New York giants can tower over him, he will fly right into them two at a time. If he launches into two people hard enough, a third might fall down if folks will claim it was a controlled demolition. Also, there's a rumor. Mossad knew about Jihad Campbell, but failed to warn the Patriots. Okay, I ain't taking no shit. That's my impression of a constipated man. Okay.


Wow. Wow. Damn. We know who the interview of the night was, but my God, let there be no question. The set of the night goes to the man who's Done it, dump it, Tony, more than anybody. Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of times. And meanwhile, here he comes, swinging his sledgehammer of destruction yet again. And you did it with a durag on And further record. This thing smells like shit, Tony. No, I'm kidding. Alex is so funny. But I swear I was smelling his ass and I was like, oh my God, is he gonna let me wear this?


And then he put it on me and I'm like, dude, this smells like shit. Yeah. It smells like eight fucking dogs living at the apartment with you. Eight dogs and a lot of pizza. Yeah. My goodness. But totally worth it. The hardest. I've laughed all night was on your entrance, your material followed the entire way through an entire 60 seconds of laughter. Well, it's so all gas no breaks. The big red machine has arrived So nice to be here. It's all the, it's all the rowing I've been doing. Tony, I'm at 200,000 meters already in this month. Okay. Tony. Wow.


I'm up to over 500,000 meters since January. Wow. So I am going, and then I almost broke my big toe, I think a couple days ago I was moving some piece of equipment and it fucking fell right on my big toe. Oh my goodness. It hurts So bad. Let me just warn you. You might have a face infection in no time. Especially, I hope Naty also had a staph infection. Did he had a staph infection? Somebody else? I don't know. Cellulite. It's a, basically, cellulitis is kind of an extension of that. I think a lot of you know that I'm a Canadian doctor, so you know, we're all, You gotta put him down.


We're not going down that path again. Okay. So William, you look fantastic. You're absolutely glowing, if I could say so. Have you been on tour? I have. I was in Virginia Beach, Virginia this past weekend. It was a wonderful time. I ended up eating a whole bunch of seafood. And Tony, I'm serious. I don't think I'm ever really gonna stop eating the seafood. I love some seafood. I was eating some of the fried shrimp. Ooh. What, what other, what are some kind of, what are some other kind of seafood That fuck I was eating. Fucking fried flounder. Ooh. I was eating fried grouper. Oh my God. I was eating fried red fish.


Wow. And hush puppies hush. Which is also like a fried breading bread. Wow. But yeah, it was really good. And I walked on Virginia Beach and had a really good time. And it, honestly, I felt like I was in Mogadishu or something. It seemed kind of crazy. I'm looking out at the ocean as this just big fucking ships cra cruising around everywhere and just the people on the beach. It's like, where am I? But I loved it in Virginia Beach. Everybody that came to see me was great. What? What? What about Mogadishu? It's just, I swear I just had like this, like this feeling of where, what fucking country am I in? It just looked like crazy looking out.


Oh, there's, there's JAMES MCCANN. Your fellow. Your fellow. I know. It is so nice to see fellow ginger friend. I, You look so cool with the Durag. Thank you so much, man. I think you could get away with it. 'cause I feel like I can get away with it right now. So I think you could get away with It. Yeah. I'm afraid that there's stuff in it, like a flea or something. Or James, let's switch hats. I think you could. No, I don't think there's any particular, let's switch hat. Oh. Oh, the crowd wants it. James. Wow. Oh My God, That's great. Oh, Oh, oh my God.


Wow. JAMES MCCANN. I think his Pinky's getting shorter in real time. James, Somehow you look totally different than everything. Shut your bitch ass fuck. Anyway. Excuse me, I He's a whole new man. This is the new James McCann. Oh, now's the time to say it, but I'm too afraid. Hey, I was a cow. My ninja. Yeah. Nutella.


I'll regret that for the rest of my life. Yep. Damn. No, I won't do it anymore. I think that was a pretty bad mistake, James. We got. I can't believe he got back. The Durag is too powerful. Gimme my hat Back. JAMES MCCANN is on a USA tour. Get tickets@jdfmccann.com. William Lights out. Montgomery has done it again. Ladies and gentlemen, he's on tour. Kim Conan's on tour. Kim Congdon dot com with A-C-O-N-G-D-O-N.


She's a Brea May 14th, Oxnard May 15th. JAMES MCCANN is everywhere. It is a true American tour. Again, JDF McCann with two ns.com. She has three Ns now. Shit, the feel free to bleep that. Maybe it's one of the parts of the show that just stays in the room. Express. VPN, ZipRecruiter. PrizePicks and Kova is the drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in. It is incredible. How about one more time for the best damn band in the Land Red Band, check Out the sunset strip atx.com.


Love you guys. No doubt about it. Here we go. London, England, Madison Square Garden. Everything's right around the corner. A lot of other fun stuff. Another more huge announcements and everything nonstop with this goddamn show. Somehow it just continues. On and on. We go live audience. Thank you. We love you. Thank you. Goodnight everybody. JAMES MCCANN. Kim Congdon.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.9 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply


Going on now. It's the Memorial Day sale at Bray Scarf. Now's your last chance to beat upcoming manufacturer price increases. Save up to 35% on select GE profile and cafe appliances and save on in-stock GE refrigerators and bestselling washers and dryers. Plus get next day delivery online delivery day tracking and delivery day installation. Visit any of brand scarfs convenient locations or shop online@brandscarf.com where it doesn't cost more to get more.


Christopher Nolan bong. June ho. Sean Baker. They have all won the Academy Award for Best Director. What else do they have in common? They all got their start at the Slam Dance Film Festival just like us. Hi, I'm Janet Gallagher. And I'm Michael Gallagher. And we're launching the Slam Dance First Film podcast. It's a weekly interview series where we sit down with your favorite filmmakers to get a mini masterclass in the secrets to making your first feature film on The Slam Dance First film podcast. You will listen to guests like filmmaker Sean Baker, the writer and director of a Nora teach you how to make a movie for $3,000 with a two person crew. Or listen to the Russo Brothers directors of Avengers End Game teach you about how melding minds with your collaborators can create exponential success. Subscribe to the Slamdance First Gum podcast for free. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, or wherever you're listening now.