
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony Hinchcliffe. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Greg Company line from the Vulcan Gas Company here in Austin, Texas For a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony. It S Ready for The best fucking night of their lives, huh? Wow. What an amazing response. Lot of cross arms in the house tonight.


Very exciting. This a red band, everybody. What that? And how about one more time for the best damn band in the land? Huh? That is Michael Gonzalez on the drums. Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa. This is Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. Jon Deas on The Keys. And that is D Madness on the bass guitar. Ladies and gentlemen, very exciting, very sober crowd here tonight. Very exciting. It seems very tight in here. Should be fun. How do you guys feel? Is everybody okay? Alright, good. Before we get tonight's episode started, which is brought to you by Express VPN Via an Incogni, here's a little bit more from the other amazing sponsors that made it all possible.


Shop 4th of July savings at The Home Depot right now and Get up to 40% off. Plus up to an extra $600 off select appliances with free delivery like Samsung from all in one washer. Dryers to smart refrigerators. Upgrade to tech you can trust with Samsung appliances. The Home Depot has what you need to simplify your routine. Don't miss 4th of July. Appliance savings at The Home Depot. Free delivery on appliance purchases of $396 or more. Offer valid June 18th through July 9th. US only C store online for details.


Summer's here and Nordstrom has everything you need for your best dress season ever. From beach days and weddings to weekend getaways in your everyday wardrobe. Discover stylish options under a hundred dollars from tons of your favorite brands like Mango Skims, princess Polly, and Madewell. It's easy too with free shipping and free returns in-store. Order pickup and more. Shop today in stores online at Nordstrom dot com or download the Nordstrom app.


Savor every last drop of summer with Starbucks. From bold refreshers to rich cold brews. The sunniest season only gets better with the handcrafted ice beverage in your hand. Available for a limited time. Your summer favorites are ready at Starbucks.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's episode? All right. Every single week, I have two of the funniest comedians in the world on this show. This week is no different. It's a very, very exciting special episode in which one of the panelists is one of the most famous comedians in the history of the show. A KILL TONY Hall of Famer, and the other one. It is her very first time on panel. She is in the front running position of having the joke of the year. So this is a big deal watching someone be elevated from the bucket to the panel.


Make some noise for tonight's panel. Ladies and gentlemen, it is The Roast God, DAVID LUCAS and Christina Mariani, everybody, Her first time on panel, One of the best joke writers and performers in Austin, Texas. And there he's my best friend And arch nemesis, David Lucas. For those of you that dunno, We make fun of each other. Famously, I, I think it's over like 2000 hours. I've called you gay so much. People believe It. It's true. I've called you fat so much. People believe it, including your doctor.


So it's very exciting. Only nigga that don't think I'm fat is D Madness. 'cause he can't see. I think he can hear it. Just right deed. Does David sound fat to you? Strong head nod. The glasses lit up for that one. DAVID LUCAS has a podcast fishing with David. He's on tour DAVID LUCAS comedy.com and makes some noise. Her first time on panel. One of the most famously nervous comedians in the world here joining us for the entire episode. Christina Mariani. Say hi to everybody. Christina. Hi. Can, can we juice up that mic a little bit?


What is that? Mic three say hi again. Hi. Yeah, there she is. Look at that. Adorable. Christina is here. She's on tour as well. Christina mariani.com. One of the biggest jokes ever in the show's history. Famously she Right Black eye crossing the street. Yeah. And then you think she crosses the street because she thinks that the black guys Wait. No, I I fucked it up. Oh yeah, yeah. You know it. We'll put. We'll put it in right here. It's right here. I learned that racism is passed down generationally, so it's internalized, which makes sense.


I was walking home, it was late at night and this black guy walks towards me and instinctively I grabbed my purse, even though logically I know he's not for sale. He did steal my wallet though. And now we're back. Alright, Christina, welcome to the show. You've seen it, you've been on it multiple times.


Over 185 people tonight. Little bit less signups here at Vulcan Gas Company than at the mothership. Only about 20 or 30 less. But it's going down. It's happening right now. Live. They signed up. If I pull their name out, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know, their time is up and you hear the sign of a kitten, that means they have to wrap it up then or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts them. And then I conduct an interview with them and we figure out more about them. Absolutely anything can happen. The entire thing's improvised and it should be a lot of fun. You guys ready to start tonight's show. This place doesn't have the rock and roll energy that it used to have.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show? Yes. Very good. Let's get some, why don't you guys order some fucking shots of tequila or something. Loosen up a little bit. This is a fucking, I could tell there's a lot of Westlake people that fucking, a lot of rich kids made the drive to be here tonight. Trying to fucking go to a fancy dinner after this or something. I don't know what's happening, but let's have some fun. We're gonna start the show with the bang. One of our longest ever 10 year golden ticket winners. Ladies and gentlemen here with a brand new minute. This is Enrique Chacon. Everybody. Enrique CHONe.


Everyone. Wow. Excited. Make some noise for Enrique. Everybody. What the fuck's up? My girlfriend, she froze her eggs recently for family planning. Right? Turns out that shit costs $14,000. Man, I guess these egg prices really are high nowadays. You know what I'm saying? I could tell who's been shopping, dude, I heard a Spaniard guy speak Spanish in Texas and that shit didn't sit right with me, man. It sounded gay as fuck.


Like bro, that sounds like the British battle rap of, of Spanish. You know, I'm used to that Mexican Spanish in Texas. You know where it sounds like a weed whacker starting, you know, if the Spanish doesn't sound like a car missing, its catalytic converter, man. I don't wanna hear it, dude. Anyways, that's been my time, bro. Thank you so much. Exactly. One minute. Nailing it on the time tonight. Welcome back, Enrique. Thank You. Tony. Did your girl really freeze her eggs? She did.


And I know the doctor was all up in her vagina, bro. And it made me uncomfortable, dude. Really? Is the doctor a guy? It was a guy, a white guy. Oh boy. Somehow That made it worse. If you could have any type of guy inspecting your girlfriend's vagina, what kind of guy would it be? If you could pick your own gynecologist? Probably one of like those, those tranie from Thailand, bro. What do they call them? Those boy toys? Not a boy toy. God dammit. Red man, lady boy. Yeah, lady boy. I'll have a lady boy do that procedure, bro. You know? So you would like a feminine man to do it? That or me. Which I, I think I qualify as a feminine man. What the fuck?


That's true. Fat tets. There they are. There they Are. That'll be a dollar bill. Fuck. Hell yeah. Absolutely. Sweating profusely as always. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it wasn't gonna happen today, bro. I sweat it out in the morning, dude. You know what I'm saying? And then doing chores, cutting wood and shit, bro. But nah dude, I'm still dripping. You cut wood? Yeah. For what? For bonfires. Marshmallows, dude. Fuck it. Marshmallows. Marshmallows melted chocolate. It's all just snacks for you. Nothing that has anything to do with like nature or sustenance.


It's just Sure nature's cool too. Yeah. Hell yeah. So you cut wood and then you make s'mores. Make S'mores, dude. Or put some chicken on a stick, bro. Throw it in the coals, you know, chicken On a stick. Yeah. You've done that? Yeah, I'm Latino, bro. We barbecue dude. And you put it on a stick. Put it on a stick ish. Kaba. I think that's how you say it, dude. You know my English, she my English. No, no, not too my English. She, She kaba. Dude, I chicken on a stick. Wow. Do you dip the chicken in something? You go just straight chicken, Sweet, sweet, raised barbecue sauce.


You know what I'm saying? David? Sweet. I don't, I'm shocked. All Right. I'm just happy that there's another fat guy, Tony. It grow, so I'm happy. Hey, You know what? You made me feel a little self-conscious too, you know? Fuck, I thought you were gonna say you dipped the chicken in your sweat. That's disgusting. All right, Come on. This ain't Indio anyway. I shouldn't have said that. Fuck. I shoulda have said that. Fuck y'all. The Instagram reels are ridiculous. All right. Wow. So you cut wood. What are some more chores that you do? I can't picture you doing any of this shit, by the way. This is why I stopped drinking, dude, you know what?


I have 17 animals at my property right now that I have to fucking feed, man. Can I get some of them fucking food stamps, bro? Because it's tough. Dude. I have a six goats right now, dude. I have four chickens, two ducks, four cats, four dogs and two squirrels apparently that I'm feeding, dude. Well, Amy, we all have squirrels, but yeah, Thought I was Why do you have two ducks? Two? I don't know, man. They was just so fucking cute at the tractor supply, bro. You know what I mean? I just have to get them bitches, dude. And now I'm waiting, waiting for, And they just kind of run around and hang out with each other? No, I live in, I live in the backwoods of Austin, right in the country. So like, man, I have coyotes and hawks and shit, so they have to be like securely locked down, you know?


It's very like post-apocalyptic survival, you know, kind of thing. Huh? And it's be, be taken care of, all of them, bro. I'm a good Latino father dog. You guys do always have big families. Let's talk about the squirrels for just a second here. 'cause that one stood out to me. They just kind of stumbled in the neighborhood, or do you have like tags on 'em? You keeping track of 'em? Man, I, I have this one squirrel dude. She comes in front of my window every day, bro. And she's pregnant too, right? It's not mine. And she got like the biggest fucking olas on her, bro. And Oh shit, I've been staring at this squirrel for like 30 minutes a day, 40 minutes a day, you know, before I actually have to go and do the shit that I have to do, you know, to make, to make some money.


Wow. Absolutely incredible. How, what are you planning on doing with the squirrel babies when they come? I Don't know. Hopefully they can help me with some of these house chores, you know what I'm saying? Nothing, just probably just feeding everybody, bro. It's, I'm, I'm a, a Latino man, but I also feel like I will lead to inside, you know, just wanna feed everything. You are adorable. Christina. You're a quiet, sweet little spirit. Have you ever seen anybody sweat quite as much as Enrique Chacon is sweating right now. No, but I think he wins. I dunno. Listen, is Christina look AI generated, bro. Get the fuck outta here, dog.


She AI open here, bro. She just have to refresh her browser to get dressed and shit. This gonna be about an hour, bro. I'm like, now I'm not gonna wear that mint green shirt, dude. Everybody's gonna seal my sweats up to down my titties right here anyways. You're a wet front. Yeah. Wet front you son of a bitch. All right, Enrique, you're a golden ticket winner. You got it all going for you. You got the show started. Congratulations. Thank you, man. Thank you so much. Appreciate y'all. And here we go to the bucket. To the bucket.


We go. Your first name. We're gonna meet 'em all together. This looks like, I feel like we've seen this person before. Make some noise for Rachel McMillan, everybody. Rachel McMillan. Rachel, here's Rachel McMillan. Everybody make some noise for Rachel. I am adopted. I was raised by white people, but I'm Mexican. I'm not sure if I came with any papers. So my favorite sport is cross country because I'm Mexican.


My mom taught me how to mow a lawn before she taught me about safe sex. That's why I have two kids and a bald pussy. Growing Up, my dad would punish me by spanking me with his fraternity paddle. Now I can't come without being hazed, but I can read classical Greek. All right. My family, they love Disney World. They've been to Disney World like eight times. Save even been to the Disney World in Japan, but they're getting a little outta control. They have a transgender whale now.


They named him Maybe Dick. All right, thank you so much guys. All right. Rachel, Mick Mellon. All right, Rachel. Hi. Hey, how long you been doing standup comedy? Four years. Four years? Yes. Where at? Outta Houston, Texas. All of it in Houston? Yes. That's where you're from? Yes, sir. And that's where you live now? It is, yeah. Do you have a family? I do. Okay. Tell us about them. What's that like? I Have two teenage boys. We talked about it last time that I was on the show. You made endless fun of me for maybe me not knowing if I was the mother of them because I Why would I, why?


I'm a, I'm a recovering addict and Oh yeah. Oh, awesome. I said one of the weirdest things about getting sober is you find out you have kids, right? Yeah. Okay. Yes. It's all coming back to me now. Sure. What were you addicted to? What do you got? Okay. I was like addicted to pain medication. A little mixed with a little bit of heroin. If you, okay. Yeah. We can all relate to What was your bottom, when did you know that you needed help? Really?


God. Are you still on heroin? No, I'm not Nine years sober. No. I guess One year sober. Nine. Yeah. Nine. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I was gonna say one year sober. The shit could be over tonight here on Sixth Streets. Shaky Territory. Fingers crossed. I guess I just, you just know when you've had enough, like it just, it didn't, it. I was done. I was just done. I, I'd been to rehab maybe one too many times. I don't know. But yeah, I just, and and what do you do now to fill the time and the, and the space of the greatest feeling in the world being on heroin?


Have you tried it? No. I just know. I know, I know. Okay. I know that because I, that's why I haven't tried it. 'cause I know that I, if I tried it, I would just do it all the time. Yeah. Obviously you didn't know that before you tried it. Well, That's what you, I've heard rumors that it's the greatest thing in the world from everybody that's tried it. Good. It is. Yeah. I actually recently started drifting, drifting cars, so, No way. Yes, sir. Yeah. Wow. What, how did you get into that? Are you dating a Persian guy? I'm, I'm actually dating or engaged to a guy who's 16 years younger than me.


So if I do my math correctly, I've been sucking dick longer than he's been alive, so. Wow. I've been saving to say that. That's incredible. Where'd you meet this guy at? I met him through friends, actually. We went to a haunted house That on our first date. Date, A haunted house was your first date? It was our first date, but it's how we met. Yeah. Did you make a move on at the haunted house? Yeah, I put on a mask and I was like, I'm your new mom. No, I am. I did not make a move on him then. No. Have you always been into younger guys? Or is this a new thing? I mean, I guess this is a new thing. Yeah. 16 years is quite the age gap. So what do you notice that's different between dating a guy 16 years younger than you and a normal guy?


A normal guy? Yeah. Like a guy your age. Oh. Like a guy that's mature. I don't know. I just, I think that there's a lot of, of, he has a lot of great qualities. Good moral compass. Same path. What does he do for work? He's actually a roofer. He works in a, for a roofing company, has his own company, so. Wow. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. My goodness. I could, I could see why that would work out. He could Work on, Hey, he's working out pretty well. We're doing All Right. He works on roofs. You've hit bottom before. That's right. Okay. Rachel, how do you make money? I work as a paralegal. A paralegal in the legal field?


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And what do you, what, what are these kids up to? How old are they again? 18 and 19. Okay. Yeah. So what are they doing? Are they in school? One is actually trying to go to aviation school, so, okay. Yeah. And the other one, You guys love getting high in your family. That's about as high as you can get. Yeah. Flying Points. What's the other one up to? The disappointing one. He, the, He's Not disappointed. I know if aviation schools first, the other one's trying mom's old fucking Vicodin. I mean, he just likes to have girlfriends and make my life a living hell with his girlfriends.


Explain to us, there's a lot of moms out there that love this show. Explain to us how the sun is making your life. Hell. Okay. Well, one of the first things he said when he started dating this hooker. No, this girl, this very nice girl, sorry. Hooker's name is Chelsea. He, he said, Don't worry, let's be real. Why don't you like the girl? I don't dislike her. I just don't like You definitely don't like her. That's, there's no point in like, trying to backtrack now. Hey man. And she's already seen this part of the show she's watching right now. And she's like, well, whatever she says next, can't be worse than that. I bought, okay, you already called her a hooker.


Literally in front of millions of people. You see that little red light out there? I see the red Light. Yeah. She, well, she's watching you through that. Okay. What she, I bought my kids LSU sweatshirts. 'cause they're a big LSU family on the dad's side. And she, she took it, you know, she took the sweater. I had to go to the house and make a big scene about getting the sweater back. It Was, it's like a hoodie. It's a hoodie, yeah. So you're mad because you gave your son a hoodie. I'm upset because there's a lot of, you know, conflict between the two. And they've been off and on for a couple of years, so, and the first thing that she, one of the first things she said was like, I'm on birth control, don't worry. And I'm like, you're can't even drive a car yet.


Fuck you. You know? Wait, she can't drive a car. Well, I'm just saying, she's so young and she's telling me she's on birth control. I'm getting already a little frustrated. No, this is, this is very good. I'm glad that we're talking about this. I love this. I think be one, I think I'm crushing this interview, by the way. So she told you that she's on birth control. She's like, Hey, everything's good. Don't, don't worry, mom, don't worry. Yeah. I'm on birth control. And you were like, you didn't like that. Don't you think that she was comfortable enough to share with you that, and that she's just telling you? Well, he chimed In like later on. Don't worry, mom. She's, and I'm like, this is a conversation that you and I can have apart from, you know, you just telling me that's like the first great thing about this girl.


No, that's, Well, I mean, it is pretty. Hey, fucking awesome. I Mean, dad. Oh yeah. Dad, where's the fucking guideline in here, dad? All right. Everybody loves nut inside of things dude. And your son does too. How does that make you feel knowing that your son is blasting roots into a woman that you call a hooker? Sometimes. I bet he blasts inside of her and the only thing she's wearing is that LSU hoodie that you fucking, I hope so. It's a good college. Yeah. Every once in a while he just fucking, yeah, fucking For sure. For sure. But luckily he is not getting it on the hoodie that you're so worried about. 'cause it's all going inside her fucking it's Going.


That's good. Cold vagina. All right, Rachel. Man, I blacked out. Well, fun times Rachel. You got through it, you know, it's, you gotta fucking, you know, I wanna hear more about this. I wanna hear more about the drugs and stuff. That may be dick joke I've heard a couple times before, but it's okay. Yeah. You know what I mean? So try to take chances. Right? Don't try to please the people. Talk about your stuff. Your life. Yeah. Rachel McMillan everybody. Thank you. There she goes. We're gonna keep it moving along here. This is a, this is definitely a new name. I love new names.


But then again, everybody's new when you can't remember if they've been on the show before. You know what I mean?


This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN. Watching TV without express VPN is like trying to travel to the the world. Without a passport, you are not going to get very far. That's because streaming services like Netflix only show you a fraction of their huge global library of content. Netflix hides content from you based on your location and express. VPN lets you change your online location so you can control where you want Netflix to think you're located. It's so easy to use. Just fire up the app and click one button to change locations. Plus it works on all your devices, like phones, laptops, tablets, smart TVs and more. Not to mention it's rated number one by top reviewers like CNET and The Verge. Hey Band Tony. I love Express VPN. It lets me watch all my favorite British shows I can't watch here in the States. It was so easy. All I had to do is open up Express VPN, select uk, tap one button refresh Netflix and there it was. So be smart. Stop paying full price for streaming services and only getting access to a fraction of their content. Get your money's worth@expressvpn.com slash kone. Don't forget to use our link@expressvpn.com slash KILL. TONY, you get an extra four months of Express VPNF.


Remember when you could function on four hours of sleep? Huh? Do you remember? Well those days are gone, but don't worry v's. Got something to help you sleep like a log or at least stop waking up feeling like one half a million happy customers. Can't be wrong. Via is changing the game in natural wellness. Combining high quality hemp derived ingredients with powerful cannabinoids to create real effect driven results. And here's the best part. Via lets you customize your experience, whether you're looking for daily wellness, laser focus, or deep relaxation via has it. If you're 21 and older, treat yourself to 15% off and get a free gift with your first order using our exclusive code tony@viahemp.com. Plus enjoy free shipping on orders over $100. That's via hemp.com. V-I-I-A-H-E-M p.com Tony. And of course, I love the food options that via have I take their gummies before bed. I personally love their VIIa products range from zero to a hundred milligrams of THC. It's nice to know whether I'm looking for a microdose or a moer potent effect Via has me covered a mo Mo potent. You are mo potent. If you're 21 or over, check out the link to Via in our description. Use code Tony to receive 15% off free shipping on orders over $100. And if you're new to via, get a free gift of your choice after you purchase. When they ask you where you heard about them, please support our show and tell them we sent you an enhance your every day with via.


Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for your next bucket Pool. Nolan Gustine, priest Orris or priest Nolan Guine. Make some noise for Nolan. Everybody. I'm into persistent dogma, otherwise, I'm just trying to say I'm religious. I am really into the idea of group convincing other people that they're always wrong. That's a hard power to pass up.


I've also been dabbling in addiction as of lately when it comes to suspicion coming around. And it always does. 'cause you move funny and you act funny when you're high. I've come up with a master plan. Just gonna blame my siblings. You got No, he doesn't got it. The fuck are you talking about?


Shut up. I'm talking during people's fucking sets. Hello, Nolan. Hey, this is exciting. We went from a former heroin addict to a current one. Oh, very rarely does that happen on this show. Must have been a matter of minutes since you last shot up. Never tried it. You never tried heroin. No, buddy. You might as well. There is no reason for you to not be on heroin right now. You look like you're on heroin. You do comedy like you're on heroin. Nolan, welcome to the show. How long have you been attempting standup comedy? This Is my third week. Third week, okay.


What made you wanna start a month ago? I've was a class clown growing up and I just, I was used to be afraid to do this because I just didn't want to deal with my family's judgments around it. And after many years it just came down to fuck them. I'm gonna do me. So, Wow. Look at that. I love it. Okay, DAVID LUCAS, I feel like you just killed a cat before you came here. That's the Timo version of Jesus. That's where, hallelujah. Yeah, that's, bro, you, you have such like a red rum energy. It's so weird.


You ever started a coat? I'm willing to. You got a van? I used to live in One. Yeah, I could tell nigga. And you smell like it. That's what, How old are you Nolan? 27. 27. What do you do for work Right now? I'm just a disabled comic. Okay. What's disabled about you? I went through testicular cancer a couple years ago and I had to give up a nut for this shit. Wow. Testicular cancer. Wow. So how did you find out that you had it? Take us through the process. This is a lot of people's biggest fears. Were you showering and you felt something was, take us through the process.


Nolan. All right, so this is kind of fucked up, but I shit you not, for the longest time, it was like the size of an my right nut, which had the most cancer had. It was the size of like an avocado. It didn't hurt for a while though, so I just didn't want to tell people about a sensitive subject. Even though like, I like being funny and morbid and I just couldn't bring myself to talk about it. So eventually I start telling people and most people are saying the same thing, get it checked out. I'm like, nah, fast it away. Smoke a reefer, I'm good. I don't need it. That was bullshit. So eventually went to the hospital because I woke up in just 10, outta 10 pain, screaming.


The people I was living with heard me called my parents, who I hadn't spoke to in a while. They even said, what the hell are you doing? Get to the hospital and that day and find it out. And even after the original diagnosis, I was still like, All right, let me ask a bunch of people, get different opinions. Holy shit. And yeah, they gave me six months to live. So I was like, I'm gonna go ahead and go with the traditional bullshit. That ended up saving my life. Of course. Yes. No doubt about it. I have 14 follow up questions. If you had to guess how long it was from when you noticed originally your one testicle getting bigger than the other, all the way down to that day, going to the hospital.


If you had to guess ballpark, how long that was. Literally ballpark. That was an accident, by the way. If you had to ballpark the ball. I didn't know the balls. Long Year. Two years. Yeah. I didn't know the balls to talk about it for the first year and a half. So between that and two. Wow. Incredible. And had the cancer spread to the other ball by that point. Luckily not just to the, what's the lymph nodes that are all around my body, which was pretty scary. But they said it's, I'm in remission. So. Amazing. How long ago was this? About two and a half years ago. Two and a half years ago. And you haven't had it since? Not that I know of. Incredible. And the one ball acts as two right now, right?


Yeah, I actually met one of the nurses along the journey and she said her brother had it and he ended up having three healthy kids. So I'm hoping I can do the same. Wow. Incredible. So you're looking forward to having children at some point? Yeah. I'm gonna get tested first or I'll just adopt. 'cause I don't wanna mess nobody's future up just 'cause I want kids. But I'd like to, You could probably find a good girl out there on birth control wearing an LSU hoodie. Brian Redban, what did your voice sound like before you lost the ball? Yeah, good question. Similar. Similar. Good question. It was definitely similar. I do feel a little bit less aggressive though, but I don't recommend it.


Right. What do you do for work Before this? Disabled I, I was doing solar panels. Okay. Solar panels. So you were out there getting a lot of sunlight? Pretty much, yeah. And the panels were underneath you reflecting upward. Do you think this had anything to do with the cancer? That and I always wore a kilt. You wore a kilt? No, I'm just playing. But yeah, that, that could have definitely I wanted to though when I had it because I swear to God you do that again. I'm gonna kick you in the ball. That would be the first. What do you do for, what do you do for fun? Nolan? Pretty much how I look. I love to go swimming, love to just hang out.


Conversations are my favorite. I'm a wannabe philosopher, so I'm always just trying to get, see what's going on and get in the know. When you say you're a wannabe philosopher, what exactly do you mean? I'm still trying to figure that out myself. Okay. Nostra dumbass over here. David, I just want, were you having sex while your nuts were that big? Because I feel like I want to fuck all the time. If my balls were the size of avocados, Even worse. I was trying to do the whole no fab. 'cause it was after I'd broke up with somebody, I was doing the celibacy.


What's no fab? Where you just holding your cu and act like it gives you superpowers. That why You got cancer. That's why you got cancer. The fuck. That's an actual thing. You didn't have cancer. Your nuts were just really full. You should have just jacked off. It would've went away. Yep. They didn't tell you that. Look, I tried all the alternatives. Jerk off masturbate. Health advice here from your senior medical correspondent Tony HINCHCLIFFE. Jerk off boys. Yeah. You a vibe though. I, I'd start a cult with you bro. Let's go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would love to cosplay as Jesus and make a ruckus.


Ain't cosplay. Don't cosplay mean like sex? Nope. What's that Called? Does that work? Does Jesus have sex? I thought cosplay is one of them. White girls dress up with that leather and then be spanking niggas. That's Bondage. I'll try that too. What's it called? Bondage. Oh, bondage. Oh yeah. Oh, well I'll cosplay. Yeah. Even if it were just pranks and just messing with people, getting old people's money. Whatever. Nolan, are you doing a lot of open mics? Are you trying hard at this? Yeah, I just came down here the beginning of the month and I've been going every week. Great. Trying the different ones. Yeah. When you're doing it, get the mic closer to your mouth project. Fucking go for it. And look these people in their goddamn eyes, you're looking down a lot.


You're fucking being a little shy guy, but you have to look at them. You have to look at your, you look, look at them. I Sure Will. Look at them with those frightening eyes of yours. I can only look at with one eye. So It's absolutely incredible. I bet that's what your balls looked like at the end. This fucking one. One's just fucking little wobbly balls over there. All right, well you could put this in your little nut sack where your ball used to be. There's a little joke book. Nolan Gustine priest. Oh, la la. Look at this everybody. If you need help jerking off and not getting testicular cancer, pause the video now boys, pause the video now.


It's perfect. It's a bottle of water. Nothing spilled, no harm done. Heidi can do no wrong. Heidi's the best. She's smart too. Earlier she told me that two plus two is five. And I agreed with her. She's a very smart girl. I agree with everything she says. Alright, your next bucket Pool is on the inside. Makes some nice for Rudy Ventura. Everybody. We're keeping it moving along. How many of you like it when comedians do good on this show? How many of you like it when comedians do bad on this show? Oh, whoa, ruthless. Rudy Venturas coming to the stage.


Any fucking second. Here he comes. Here he is. Ladies and gentlemen are Rudy Ventura? Hell yeah guys. I just have some great news. I just had my first baby recently. Whoa. I dunno what you guys are clapping for. I didn't say I was gonna raise him, but I appreciate you guys for the shit's crazy. Shit's crazy Since I had my son, to be honest. Like, like before I had my son, like I was a raging alcoholic And now I'm just an alcoholic 'cause I gotta go home to him after this shit.


You know, like before I, I used to like, I used to get real fucked up and then I'd have to like have to figure out like, do I wanna get fucked up with my homeboys or do I want to get fucked up with my son or should I get fucked up with my son and then go see my homeboys? Like, either way. I don't want him drinking at home by himself. No, but you know, it's crazy. A lot of people tell me I look Indian or Arabic and growing up, I could never tell the difference between them, to be honest. Like they told me, Indians have red dots on their forehead 'cause of their religion. You know, their Hindu and Arabs do too, but it's not because of their religion. Those guys don't realize that they have one until after they're dead.


Appreciate. All right. Rudy Ventura. Hi Rudy. How long you been on standup Rudy? Two years right now. Two years. Where? At Dallas, Texas. What do you do for work? I do landscaping. Whoa. Okay. So that answers my next question. Cut the grass and sell It. You're Mexican. No, I'm Salvadorian. Ooh, Salvadorian man. We're like the, the immigrants of the immigrants. Well I, we know. We know. Thank you. Absolutely. So what do your parents do? Are they here in America? Yeah, They're here in America. Hell yeah. I I fixed their papers a couple years back. Yeah, they're doing great. They got a ranch in Cor. Okay. Yeah, they're taking care of the family, which is crazy. DAVID LUCAS loves ranch on everything.


And so they're taking care of you guys got a bunch of animals and stuff that Yeah. They Got a bunch of animals. Yeah. A bunch of kids and shit. You know animals? Yeah. They, they're a bunch of crazy people out there. Yeah. Just Beautiful. How many people are out there? Oh, like six or seven. Yeah. Okay. A lot of us left, so Yeah. All right. We're doing better in America. Well, who works on the ranch? My, my dad, right? He's old as fuck. Yeah, he's doing great though. How old Is he? 67 or 60? Yeah. Nine. I don't know. She's like around her. Okay. 67 or 69. Yeah, those are right next to each other. So it could be either one. English is my second language, so Yeah. Math is too. You're Doing good. You're doing good.


Thank you. DAVID. LUCAS, Man, I, it's crazy. I Rudy's actually a friend of mine, I know him. I know him very well. Yeah, I'm his plug. Yeah. And he, I sell him coke, but Ozempic is not working in it right now. So Rudy get me all the snack foods before they come out in stores. Shout out Vatos. No, but Rudy is actually a really horrible father. The night he had his, No, he, yeah. Tell him about it, Bro. Thank you. He was chilling with me in Dallas. I, I do a Rose Battle up there, eTown. He's in the green room. We're taking shots and he's like, oh yeah, my baby was just born. And I'm like, today. And he's like, yeah. I'm like, nigga, go be a fucking father.


You got that chick in the hospital by herself while you here taking shots, bro. I got a dream. I got a chase. She knows. Yeah. Did you go, did you go hang out with your newborn kid after that? Yeah. Yeah, of course. So you did shots with DAVID LUCAS and then you went and hung out with I went straight to the hospital. I had to get fucked up to watch that shit. That shit was a little wild. But you didn't even watch it. The kid came out when you were drinking with David, right? Yeah, Yeah. But I'm talking about like holding him and shit. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, You had to get drunk to look your baby in the eyes. Yeah, That shit was crazy. Was crazy. I was not ready for that. Yes. That's like looking at you right now. I'm like, holy shit. Yeah, it's crazy. Look at my baby. He's getting big. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's true. Thank You. It's just, I'm just like your baby.


Beautiful. Absolutely. So how old's the kid now? Six Months. Alright. So how's it been going? How many times do you think you visited this kid? Oh, I've been there every day. It's just crazy, you know, after, after, you know, he came out, I had to, you know, do father stuff and I've been there every day. It's been Cool. Like what, what kind of father stuff like Change his diaper, like puts Miss Rachel on if I have to or like, like I got, I still gotta go make bottles and shit. I've been doing a lot of this and that's just how I make bottles. Yeah, it's been, it's been cool. Bottles and stuff. Okay. You still hooking up with the baby mama? Yeah, we live together. Yeah, we just got an apartment. Yeah. Nice. Yeah, for now, I feel stable for once. It's just because I used to fuck a bunch of bitches, like when I first was wilding and shit.


And it's cool to like finally like, feel like instead of like waking up to my PS five, it's my girlfriend and my baby and, and food in the fridge and shit. Shit's cool. This Is incredible. I see very clearly why you and David get along so well In the fridge. Drinking and fucking bitches and visiting my kids sometimes changing a diaper, then having a shock. I look up to this fool, man. Yeah. I'm actually a good father. Oh, I know. You're doing great. Ruby's Terrible. What does the baby mama, what does the baby mama do for work? Does she have a job? She works for a dad's plumbing company. I, I lay the pipe, but no, she really does work for a dad's company. Yeah.


Okay. What you It's a successful business. They're doing Great. So you're not drinking as much as you used to drink? Yeah, I chilled out. Yeah. I still drink though. I get fucked up. Give us an example of a time recently in which you've gotten fucked up. Oh, I crashed my car with David. I mean, not with David, but Yeah. Yeah. Why the fuck would you say That? What did he ask? I gotta be honest. David, Put the microphone down. Tell me the whole story. Let's go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. David was with you. Yeah, David is my best friend. Love his Dad. Yes he was. Yes he was. You keep that mic where it is. No, stand back. Rudy. Stand back. Oh, bad. My bad, My bad. Sorry. Tell us about the evening.


I got like, Tony, David hit me up outta nowhere. He was like, what's up my boy? What you doing? I'm like, shit, I'm just at the crib. Don't got a kid yet. And we ended up hanging at, at this like arcade, like little bar and shit. We got real fucked up. The Cas Amigos. He was supposed to buy them and then they ended up on my tab. But that's cool. This is my boy. Anyways, you Yep. Welcome to hanging out with David Lucas. Everybody. That's all good. You've ever wondered what it's like, what goes, What goes around comes around here because you're fat. All right. But we ended up, we ended up hanging out. I got a little too much shots. Ca Amigos. That's the drink, right? So what you got? Keep going. Anyways, Casamigos is my homies.


We ended up getting fucked up and then I don't remember leaving and then I crashed my Mercedes. I had just bought the Mercedes. That shit was crazy. Drug money was doing great at the time. What Happened that, that made you crash it? Do you remember? No. She remembered though. I didn't have insurance, but we worked things out. She didn't have insurance either. She was a nice, beautiful black lady. She did not have insurance? No. Wow. So how did you work things out? I paid her, I just fixed the car and Wow. I got some cousins and shit. So, So your cousins fixed the car? Yeah. Vatos. Yeah. Yeah, The Vatos. MS 13. Your Casamigos helped you.


That's what our, that's our mechanic shops called Ca Amigos. Yeah. La ca Los Amigos. All right. We got a taco stand out there too. I bet they fucking What chap. We know. We know. Alright, Rudy, David, anything you wanna say? That's not How the fucking story went. Yeah, why don't you tell your version of this story? So, first of all, I was not fucked up, but we did meet at a arcade. Oh yeah. I was fucked up. We were all leaving to go back to the Airbnb that I was staying at. Nice. Airbnb. 'cause he was trying to bring some fucking Latin hoes over. And I was like, Before my girl and yeah. And I was like, I don't want no more kids. So we all left. Everyone came here, we All left the Airbnb's like six minutes away from where we're at. Yeah.


Two hours has passed. I'm like, where the fuck is Rudy? I'm calling, I forgot about Calling, FaceTiming him all this shit. And then he just appears at 3:00 AM in the morning. He just show up at the fucking Airbnb. And you're like, my car Text at 3 24, I think. Something Like that. You're like, my car is gone. I'm like, what the fuck you mean? I like ghosts. He was like, I hit a black bitch. I was Like, What? I hit black Hawk down, you know? So I was like, I I hit a Mercedes with my Mercedes. No, her name was Destiny, but that was my destiny. I just, I just told him to lay down and we'll figure it out in the morning. So I, I wake up like nine 30, that's good night. So that we can go try to figure this shit out. And this motherfucker's gone.


Yeah, You took the long, you sleep, you sleep, bro. You hibernate. I gotta go. This motherfucker got an airplane at 12 and it's 11. I gotta get the fuck outta this bitch. But he ended up, he did pay the lady. The lady was hella, thank God she was black. She didn't call the cops or anything. Well, yeah, that's what happens when you don't have insurance or a registration and the car is most likely stolen. So luckily you got very lucky There. You Well, My car was stolen. I mean, yeah. Yeah. All right, Rudy. No, I'm fucking around. Thank you. Fun times. Here's a slightly larger than small joke book. Appreciate you. There goes Rudy Ventura, everybody. All right, I'm gonna keep it moving along here.


Finding the one can feel impossible and in today's world it's even harder. False profiles, inaccurate pictures, incompatibilities ghosting on dates. Ooh girl, my blood is boiling already. Does this all sound familiar to y'all? But if you're ready to take your move to a new place, it doesn't have to feel like dating. All it takes is a simple search on apartments.com to find your perfect match. Yes. Whether you're looking for a three bedroom condo downtown, a two bedroom duplex in a quiet neighborhood, a cozy studio in a walkable city, or even a single family home in a cul-de-sac, you can find a place that checks all the right boxes. So whichever stage of life you are in, okay. Whether you're looking to settle down in your perfect home by using apartments.com, no more swiping or awkward first dates. Make it easier to get a place that gets you. Visit apartments.com. The place to find a place


With a Venmo debit card. You can Venmo more than just your friends. You can use your balance in so many ways. You can Venmo everything need gas. You can Venmo this. How about snacks? You can Venmo that. Your favorite band's merch. You can Venmo this or their next show. You can Venmo that visit venmo.me/debit to learn more. You Could Venmo this or Venmo that. Venmo. Venmo that Ven. The Venmo MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. And a pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated card may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted. Venmo purchase restrictions apply.


Your Next bucket poll is also on the inside. Ladies and gentlemen, his name is Aaron s Baller. Aaron s Baller. No real banging sets yet. Everybody's kind of cruising through tonight. Aaron Baller. Here comes Arin Baller. Wish you would step back from that ledge my friend. One more time for Aaron Baller. Everybody. So I was told once you go black, you never go back.


I was stressed out. I couldn't wait to go back. Personally, the biggest issue was constantly being compared to where Black X is. As a white guy, that's not where you wanna be. So I figured if I can't beat 'em, I'll join them. So I started fucking fat white girls. The issue is, is I started to enjoy it and I'm from the Midwest, the casserole capital of America. They're everywhere up there. I had a little too much fun and that's how I earned the nickname the FPA Bazooka, which I don't think my mom was too proud of because I caught her Googling of 300 months is too late for an abortion.


Thank you. Okay. Aaron Baller. Is this true? Did you really hook up with a black woman? A few Of them. Really? Yeah. Wow. Where would you meet them at? Tinder. Mowing mainly. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So you're on the dating apps and that was at the, was and okay. You, you're not anymore. No. Why not Now? What happened? It's a sad place to be. Yeah. Why? Why? Tell us about what you mean by that. I have bad self-control. So it's like, yeah, I'm looking for love, but when the thicker ones come across, just kind of get in there and seal the deal and then I get too distracted.


And then I got like 10 fat girls hitting me up every night. And then I don't get any work done, so then I just stop. Right. So you, yeah, you kinda went deep down this, I wouldn't call it a rabbit. A pig hole. I, I play around in the barnyard. Yeah. Wow. Incredible. So tell us all about it. What are some things that you've learned from hooking up with big chicks that's different than hooking up with regular sized girls or what many people would call beautiful women?


The first things that, I'm kidding. They're beautiful too, but seriously, what's up? Nah, I'm with you. I hate the body positivity movement, but, All right, keep going. Tell us, why do you like Big Chicks? The most thing is, what is it about Big Chicks? What is it? The jiggle, honestly. Okay. Yeah. I like the motion. I know they're skinny and nothing moves. It doesn't, nothing registers. Right. I don't know. What's the biggest girl, if you had to guess that you hooked up with? Let's guess some weights here. I will say I couldn't get my arms around her.


I'm going to three 50 plus. Wow. Three 50 at the like light side. Yeah. And, and she was like short too. So a short three 50? We're talking about like five three? No, no, no. She's tall too. No, No. Yeah. Not like tall. But average. I said five seven. Five Seven. Was she bigger than DAVID LUCAS? Like wit Wise? Sure. Yeah. Oh shit. Absolutely. Wow. This is incredible. That's not sad. You have to take a girl like that out to dinner before Hook. Oh no. Oh, no way. That's not in the budget whatsoever. No, no, no. So she comes straight to your place. I went to hers, but yeah. Yeah, same Thing. Okay. You went to her place. What was it like? Do you remember?


Yeah, we watched a movie, drank Some of the Body. What was the movie that you guys watched? Oh, it's that one with the, was it something Body? Jennifer's Body. I think it's got the Hot Bitch from Transformers, Megan Fox. Yes. Yeah. Okay. There you go. So you're watching that movie. Then what happens? I tried to put my arm around her. You, that's what you went for first. You went for a true hug, A true first base maneuver. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hug. And then that wasn't working. I mean, It was close. Yeah, but not close enough. You Want play by play through the whole Thing. You couldn't connect your fingertips.


Am I correct? Oh God, no. No. When it came time to kiss her and I put the other arm around, no, there was no clasp. Oh my goodness. Yeah. So there you are. You're making out with her. And then what happens? I just started feeling all of it. Yeah. Tell us about that. Describe to this audience. Look at them in their eyes and tell them what hooking up with this behemoth monster was like. It felt like I was conquering something. I was a man on a mission. Everything felt like a tit. Ah, there you go. There we are. Big pop from the crowd on everything. Felt like a tit. Have you ever said that before?


No. There You go. That's part of your thing. Now. It is. You could talk about that while talking about what it's like hooking up with big chicks. That's funny. Will Do. Everything felt like a tit. Keep going. Tell us more. You're doing good. That's probably the best joke we've heard all night. Just came out of nowhere. Describe then what happens. What's the difference between a fat girl's vagina and a normal girl's vagina? You gotta pick the F up. Okay. You gotta get it out your way. God, this is disgusting. Does every, does everything smell like anal? Like because of, okay.


Red band. All right, there we go. Big one. Jesus Christ. Fat people tend to bathe themselves. Overly bathe. Have you noticed this? It did. It was clean. Yeah. I mean there was no smells, no nothing. Yeah. Okay. I never thought about that. Yeah. Are you ever on bottom with any of these big girls? Yes. Okay. And yes. Describe to us what that's like. Describe to us what it's like being Waffle House, hash browns, smothered, covered gassed. Describe to this crowd what it's like being on bottom. While someone that's hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of pounds is on top of you, do they put all their weight on you or are they trying to alleviate some of that?


They can't hold it Up. They can't hold it up? No, No, no, no. You can't suck it in that far, you know? Right. But it's like, have you ever tried to bench press more than you could? Yeah. Is that what you do? You're, are you lifting them up sometimes from the bottom position? Try. Depends on the one that night. Okay. And then how do these nights normally end after you hang out with a Tinder? Morbidly obese. Absolutely volatile. Disgusting hookup. What is it like afterwards? The last one, I just started farting as much as I could so she'd leave. 'cause I don't like to be mean.


Right? Yeah. But I just get 'em out. You know? Post nut clarity hits a little harder when it's a big girl. So you gotta, you really start working on it. Yes. The situation to be handled immediately. So do you save these farts early on, starting earlier in the night? Are you banking farts, knowing like, this is my exit strategy. I wish I was that good. No, it was just a, it was a blessing, right? Yeah. Right. Unbelievable. Absolutely incredible. What else do you do? Did I ask you what you do for work? No. What do you do for work Right now? I do valet. Valet. Wow, okay. Where at? Primarily Fogo de Chao.


Fogo de Chow. Look at that. You're meeting bitches at an all you can eat Brazilian buffet. Oh my God. You're making money and turning yourself on at the same time. No. Better place to be a valet out there sniffing the seats of these big girls before they have their Brazilian steak. Wow. Have you met a chicken fogo and taken her home before? No, I fucked that up. How did you fuck that up? There was this chick and she was asking me to like, take pictures of her, do this, do that. And then she went to like put some in her car, but on the passenger side.


And she gets on the passenger seat, like puts her knees on the seat. So it's just ass to face. And then she goes around to the other side and starts asking me all these questions and I just Went, you think she was giving you an opportunity? Oh, She gave me like 10 of 'em. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And you just weren't having, it wasn't, you were out on the street, wasn't She? Wasn't fat. Wasn't not fat. These normies, you're not having it. No. You now you're at the point to where you can only handle, what do you think the minimum weight of a girl that you would want to fuck is now I Mean, it depends on the height, but I'm gonna say 1 70, 1 75. Okay. There's someone clapping for 1 75 in the back. Oh yeah. It's just one fucking half fat chick. Like, yeah, I got you.


75. Don't Listen if I got you. All right. Well, fun times, buddy. I wanna give you a, a small joke book, but since you're into slightly bigger things, so I'm gonna give you a medium joke book. There he goes. We're keeping it moving. Aaron Spoler. Okay, time for a Golden Ticket winner. Everybody. This guy is funny. This is a brand new minute from one of the newer golden ticket winners. Make some noise for Colin Sledge, everybody. Here we go. Colin Ledge. One more time for Colin Sledge. Everyone Thank Thank you.


I'm on Hinge. This girl on Hinge said, don't even bother messaging me if you're not in therapy. So I said, not only am I in therapy, it is court ordered. I'm not even allowed to own a gun in most states, but God bless Texas. I tried dating a black girl for the first time. I wanted her to like me, you know, but I guess we just weren't like super compatible. I remember she asked me like, do you even know what the G-spot is? I was like, that's where the gangsters be hanging out.


She, I'd be, I'd be calling it the OG spot. No, I mean, okay. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. Colin Sledge, it's done it again. Welcome back, Colin. Thank you. Is this true? You really hooked up with a black check? No, it was a lie. Right? I had a feeling. Just can't picture it. I cannot picture it at all. Not you. And I can't picture a black woman that would, that would hook up with you.


You seem soft spoken. It's Been close once. I'd like to, yeah. How did you blow that? I probably just wasn't hot enough. You're what? I probably wasn't hot enough. Oh, Geez. Yeah. It was close though. No, you're a good looking guy, Colin. It's when you start talking that you lose everything. I don't think the heat has anything to do with it. I Think, yeah, I'm, I've noticed I get first dates much easier than second dates. Huh? What do you normally do on these first dates with girls? It varies. Now it's sometimes comedy shows, but not anymore. But I went to IKEA once. That was fun.


Wow. You took a girl to Ikea? Yeah. Did you meet her there? No, it was a hinge date. Okay. So what does that mean to you exactly? As far as, did you meet there or did you pick her up Or? We met there. Right. So you did meet there? We Did meet there, yeah. Okay. We went around in a circle there, much like at an Ikea store. We met on Hinge, and then we agreed to meet at ikea. I didn't pick her up. So Did you eat at the Ikea? Did you have the little meatballs? I, I offered to, but she's a vegan apparently. Oh, Wow. Yeah. The vegan at an ikea. Yeah. There was no second date. Like I said, it's right. Yes. Didn't last long. Much like the furniture at Ikea. They're not a sponsor.


It's okay. Colin, what else has been going on in life? I was, I was supposed to go to a vasectomy consultation today, but I came here instead. Okay. Yeah. Hell yeah. You still have literally the strongest nuts out of everyone that's been on the show tonight. I'm pretty noticed. I've noticed. You are. So you're fully ready to go. Why are you looking for a vasectomy? It was, it was my parents' idea. My, so when I got the golden ticket, my stepmom was like, you should consider a, a sex. They, you know, they think I'm, They think you're swimming in puss now.


Well, they think, yeah, they're worried, which is, I don't, I don't really hook up with strangers. Even if I, you know, I'm, I'm shy, you know. Wow. That's amazing. Yeah. You don't even need a vasectomy. Well, I, I mean, I get pussy sometimes. Okay. And do you have a problem pulling out when that moment comes, when that final moment comes, or you Well, I, I wear a condom, but I don't know. Well, yeah, you don't need a, it's Not as good. It's Right. Would you still wear a condom if you got a vasectomy? Depends on the person. You know, Depends on Jesus calling. I mean, you gotta li live life. I, I have to call your mom to tell her You're doing just fine out here.


Yeah. Condom up. There's nothing, I've never even heard of someone that wears a condom, getting a vasectomy. Well, if it was a, that's like putting on your seatbelt. If you're just sitting in the driveway, It's Absolutely pointless. It's Well, like STDs, right? Sure. But sure. Like, you know, Come on. That doesn't happen that often. You just pop an antibiotic, you'll be right back in no time. I'll just be like, don't worry baby. Tony said, I don't need to wear one. Ah, Don't put it on me. Blame it on your mom. Say your mom said, so Red band has something he really wants to say.


Again, I was just saying, how adorable would it be if Colin and Christina went on a date together? Wow. There it was. Red band's last time talking this episode. How cool. Everybody Amazing. Back to the soundboard we go. There it is. Hit the clown horn. That's the bike horn. Good job. Red band. Good job. Christina. Would you ever consider going on a date with Colin? I think we would spend spontaneously combust if we both. It is true. You're both very shy, very quiet, very nervous. Very Also, I only date black guys.


Oh, shit. Wow. I look at that. I'm Just, I'm just kidding. That's what she says when guys like, you want to go on a date with her's. Incredible. Absolutely amazing. Colin, would you ever consider going on a date with Christina? I, I am with someone right now, but if that ever falls through, maybe I love, if that ever falls through, maybe She's gonna be mad at Me. Maybe just maybe. All right, Colin. Well, fun times. You did it again. Great. Set great jokes. There he goes. Onto the next one.


Hey there, travelers, Kaylee Cuco here. Sorry to interrupt your music. Great artist BT Dubs. But wouldn't you rather be there to hear it live? With Priceline, you can get out of your dreams and into your dream concert. They've got millions of travel deals to get you to that festival, gig, rave, sound bath, or Sonic experience you've been dreaming of. Download the Priceline app today and you can save up to 60% off hotels and up to 50% off flights. So don't just dream about that trip. Book it with Priceline. Go Your happy price. Priceline


Learning through Play starts with Lego duplo. With Lego duplo, toddlers can develop real life skills while having fun with colorful bricks made just for them large, easy to grip and safe to explore. When children express themselves with Lego duplo, they build patience, problem solving and empathy. See your child, learn perseverance and self-expression with everything they imagine and create. Visit lego.com/preschool to learn more.


All right, your next bucket Pool, Ladies and gentlemen, is a former employee here at Balkan. We know this guy. He was once in a weight loss competition with another human. Make some noise for Tre pack. Everyone. Tre pack. It's tre pack. When you go back to back, it's re pack. Here comes Tre. What do you say? Hey, he's back. It's re pack. Re pack. Oh, there he goes. Tre pack. Oh. How we doing? Good to see you guys, man. Y'all had this girl tell me to Come on her C-section scar.


Yeah. I don't have a joke. I just want to talk to somebody about it. Dude, it was my wife. You freaks. It was my wife, man. My wife's a dirty bitch, dude. That's my baby man. My wife likes to choke me in bed. Any other creeps? Are you like getting choked in bed? Hell yeah, dude. With that haircut, it looks like this whole table choked you in the Uber on the way over here, dog. What's going on? Don't bitch ashamed. Listen, my wife chokes me in bed every single night. Yeah. She Waits for me to fall asleep and she unplugs my CPAP machine. That's my baby dude. I also get that half of y'all aren't convinced. I'm not Jelly Roll. I'm not. That's so everybody knows I'm married a whore.


Just not that one dude. Yeah, I'm not. It is not me. I'm not married either. That's crazy. Guys. I've been trade back. Thank you so much. Boom. Trade Pack. Been doing it for years. Been on this Vulcan stage numerous times. Worked here. Been on the show. Weight loss competition. I believe you gained weight during the week. No, I, Sam Hunter gained. I lost. But we're all, we are all fat. We all look the same. Yeah. You look, people think I'm DAVID LUCAS every day. It's crazy. I Love it. Absolutely. So, Trey, update us. Its been a while since you've been on the show. What's going on in life? My Life's good, man. I'm, I am, I'm not married.


I, I'm a barber. That's what I do full time now. Life's good. Just trying to make a fucking dream come true every day. Okay. How's that going? How's the Dream? It's good, man. I, I just gotta do the comedy store. I got to run into you there. That was super cool. Nice. Yeah, it been doing the Roast battle thing. It's been good, man. Things have been very good. Yep. Amazing Trey. I love it. Any new hobbies or anything? The non-com related? Nah, just drinking and doing drugs and fucking girls. Dude. That's what, what kind of, what kind of drugs are we talking about? Oh, I'm on that cocaine, bro. Really? Yeah, man. Holy Shit. I, I, listen. I don't even like doing drugs. It's just, you do the mullet, cocaine appears in your pocket. It's crazy. Tell us about your love of cocaine.


I don't really, I've never, I've never tried it. I get it. I get it. It makes you feel a little like, well, Like, have you ever just felt like the best feeling you've ever felt? Have you ever hit a home run? You score a touchdown. Imagine, imagine hitting a ball and scoring a touchdown and fucking the girl you've always wanted to fuck. And then immediately after, just feeling the worst dredge you've ever felt in your entire life for an hour. You get 20 minutes of the ma most amazing feeling. And then it's awful for five hours. Huh? How often do you do this? I've been, I've been trying to quit for a while. It's kind of hard. I get it mixed up with powdered sugar every day. But I used to, once a week or so used to be, especially back in the day.


Yeah. It was all, wow. It was Fun, man. How do you afford it? Oh, I, I cut a whole bunch of hair, dude. I'm a hell of a barber. Holy Shit. Yeah, Man. Incredible. Do you only, do you cut anybody's hair that we know? I I got a lot of guys in the shop. Mike Gonzales comes by our shop. Oh, Michael gon that's why he wears a hat all the time. Okay. That's why amazing Uncle Laser comes by the shop. A lot of guys here in town. Oh, I could see. Does Uncle Laser come by for haircuts or for that fucking sweet booger sugar that you're kicking out over there? I mean, listen, we're gonna get done when it needs to get done. You know what I mean? Yeah. Rock that haircut out in 10 minutes. We cut each other's hair the entire Time.


I bet. I bet you two little fucking field rats out there. Little sniffers. Trey, you're doing, where do you work now? I work at Beard Brand Barbershop and then I, I picked up a shift here tonight. I heard Koni was coming back. I fucking miss it here, man. So I wanted to come hang out, man. I love it. Well, we're happy you did. Thank you. You already have a big joke book, right? Is it filled yet? I'm sure it is. Yeah. Here you go. Here's a new one. Boom. Oh shit. Very good catch. Trey, I'd love to have you on the secret show Thursday. Yes sir. Absolutely. Thank you. Trade pack, doing the secret show. Boom.


Onto the next one. Your next bucket poll also inside. Make some noise. We're gonna keep it moving along for Tatum. Rayley, everybody. Tatum Rayley. Ah yeah. Tatum Rayley. Here we go. Tatum Rayley. We have movement. I'm ready. Okay. Your next bucket pull is Alex James from the inside.


Where's Colt? Alex James. I have an English degree from a state school, so it's safe to say that I make more money from doing comedy. Fuck. I'm soaking wet now. I'm butchering everything. All right. My girlfriend's 20 years older than me and she's my former math professor, which worked out great because my math is shit. And it's interesting dating an older woman. 'cause the first time that we slept together, I felt like I was taking her virginity. So I asked her about it. She said all C-sections. And let me tell you that pussy was roped off like a museum exhibit.


No kids had passed through. They're messing things up. Nothing had been touched in years. And most importantly, students get in for free. And that tight pussy kind of made up for those three kids 'cause they were loose as fuck. Ah, a homeless guy asked me for a dollar. I said, I have $50,000 in student loan debt in a useless degree. Do you have a dollar? I'm 30 and I still live at home with my mom. And it's weird living at home because I'm one argument away from being homeless. But on the other hand, I'm one stroke away from becoming a homeowner. All right. I'm Alex James. Thank you guys. Okay, Alex. James, moving fast.


Just rattling 'em off there. How long you been doing standup? On and off for two years. But taking it seriously within the last six months. Six months? Yes. Super seriously. Pretty Se. Yes sir. You're trying your hardest. I Am trying my Hardest. What are you doing? What are you doing to do that? Primarily just like hitting as many mics as I can. And I'm from Boston, so every time we come out here we can honestly get like six months, six months worth of mics and in like, you know, a week or two. So it's, it really helps, Right? Yes. And you've been here, how long have you been here? We just got, oh, we just came for a trip on Saturday. So this is very surreal 'cause we were gonna leave today, but we found out about the show, you know, so we decided to stick around.


You were here with another comedian? Yes. Okay. She's here as well. Okay, got it. So let's talk about it, Alex. Yes. Because that was awful. So when you say you could do six months worth of Boston open mics in one week here, right? Right. How many open mics are you doing per week in Boston? Well, my girlfriend will do like three to four, but I admittedly will really only do one. So You and your girlfriend are both comedians? Yes. Yes. And she's here? Yes. What's her name? Jenny Fitz. What is it? Jenny Fitz. Jenny what?


Fitzgerald Like Jenny Fitz. Yeah. Like that. This is one of those situations where I'm 100% positive that the girl who's more funny than the guy. Ladies and gentlemen, you stay up here, Alex, I want you to stand here while your girlfriend buries your legacy. Make some noise. This is 60 seconds from Jenny Fitz. Oh, this is so exciting. This is how breakups happen, everybody. It's a long trip back to Boston after you're funnier than your boyfriend. Oh yeah. She's got this. Don't, don't put the mic back in the mic. Stand fucking. And she's got this. Hold her shit. You Ladies and gentlemen make some noise for Jenny Fitz.


I feel like open mics are a lot like middle aged sex. They last three to six minutes. And if you go all six, you're probably trying out some new stuff. I got divorced a couple years ago and I started dating a guy 20 years younger than I am. You guys, when he first brought up birth control, I was like, oh my God. He thinks I still have a period that is so flattering. But I can't have any more kids. I have three kids. I have three kids. And being a parent as a Gen Xer, it's kind of tough because we weren't really parented.


I realized I was ordering out too much when Uber Eats figured out my custody schedule. Oh. And I'm totally spacing right now, which has never happened to me before. But I do have one last one. Oh no, you can I can I do my last one? Okay, cool. All right. We were caught in the rain. Okay. So it's, the world is so politically correct now. I'm afraid that my kids are gonna say some racist shit like by accident. 'cause the other day, one of my kids said to me, I used to be friends with this Indian girl on the bus, but I'm not friends with her anymore. Not just because she's Indian, just because she doesn't ride that bus anymore.


I said, buddy, I don't think you meant that first. Just, okay. We're not racist. If anybody's racist, it's the school. They're the ones who put her on a different bus. Okay. That was it. All right. We were in the race. Did he write That last one for you? You would think that even he's laughing at how un funny he is. Unbelievable. We're so are you not still soap? We're so, I love it. Welcome, Jenny. How are you? I Am wet from the rain. Oh, Okay. Yeah, we were, I was gonna say, you seem like you'd have an incredibly dry pussy. We just heard your boyfriend's act and I'm pretty sure everyone's got a little saying between their legs right now.


All right, Jenny, how long you been doing standup? Two years. Two Years. How long have you been with your boyfriend, Alex? Five years. Five years? Yeah. What was it about this young man that turned, that made you interested? I had just gotten like, separated from my husband and I was in that kind of a marriage. Like I didn't have, I was in a sexist marriage for like 20 years. Yeah. But I thought he was pretty hot and I, he was my student, but he wasn't anymore. Wait, what kind of student was he? Here we go and we've hit, we've hit black gold.


Ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. No, you, you did, you did. My milkshake is not Oh, milkha. What? I was Lonely. Okay. So, right. So It's college. You, you were teaching at college? Yeah. And he took one of my classes. Oh my God. What class was it? Fuck that. Quantitative reasoning. Oh my God. You know about that. I'm a math professor. Yeah. So, wow. That's, so, I, that's my day job. But yeah, so, okay. I looked up his text, his cell phone number in the system and I texted him and I asked him if he think, thought he like, wanted any help with the math class that he was taking the next semester.


And he said, well, I hired a tutor who cost a hundred dollars an hour and I'm meeting with her on Friday. And I said, I texted him, well fire her because I can guarantee you I'll be better than any tutor you've ever had. Wow. This is amazing. I know. I wish I looked better. What? I was caught in the rain. I usually look better than this 'cause I'm 50. I normally look. No, You're good. Look like you're good lady. You're good. This guy still has his fucking notes over here. Fucked up. I'm sorry. What do you, what do you hand What is going on over here? Dude, shut the fuck up. We're talking to this cool ass fucking flirty college professor over here. Okay, so hold on a second.


Yeah. First question. Yep. How recently were you separated from your husband when you launched this message? Just a ballpark. Six months, year, two years. Three weeks. Three weeks. Okay. Second question. Yeah. Had you ever, out of your entire history being a college professor, you could be honest Here. I never did it before. If that's what you're asking. You never messaged any other student ever? Never. No. As a matter of fact, I don't even remember thinking he was attractive when he took my class. I just remembered that we would chat and like, he had a really nice personality and he was older than the other students. He was, you know, 'cause he was like a fuck up.


And you know what? He went back to college later and I'm sorry, I, I shouldn't have said that. Wow. I should have said that. I Amazing. So there you are. And how long? I was 45 and he was 26. Okay. Wow. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. So where did the tutoring happen? Yeah. Okay. So I did go over on Friday. You went to his place? Yeah, I went to his place. I already like knew that he lived alone and stuff like that. 'cause when I, how Did you know that? Because I, when I would chat with him, I would ask him questions like, so you live alone. Wow. And one spoken Like a true math professor.


I'm sorry, I apologize for interrupting. It's okay. I, one time I literally asked him if he had a girlfriend. I was collecting information, but like, that was kind of toward the end of the course. And so I just waited. 'cause in the handbook it says we can't fuck our students unless the course is over. Yes. That's in everyone's handbook, by the way. It's not just any specific college or that's every job. I had never done it before. I swear to God. It's cool. It's Cool. I Had not, you're not gonna get in trouble now. You're good. No, I have tenure. Yeah. Perfect. You have a 10 year, you have a 20 year difference. Okay. So there you are, you're at his place. Was there any actual tutoring?


Did you guys crack the books? Yeah. 'cause you know, I didn't wanna make it obvious. No, I, yeah, I did. I just like did some math with him. And then How long we talking? 20, 40 minutes? Yeah. Yeah. I wanna say 20 Last. Oh, look at old Pam daddy over here going, no way. She couldn't resist. Wow. Okay. So about 15 minutes goes by and then what happens? He says, he was like, I'm gonna roll a joint. And I was like, that sounds good. You know? And one of the, I remember one time I joked around with him bus swinging by after work. Okay. Is that, the other thing is, he said, you probably, where do you live? And oh, you must drive right by my house on your way to work.


So I like, I knew where he lived and stuff. So he was so, I was like, oh, you got any beer in the fridge? And he is like, yeah. So I was like, yeah, do you like, I'll grab a beer. And we sat on the couch, we smoked the joint. Okay. And then I, I think I like, I reached over and I like put my hand on. Yeah. I reached, oh shit, that the old, is this okay. Is this Yeah, because like, you're actually supposed to ask, There it is. Okay. And then you said, yes, that is okay. And then Let's see, we, I Oh, oh, I know it was, that was like make or break moment.


'cause I was like, if he's a bad kisser then I'm outta here and I'm never gonna talk to this guy again. Right. But he was a great kisser. So more stuff happened. Oh my goodness. You guys had sex that first two? No. Me, Sucky. Sucky. No, we didn't. You Didn't. I made him wait like almost a month. Yeah. Well, 'cause I just, I had only been with one man, other man in 25 years. So I just assumed that whoever I had sex with would give me like herpes or aids. Right. So I was like, I can't do that. And so after a month, I mean, we fooled around, but like, that was all Wow. Incredible. I think this is like every college kid's fantasy, right? Is that the middle school nerdy math professor lady kind of fucking says I'll be the best tutor you've ever had.


And then, and then the old touch a beer and a joint. I mean, that's, that's wild. Oh, it was super hot. So now you guys have been together for five years? Yeah. And you still live in Boston? Yeah. And are you still a college professor? Yeah. Okay. Absolutely incredible. I love it. And what have you done? Did you get a degree? I did actually. Okay. Well, so what do you, what do you do for work? Me talking to the mic, I'm essentially like her au pair. So I take care of her kids. How old? Pretty fucking sweet, right?


Oh, Christina Mariani. So you're, so you're bad at math. How old are the kids? My oldest is 16 and my twins are 12. They're all boys. Oh my goodness. Wow. Incredible. Are you aware that your ex-husband has low testosterone? He's, yeah. He's got something going on that's wrong. But I don't know what it is. You know about this. DAVID LUCAS, whatcha gonna say? Oh, I'm just curious, like, from the time you last fucked your ex-husband to the time you fucked him, how long was that?


I dunno. Like a year and a half. Wait, co. Or maybe, I don't know. It was so long I couldn't remember. So from my Math, it was seven weeks? No, no. Oh no. Three weeks after The, no. I thought you meant three weeks after. We like, I like moved out. Oh, okay. Yeah. But I, I don't know, maybe we hadn't had sex in year. And What does your ex exhusband do for a living? He, he manages towns. A town. A town. The mayor. Well, Is that the mayor bitch? No. No. He manages a town. What type of shit is this? Well, it's the, it's a towns don't have mayors. They have town managers. Where The fuck do you live Scotland?


Where the fuck? I haven't been to a town ever. You've never been to a town? No. What? It's just not a city has fewer people. Generally. Y'all Niggas don't even live in America probably. No, just local Governments doesn't even seem real. I don't even know if this is real. No. Yeah, he's hired, not elected, but yeah, he just runs the town. What's the town called? I, I fucking whoville. I would prefer Not to talk about. No, let's not, let's not call out a whole town on this show right now, Tony. There's only 1200 people in The, What's the difference between a town and a city mathematician? Oh, usually it's population. But the, the form of government's different.


They don't elect a mayor. They elect a board who hires somebody to manage the town. So your ex was on that bullshit. So you needed that new, new, I don't think a math professor understands your lingo. I, I, I literally have no idea what he, just what he did. So Your your ex-husband. Yeah. Your ex-husband was a variable and you needed Oh, a whole number. Ah, yes. That's very true. Yes. Yes. Is that What I feel seen right now? Yes, you are correct. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. He's, yeah. It was, it was crazy though. And he's gonna be so pissed if he ever sees this.


He will. I'm gonna send it to him. Yeah. How many towns are in Boston? In Massachusetts? I can we not talk about him anymore? He's gonna find out about that. I know. And he's gonna be really fucking pissed that he kept the kids for an extra Night and he's watching y'all's kids. That's Yeah. He's gonna be really fucking pissed that he kept the Kids. We gonna see this bitch on the news in three months. Probably. Probably. This is, this is gonna be the last straw. This will send him over the edge. RIP ahead of time. Oh yeah. Made by the great people over@ghostpatch.com. They made us these unbelievable torpedoes that say I bombed on KILL TONY.


It's a very special, it's a level below a little joke book. And, and Alex, congratulations. You're getting one of those. And you sweet professor leaving with a medium sized joke book. Congratulations. You are indeed the funny one in the couple, not by much, but shockingly funnier than her babysitter. Fuck boy. Alex James. That was Jenny Fitz and Alex James. There they go. One of the nerdiest couples I've ever seen in my entire life. Answering the question, what would it be like if Colin Sledge and Christina Mariani dated, oh, there she is.


The lovely Heidi. Look at her with her little black tie on. How sweet


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. Knowing you could be saving money for the things you really want is a great feeling. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can choose to bundle and save with a personal price plan like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Roll ball. A Lonzo Ball for Buzz Balls ready to go. Cocktails take 12. Buzz Balls just dropped their biggest blue balls. The script says biggie's. Blue balls. Lonzo take 13. Blue balls just dropped their biggest Buzz Balls. Let's try a vocal exercise. Buzz Balls, biggie's. Blue balls, Buzz Balls, biggie's. Blue balls, Big balls just dropped. Get blue balls this season with Buzz Balls please. You responsibly Buzz Balls available on Spirit Wine and Malt. 15% Alcoba volume. Buzz Balls. LLC, Carrollton, Texas.


All right. I believe they wrangled the bucket. Pool time for the next one. Make some noise for Tatum Rayley. Everybody. Tatum Rayley. Is that right? Tatum Rayley again. There she is. Tatum. Really? Ladies and gentlemen, My marriage is on the rocks The other day. I saw what no good wife should see. I walked in on my husband. Excuse me. I walked in on my husband wiping his ass and that motherfucker was standing up.


Why? I don't know. How long has he been doing that? Is that why there's fucking keister, kibble all on the toilet seat. I've been trying to solve that riddle for six years. And you wanna know the fucked up part if someone had to have taught him how to do that? No, I saw that form. That form was passed down from generations. He must come from a long line of fucking fecal flickers who care about no one but themselves, leaving their cracked crumbs for the rest of us to deal with the craft or math, if you will. And you don't know hell until you sat on a toilet at 3:00 AM and thought, did somebody go to the fucking beach?


Whose goddamn Sand is this? Thank you. My name's Tatum. Tatum Raley. Holy shit. Red band. I didn't realize you were writing for bucket pools. Nowadays that's all poop jokes. That's a minute of poop jokes. I I, I will say I've done many surveys about this exact same thing and it's usually 50% do stand up while wiping their ass. Does it cause the fucking keister kibble? No, I have never heard of that. That's just when you say that is what, what does that mean? Where's the poop going? I got, when you wipe it, you know the toilet paper has like crumbs, right? So if you're sitting down like a normal fucking person, it should go directly into the toilet bowl, right?


Yeah. But if you're standing up like my man is, you're fucking flicking that shit for everybody and it gets everywhere. Christina Mariani. Why are you watching him wipe his ass? That is Literally, I walked in on it. It was an accident. Oh, I couldn't look away though. Oh yeah. Because by the time I noticed he still had the toilet paper in his hands and there was shit on it. So I just backed out like one of them penguins from Madagascar and I didn't talk to him for two weeks. But you guys are Good now. No. Oh, David Lucas. Hey can you turn around and show me how he wipe again?


Wait, stop. David. David. That's all. It's okay. Hey Baby. I wipe sitting down. I'm like hot as fuck, right? Yeah. Well actually I got a bidet. I don't gotta wipe. Yeah. Oh nice. Well I'm not Chinese. What do you want me to do with that? This bitch. Stupid Tatum. Welcome to the show. How long you been doing standup? Two and a half years. Two And a half years. Where at All Around I'm, I live in the Houston area, so around there and nice around here too. Awesome. Do you have a like a day job? I'm a mom. Oh, sweet. How many kids do you have? One. She's five. One 5-year-old girl.


What's that like? Hell yeah. Don't do it strep throat. If you fuck on it and you're on antibiotics, it'll give you a baby. 'cause the antibiotics cancel out your birth control, so don't fuck on strep throat. Wow. Christina Mariani. Can she wipe her ass? No. Is your husband teaching her? Yes. This is, this is insanity. What's happening here? So it's a whole two thirds of the family. Can't wipe their ass properly. Hey. But I can.


Good job. Thank you. Good job Tatum. I love it. Okay, what do you, norm, what else do you normally talk about? 'cause that was a minute of your husband wiping his ass jokes. What type of material? By kids? I, I got married to a man that I met on Tinder 14 days prior. Wow. Yeah, I was drunk. I wanna tell you. I felt like a tingle in my heart or my pussy, but that was bullshit. Right. Have you ever heard of Twisted Tea? It was 13 of those. Oh my god. Yeah. Wow. Do you still drink a lot? Not at all. Okay. Yeah. Thank You. What do you do to, what are like hobbies of yours?


Anything? Fun? Comedy and being a mom pretty much takes up most of my time. I love it. And cleaning up butt dust, I Guess. Butt dust. This is a real, your bathroom's a disaster. It really is. Fucking war zone. Frightening. So the husband isn't the father of the kid? He is. I got pregnant two months after I married him. Drunkenly at 19. Oh my God. Yeah. I'm only 25. Wow. Ages you to have a kid. Okay. And what does he do? He's a CWI and a qa.


Qc. It's a certified welding inspector and he works in quality control. Oil field. Oil field. Very good. There you go. Unbelievable. Okay. And does that mean he's gone for months at a time and then comes Back? No, he works from home. He travels like two weeks out of the year maybe. Wow. There it is. Butt dust. Yep. All right, Taylor. Well Tatum, Close enough. There you go. Okay. Okay. You know what? Do you ever skateboard? I have. You have skateboarded?


Yeah. Okay. We have a KILL TONY Skateboard. Colt makes these and he puts it up here just in case somebody skateboards. I find that your charisma is better than a small joke book, but the jokes weren't quite good enough for a big joke book. So you're leaving here with the first ever KILL TONY Skateboard. Thank you so much. Look at that. That's fair. Not bad enough for the torpedo. Not unlikeable enough for a small joke book, but only top talked about butt dusts. Alright, are we having fun out there tonight?


Back to the Buck Wego. Make some noise for Cameron iig. Everybody. Cameron Illig is next on KILL TONY the number one live podcast in the world. Oh, we know Cameron. This is Cam Patterson's friend. Cam Illig. My girlfriend, my girlfriend's mad at me because she said, she said hypothetically if we had a daughter and our daughter, Sergeant OnlyFans, would you be upset about that? And I said, yes I would. And then she yelled at me, she said, that's because you're not progressive for women. And I said, listen bitch, it's the opposite. I'm the progressive one. You think our daughter's only good for her big tits?


I think. I think my daughter could be whatever she wants to be. My daughter could dream, my daughter could be a lawyer. My daughter could be a pilot for spirit. My daughter. My daughter could be a surgeon. Not mine. But somebody's, you know, I have big hopes for her, you know? And I just think it's weird because your daughter's 50% you, you know, so if your daughter has an OnlyFans, then it's like, this is not how I wanted to start a family business. That's not what I wanted to do. You know? But your daughter said you, that's why your, I think it's okay if your son has an OnlyFans. I would be fine with that. If my son had an OnlyFans. That's okay. Because if my son can sell our penis.


Godspeed brother. I have been trying to give this thing away for free my whole life. How did you, how did you figure this out? Alright, thank you. Cameron iig. We know him well. Famously moved here from Orlando, Florida with his best pal Cam Patterson years ago, two years or so, right? Yeah. About two year, two and a half. Yep. So how's life going for you? Jokes are good. Comedy's good. Graduated. Graduated from college. Yes. You fuck your math tutor? I fucked my math tutor. I have a thing for Asians. What did you get a degree in? In data analytics?


What? It's some bullshit. It doesn't matter. It Matter. Clearly not English. It's What computers do. Oh, I said data analytics. There you go. Okay. I'm sorry. Bad. It was fast. Data analytics. Data Analytics. You got a, I've been hanging out with Cam too long and you know it comes out right. Data analytic. He hasn't been able to find his data in a long time. No, I'm kidding. We all know his dad. I'm kidding. He is an easy guy to find. Yes. He's always there. Cam, tell us more. What's going on in your life? I don't know. I'm trying to be cooler. Yeah, that ain't happening. Yeah, I know. I have one Look. It's not cool. It's not nerd, but it's not cool. Which sucks. You look like every backup college quarterback.


The quarterback takes a rough hit. You see this guy starting to toss the ball around on the sideline, like, oh boy. We have not seen Cameron iig in a game. This is gonna be his first time taking snaps on the field. He is a four star high school recruit out of a town with no mayor, only a manager. And here he is also known as the butt dust assassin. He's coming in. He famously lost a testicle at one point and found it. Oh. Oh, got it. Okay. Did you play sports growing up? I did. I played soccer and baseball.


Right? Yeah. I tried to play football and then I only wanted to play kicker. And they said if you only play kicker, you're a so you can't play kicker. They wanted me to play a different position. I was like, no, I don't want to get hurt. Right. Don't wanna get hurt. Yeah. Okay. How about now in life, Cameron? How's life going? What's your love life like? You seem like the kind of comedian that would make a joke about having sex with a black woman that actually hast. Yeah. Have you ever been with a black woman? Of course. Really? Of course not. You didn't? Lemme finish. Oh right. But do you have a joke about hooking up with a black woman? Do I? No. Okay. No. I have black roommate jokes, Hence of course.


But No, no black. No black. How about normal nor regular old? What's your dating life like? I have a girlfriend. You Have a girlfriend? Yes. How long have you been with her? Two years now. What Does she do? Well now she's in England. She just serves bartenders In England. Wow. Your girlfriend is in England? Yeah. She goes to a different country. Yeah. How, how long has she been in England? Bro? You know, if I say bro at the end of the question, it's not good. This imaginary girlfriend of yours, It's been about six months. She's pregnant and I You're kidding?


Yes, Of Course. Right. Okay. Yes. But it has been six months. Well, there's been VIIa, like she's been here for like two months at a time type of thing. What do you mean? And I went over there. What do you Mean? Because you have to, you just can visit. You can't stay there forever. You can stay for like three months I think. So she goes, she's an American. Yeah. No, no, she's English. Okay. And so when's the last time you saw her? March. Okay. How off you guys talk every day? I'm gonna cry. Yeah, I know. This is sad. I think we're all gonna cry. 'cause we're realizing that your girlfriend's getting dicked down by some fucking, Some Muslim.


Yeah, Exactly. London is broiled right now. DAVID LUCAS, What bar does she work at in England? I don't fucking know Because I go there in two weeks. I want to fuck her. Oh, you're too big. Too big. Nah, nigga. No. Yeah, for Sure. You look gay. Oh, I can take your girl. Wow. Got real here for a second. And you just, David looked a man in the eyes and said, I'm going to fuck your girlfriend. She ain't never had stomach on her forehead, nigga. I'm gonna show her what it's about. You gotta fit through the door first.


Oh shit. Oh my God. This is not turned into a Rose Battle. I don't know what y'all, Oh my god. No, I Don't want it to be there. I love you. Wow. Okay. Cameron, anything else crazy we should know about you? No, I mean I, I I want to, I I wanna be cooler so I go to rock shows. That's my thing. That's what Rock shows. That's what I think is cool. That's in my head. Is what Is cool. You go to rock shows. Yeah. 'cause you know we're in Austin. It's Like rock And roll. It's a live performing music, you know, city. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. So I, I go, I went to a hardcore rock show And what do you do with these things? Do you stand in the back with a bottle of water?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You couldn't pay me $30,000 to dance. I don't know how anybody danced on unironically. Really? Yes. You don't think we could pay you $30,000 to dance? Yes, I do actually. What's happening? Well, we have, I'm not gonna pay you anything, but I wanna see, gimme some dance music. No, don't talk. No, you have to do it Cameron. You're not, you're not leaving here until you dance. Well, What's a dance? We're gonna hold you hot. What's a dance? Whoa. What's a dance? See this it. All right, this is gay. Get outta here. Get outta here. Cameron. You already have a joke book, right? Yeah. Okay. There he goes. Cameron Nowick.


I told you he had a dance. The guy had a dance. Heidi refilling the never ending gullet of DAVID LUCAS. Yet again. Another drink for David up here. It's apple juice. If you're wondering what David's drinking. Diabetic jet fuel. Apple juice. Every diabetic's favorite beverage. Welch's apple juice. All right, your final bucket, pull of the night goes by the name of Timmy. No brakes. Timmy. No brake. Ooh, I think I heard a pop from the comedians section there.


Timmy. No breaks. What do you say, Timmy? No breaks. When did slave the whole stage shakes? Timmy? No breaks. Timmy. No breaks. Timmy? No. How long takes for people to get to the stage? Here? Here he's Your final bucket of the night. Timmy. A no. Yeah, like you said, my name's Timmy. No breaks and you might wanna buckle the fuck up.


Get this. I was at the nut store, I was buying nuts. I go up to the fucking way. The thing the woman's like, that's gonna be a hundred dollars. I was like, bitch, I got fucking bills to pay. You guys ever heard of a fucking punchline? What the f? All right, don't worry. You are gonna love this one. Get this. I was at the doctor. Yeah, the fucking doctor.


I go up to this doctor, he is like, tell me no breaks. You have cancer, you need treatment. I'm like, what are you talking about? I'm a healthy guy. I'm a young boy. He's like, you need treatment. I'm like, how much is that gonna cost? He's like a hundred dollars. I was like, bitch, that's a good deal. What? This is great a shit. This is good shit. What the fuck Timmy? No breaks everybody. Wow. What The fuck, Timmy. Hi Timmy.


Did you just watch dice once? Yeah, I've heard that before. I've heard that. What do you really like? How long you been doing standup? Too Long. Two months. Two months? All right. That's my good. Where are you from? Jersey. Jersey. All right. Timmy? No. Wow. Okay. Timmy. He's having the time of his life. Yeah. This is good. So Timmy, you've been doing standup for two months?


Yeah, two months. How old are you? I'm 18. How old are you, Timmy? That's rude. That's fucking, how old are you? How old are you Timmy? I'm 24. Really? Guy. That's fucking, how old are you? How old are you Timmy? 24 years old Man. Really? Yes. This is fucking guys. Come on. I'm a guest here. What the fuck? Hey, Let's go. I'm 36.


There it is. There it is. Timmy. What have you been doing your whole life up until this point? I worked for my father for a long time. He was a fishing man. And so I worked for him. And then, you know, I got caught up in some shit. Like what? I did some, I did some time. I don't. It was coke. I was a coke guy. I did some Coke shit. And then, you know, got out and I found Stan up and I, you know, never looked back. Not how, how long were, It's not okay. This is my life. How long were you in jail for? I was two months. Two months.


Everything's two months with you? No, not everything is two months. It's also a hundred dollars. Yes. Two months and a hundred dollars. Holy shit. It's a fucking black Kool-Aid, man. Boom, roasted. Got your ass bitch. Wow. Timmy. No breaks. Got Your ass bitch. Timmy. No breaks eggs. Again, just fully committed to this, to this character. Timmy, what do you, what do you, what do you do for fun in real life now? Are you still on Coke? You can't, no. You know I, what's up?


Yes, yes you are. Do you live in Austin now? Yeah, I moved here. How long have you lived here? Two months. Hit me. No breaks. True Story. Timmy. No breaks. Getting the lights to change in the room. Timmy. How do you make money? I sell weed. You sell coke? No, I sell weed now. I'm, I'm, I'm straight. I'm straight. I'm straight. I'm, I'm straightish. What fucking Dr.


Evil Goddamn. Boom. Roasted. Woo. This bitch. What are you drinking? Fucking gay shit. Goddamn. Boom. Unbelievable. Unreal. Oh, what? I'll take, I'll take that golden ticket it bitch. Oh My God. Oh, take that Golden. Take it bitch. Timmy. You're not even getting a big joke book, Timmy. That's fine. I don't write. We know. Timmy. We saw your act though. You know what a punchline is? One of your famous lines. Timmy, tell us something about you than the fact that you, that you did cocaine.


Just give us One more little tidbit about You got it. I mean, I love my mother. Yeah, I love that bitch. It's not that interesting, but it's true. Yeah. Sorry. Is she proud of you? She's not. Has she needs, Has she? Well, she, she passed away. She passed away two months ago. Yeah, it was, yeah, it was hard. And Did she get, did you bury her or did she get boom roasted? No, we burned her. You know, she was in a kiln or whatever, you know what I mean?


And how Did she die? Embarrassment. That's my fucking mother. You're talking about gay guy? This guy's gay. Timmy. You're a funny guy. Dude. You're a funny guy. Timmy. I like your style. Normally I hate anything that sounds at all like Andrew Dice Clay, who was literally doing your act 45 years ago. But I look at you never heard Of him. I take dick. We shut my cock. All right. All right. Timmy.


If I had to give your, if I had to give your interview and set a grade on a report card, I would give it a a, Oh, There he goes. Timmy. No breaks. Wow. He immediately gives it to a fan. Right? Bitch. He gives it right to an audience member. Unbelievable. A man of the people. A man of the people. Timmy. No breaks. Yeah. Wow. What an amazing force of nature. Timmy. Oh, the guy gave it back. Very good, sir. Very good. You know what?


Just 'cause you're a good guy. Here's a little joke book. Ladies and gentlemen. There's only one way to end an episode like this. We need to wash out the memory of Timmy. No breaks. And there's only one way to do it. There's, there's one human, Ladies and gentlemen who is yet another KILL. TONY Hall of Famer, the record holder for all time appearances on the show. The record holder for all time interviews on the show. He's very excited to be back at Vulcan Gas Company, the simple container box where we held the show for years while waiting for the mother ship to be built.


This guy became one of the most popular comedians in the world. He's now touring all over, Ladies and gentlemen. Makes some noise for the vanilla gorilla, the Memphis Strangler. The one, the only, the big red machine. This is William Montgomery. How is it going? Vulcan Gas Company. Weirdly enough, it's actually been two months since I've last been here.


And also, it's always so nice when I go up by the broom closet. I think about Hans sexually assaulting women up there. So it's always nice. Hold on, I'm actually getting a telephone call. Let me see. Ssa. Hello? Yeah. No, I actually do not want to join. Biden's got terminal prostate cancer. Say what you will about Hillary Clinton. But that bitch is creative.


And for those that don't know about Mins, I actually have a really high IQ people. That's, and that was whistle while you twerk climbing up to the number eight spot. Once again, I'm Casey Kaso. And don't forget Bush did nine 11. Hey red band. I can't remember what you said last night. What is the best back to school gun? It's so weird. Red band gets these fantasies about shooting up schools and he tells me when these guns going special. Tony, that is my time. Thank you so much. Wow.


God, that other guy was so good. Tony. I'm down there thinking I'm not gonna follow this though. I Can tell, I can tell you seem a little shell shocked If the fucking Mensa calls me right when I'm up here. That's so embarrassing. Yeah, It's hard to follow Timmy. No breaks. I mean, the guy did something we've never seen before. He gets tossed. A big joke book says, fuck this. Gives it to someone in the front row. Honestly. Yeah. Well, by the way, Bon Eye is pissed. Bon Eye. The guy who makes those literally is pissed right now. Well, I mean, I, I just, Tim no breaks is, is so charismatic that I feel like if Bon Eye went up to start shit with Timmy, no brakes. Timmy, no brakes would make Bonai make him a brand new leather jacket by the end of it.


I just think Timmy no brakes is a force of nature. I don't know. Well, he is. Got a gun. I literally bought a gun from him last weekend in the alleyway behind here. Yeah. Seriously? Yeah. That's why I was so nervous. He's like, don't talk about the gun. And it's like, well, I gotta talk about it. But so nice to be back here at Vulcan. Yeah. Talk about it. How does it make you feel? What do you remember about this place? Oh my gosh. Just how hot and sweaty it would Get up in the fucking broom closet. I would be up there with tons and we weren't doing anything bad, but it would just get, get so hot and sweaty and I would just watch Hans and we'd have the drones going.


But, but you and Hans used to do drugs in that broom closet. Am I correct? We did one time, one weekend. The first weekend I was in Austin, I was still doing a bunch of cocaine. That's right. I stick do it in the broom closet with Hans. Yep. No doubt about it. And look at you now. Clean and sober camouflage shorts. Yeah, I'm wearing these a lot right now. Tony. You like those? Yeah, I like these. And I realized after hanging out with Hans in the closet, I don't like Asian people that much. And it was right when you had the stuff going on with that guy and It was the Asian Yeah, The Asian guy. And I'm thinking, what is going on? Yes. Tony just hired some Asian Guy. This is the spot.


This is Happy Asian heritage month. Everybody. I'm kidding. I forgot all about it. I know, I'm kidding. Those were wild times. It was, it was wild times. To think that that would end up being my second biggest cancellation is pretty crazy. 'cause that was the news for a couple days. Yeah. Love. When you were on Roseanne saying the stuff, What? Oh, I thought you were talking about for the second cancellation or which one That that thing I did for the president of the United States a few months ago. Yeah. So William, what's going on in life? What are you passionate about this week?


Oh my gosh. Well Tony, it's actually kind of strange. I started doing these paint by number things. It's like this watercolor and Tony, I'm just loving all the different colors I can use to paint the water colors. Yeah, dude, we're talking about, oh my gosh. All different kinds of colors. What are some of your favorite colors? Shit. Maybe a yellow. And sir, where are you going sir? What's your favorite color? Dumb ass. Seriously, what's your, I get the feeling it's not black. That guy looks like a real Texan right there. And what are some, what are some more of your favorite colors?


Shit. Maybe Like a beige. Ooh, not beige. I don't really like that color that much. God, maybe like an indigo. Oh no. Y'all do it a little maybe more without They, they get, they play Maybe like a brown. Yeah. Yeah. They feed off of your energies. William, I don't know if you've noticed that. Maybe a polka. Wait. That's not as fun though.


Polka dot isn't a color. Yeah. That's not even a color. Tony. How am I already running out of colors? I thought, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna choose colors tonight. Why don't you just look around and Think, oh my gosh. Maybe a green orange. I'm running, running out. Tony, there's People yelling colors at you. Everybody wants you to say brown it seems right now. And you wanna say it brown. Say it Brown.


Gimme a better color. Somebody gimme a ballor color. Magenta. Ooh. Ooh. Maybe a und D. No. Hold on. Like a und D Magenta. Ooh, magenta has been called. Do you like magenta? Magenta. Oh wait, red man, help me. Dumb man. Everybody thought you said red, red, red, red. Not very passionate about these colors. I thought you loved colors. Yeah, I was like, I was lying a little.


Tony. Wow. We've never seen you quite like this before. William. Any other colors that perhaps you're excited about? Oh my gosh, I didn't even think about Sifo. Green Sea foam. Green Sea foam Green. I think you already said green, but sea foam green is like a lighter. It has blue in It. Any other colors before we get out of here tonight that you'd like to passionately name some people up in the upper deck suggesting Turquoise fucking gas company?


David, help dude. David and William, famously old friends two. The first two, other than Michael Lair first two members of the Hall of Fame here in Koni. I used to watch David have sex with women in the hotel rooms. I would be hidden in the closet. It'd be like, I'd be like, dude, are you sure this is okay? And he'd throw me one of his shirts. He'd be like, just get under the shirt and it's okay. Which was so sweet. But yeah, I'd be having a hover in the fucking closet. And he's having sex with these women on beds. And What's funny is that from my seat, everybody would've thought that you were just kidding, William.


But I can hear David go stop it. No, you kidding? I fucking love it. William Montgomery. You did it again. We did it again.


That's another episode of KILL TONY brought you by Express VPN via an Incogni. Ladies and gentlemen, woo.


How about one more time for Christina Mariani? Everybody. Christina mariani.com. Follower on Instagram, C-R-I-I-M-A-R-I-I, David Lucas as fishing with DAVID LUCAS. DAVID LUCAS comedy.com. The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in and it is stunning. It is indeed. Christina Mariani and David Lucas. We have to reset the room. Let's go. Red band. Love you guys. Thank you. We love you. Thank you. Goodnight everybody.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now over. Check out Red Band's Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Three months. We've of course all observed massive shifts in foreign aid, and undoubtedly these shifts have have just made a massive impact on civil society, both non-profit and for-profit actors across the different countries where accountability lab is working. I just want to hear from our different country directors in the countries where they're working, what have you observed? What are the, what are the biggest changes you've seen?