
Hey, this is Red Band and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony Hinchcliffe. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, Shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, live from Gas company here in Austin, Texas for a brand new episode of Who's ready for the best fucking night of their lives tonight. Huh? Brian Redban in the Best Stand Band in the Land, Ladies and gentlemen, am I correct?


Indeed, that is Michael Gonzalez on the drums, Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos Sosa Rancheros. This is Matt mulling right here behind me on the Electric. This is Jon Deas on The Keys. And believe it or not, Ladies and gentlemen, that is D Madness. That's the first time I've ever gotten to use the Blind Stick before. That's very exciting. This is KILL TONY, brought to you by Shopify Nicked and open phone. You're at the number one live podcast in the world.


Some people in including YouTube and Netflix are saying We're the new number one comedy show in the world. Everybody right here in Austin, Texas, where it all started in Austin, VUL and Gas Company. Not a lot of people know this, but we came straight here during the pandemic. We didn't go anywhere else in Austin. We support no other clubs other than of course, our new home of the comedy mothership. And we decided why not do some fun throwback episodes in the grungy fucking one of the, just the dirtiest sixth street clubs that there is. We're back at VUL and Gas Company and you are here. Those of you lucky enough to get tickets within the first four minutes of them being on sale.


We're gonna have fun tonight. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back, and this year all customers get a profit Boost to BET Home runs every week. So gear Up to Go Yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 Plus in Presidents Select states opt-in required bonus issued is novel Driver Profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show? You know, every single week I book two or one sometimes of the funniest people in the world. This is a two person show. And because we're at Vulcan and because this is just grungy true Austin, Texas feel, to me it's not brand new. It's smoky, it's leaky. This building's very leaky. And it just reminds me of a random ass fun night in Austin. So I invited not only two of the best comedians in the world, but two of my favorite Austinites, two of my favorite drinking buddies. Two of the best comedians in the world working today indeed.


Make some noise for JOE DEROSA and ARI MATTI, the Estonian assassin and the Dirty Pig. JOE DEROSA Mile Horrendous assassin. Oh my God. Oh my God. Live in the flesh. ARI MATTI. Here We go. Here We go. Here We go. How are we doing? Okay, thank God Are he's the man.


This is the dirt ball pig himself. JOE DEROSA, The King Pig. How Are you buddy? We're having fun tonight. I'm so Excited to be back here. The first time I ever did KILL TONY and Austen, it was at the Vulcan and it's been at the mothership ever since. But it's so fucking cool to be back here at this place. It's a vibe. Ari, you got to perform Here. Never. Really. Never. You were post mothership. Post mothership. Wow. Amazing. Amazing. We Did it. Hundred. This is where you did it. Hunter plus episodes. Oh, red band's tits are shaking. What's going on? What are you laughing at Over here? Oh, okay. Fun, fun, fun.


Sorry. I Was trying to get a look at his tits. Yeah, they are some fucking sweet fucking They are Good tits, thick and hardy Old Turkey breasts over here. Alright, you guys know how the show works? About a 200 or so comedians make some noise real quick. Wait, you guys are all comedians. That's psychotic. You guys don't take direction very well, but I like your energy. They're back there. That's the point. There's a couple hundred comedians smashed over on the other side of the room. The overflows at a bar next door. It's all chaos. If I pull one of their names out of the bucket, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know their time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear, which loudly interrupts their set.


And then I conduct an interview and we talk shit and figure out more about them. They go through an entire interview process and yeah, that's the gist of it. But to start tonight's show, Ladies and gentlemen, how many of you are fans of KILL TONY? How many of you are here because you had rich parents and you live in Austin? You want to be part of the coolest thing in town? Okay, that was good. Nobody failed that task. Well, fans of the show, you're in for a very special treat. This man is a KILL TONY Hall of Famer to start this show tonight. He's one of the most powerful regulars in the history of the show.


Ladies and gentlemen, rose, God make some noise for the one and only David Lucas. Everybody. Oh My God. The show starting with David Lucas. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I was born in the wrong generation. I feel like I should have been 30 like in the eighties or the seventies because like girls in 2025 are too freaky for me. Like I hate this squirting shit. I I don't like it. It is like, do you think bitches were squirting during slavery?


They couldn't. They were too dehydrated. You know what I'm saying? I don't know when this squirting shit became popular, bro. I think squirting came out with Ugg boots, you know what I'm saying? U Ho started wearing Uggs and started pissing everywhere. It's weird. It's always weird when you fuck a girl and she squirt. She's like, oh my God. I just squirted it is like, bitch, you didn't squirt, you just fuck my mattress up bitches. This is a purple mattress. Ho, I gotta throw this shit out now. But ladies, if you do have to squirt, which we know by now is pee, we just have one request, just please hydrate. You know what I'm saying? Drink some fucking water because don't nobody want that mimosa ass piss.


You hoes be having that shit be strong as hell. Like mixing clo rocks with Fabuloso. I gotta, I gotta wear goggles to eat your pussy bitch. All right. That's it. Thank you David Lucas? Yeah, I did. I just look at this gay nigga and start laughing. Who me Nigga? You your head too big to be gay David. Don't you find that the squirt dilutes the barbecue sauce stains that are already on the mattress? I mean, she's doing you a favor JOE DEROSA big head bitch. When you eat a bitch out your forehead gonna be giving her tongue kisses.


You have so many food packages delivered to your house. They had to change the name of the app to post office. Mate, You look like you got a football helmet on. Nigga. Shut the fuck. Fucking New York gents helmet wearing motherfucker. You got a big ass head. Nigga. You, if you head but a nigga, you going to jail for murder. I thought they discontinued chocolate Twizzlers. You have them on your head right now. Jesus Christ bro. I hate to see you put on a fucking motorcycle helmet, nigga. God damn. How would you be an astronaut nigga? That's, I don't know, I just wanna shoot you in it.


David Lucas. What's up nigga? Talking about making girls squirt. Is that a thing that you do? Can you do that sometimes? Yeah. Yeah. How do you, how do you do that? What? What are you, it's not your sweat that's was there the end of a session. You the Only nigga that can squirt get the fuck outta. Wow. Well Now you put it in and then you go like this. Oh, okay. Cur curl it and then one Finger. I got big fingers dog. So this got Really tiny fingers. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The bowling ball. Yeah. Give it that Speak. Speaking of bowling balls, David Lucas is still here round and black?


Indeed. Tony, how's life been? David? Life has been amazing, nigga. Just trying to stay away from gay niggas like you. Wow. How often are you around gay n Edwards? Like man, Every time I do, every time I do KILL TONY, You son of a bitch. Real homophobia. You're wiping a lot of sweat off your face. It's Hot up here dog. God, this bitch smoky. Is it this? This shit like a a fucking, this shit like a rap music video. Sir. Dad girl is poison. Huh? I feel like, Hey The Fuck David, what else have you been up to? You've been on the road and stuff? Yes sir. Touring all across the country. Doing the Killers of KILL, TONY, tour.


Me, Ari Cam, Martin Phillips, Aaron Blouse. What's like Travel Cripple? Three blacks and me. That's the core. Killers have KILL TONY. That's the core. It's the most KILL TONY shit ever bro. It is Two retards, a white and three niggas. That shit fun as hell bro. I hope that shit don't ever stop. I have so much fun. Tell me about the like the road part, not the shows. What's it like? Like being out with Martin Phillips and stuff? I don't go out with that Nick. I do. You do? Yeah I do. I have time. I have patience already. Be riding in the car with dude When it's windy outside. We're going wherever the wind takes us. You know what I'm saying?


Martin ain't fighting wind, You know? You know Martin Phillips, he just leads towards a direction and hopes for the best. You know Martin Phillips drives from show to show. I'm driving, I'm in his car. I know Estonia, dude. The scar as shit. Dude, I take edibles and I'm, I just watch Martin Drive, dude. We're overtaking people. We're smoking weed. It's crazy. You should see when people look in the car and they're like, he's driving. God damn right. That shit weird as hell bro. Wow. Hell yeah. My goodness. You should join us on one. Don't that shit be hard as hell. Yeah, I'll pop in On one. People always ask, where's Tony?


Yeah, that's a Separate ticket. I'd like somewhere getting fucked. You Son of a bitch. How dare you? What do you eat when you're on the road? Every, Everything, Every, you should see the rider when in the group chat. Everyone gets their order. You should see this motherfucker. Oh, please tell please give me the fucking hot Wait Pa, I wish I had my phone, nigga. The Fucking Russian that killed Apollo Creed's trying to roast me. I must Store to you. He die. Get the fuck outta here boy. Well that goddamn wham bam shirt though nigga. That shit look like comic comic book. The way he keeps doing jokes.


I can tell there's a lot on this rider. I wanna know more about the rider. Know. Don't get us with the rider. Two Rotis chicken. No, Dude. Threes of what am I like? Cooler. All The producers are like, this is not an easy rider. Yeah, It literally just looks like a list of stereotypes. One CD burner. This guy's got one hell of a chicken bucket list. One fire detector with no batteries. Hey man, fuck you nigga. You gonna ask for a avocado sized ibuprofen nigga.


Big head apple. Three Job applications. Tony, You A probation officer. Live in the flesh. David Lucas's rider. Everybody. That's Tony. Are you? That's, that's what's waiting for you in green rooms. If you guys, Tony, your cheese won't pickles and cucumbers. I'm surprised. You know what those vegetables are. David, you son of a Bitch. How dare You son of a bitch. We're having fun here. David, you are the greatest person to get a show started. You are so much fun. Anything else you wanna say to this audience? What do you shit These people?


Nah, y'all know where to find me at David. Look at this Indian guy with a backwards hat trying to punch. That's An Indian. That nigga black as hell. That nigga look like a character on Mort Kombat. You can't unlock that motherfucker black as shit. Boy. What the fuck? He really put the end in Indian. God. That is why I know. 'cause I'm like, you Indian for real? You ain't a nigga. God damn bro. That's why I know. 'cause I was looking. I'm like, oh thank God we have a cool black. Ah fuck. Ah. It's a fucking, it's a tech guy from San Francisco.


Am I right? You work in tech, you grew up here, but you work, you work in tech. Yes, Of course. Of course I do. I'm from Boston. Don't ever say you're from, got no tech part. Right, but you say Francisco again. I swear to God I'm from Texas. I have multiple guns. Nine millimeter. He is the black. He black as Him. He is. This is the darkest Indian I've ever seen in my life. You could see his red dog if he had one. Yeah, He looks like slum doggy dog. He working at seven 11 and still outta the cash register.


He looks like he'd fly an airplane into a KFC. If he tried to fly one, it'd run outta ville. He hit a building And he definitely wouldn't have insurance on his airplane. No seat belts on his plane. Boy yo, yo ass. Me holding on like you riding the train. But two 12 inch subwoofers for some reason in the cockpit. All right, David Lucas, you're the man. You got it started. Here we go. It's on KILL. TONY Live from Vulcan Gas Company. That's the KILL TONY Hall of famer right there starting the show. David Lucas, one of four members of the Hall of Fame.


All right, this is your first bucket pool tonight. This is where anything can happen. Maybe it's a local top rising young comedian. Maybe it's someone that's been trying for years to get on this show. Maybe it's a completely insane person. Anything can happen. This is 60 seconds uninterrupted from Taylor Neely. Everybody Taylor Neely is starting the bucket portion of the show. Here we go. Make some noise One more time for Taylor Neely. Everyone. I recently, I recently found out I'm 2% Italian, so I have been hitting my girlfriend.


I got some bad news today. My veterinarian called and told me my dog is sick. Like he's really shut up. Yeah, he is really fucking sick. Like he can't stop riding skateboards and smoking cigarettes. My dog is sick, dude. Are you guys afraid of artificial intelligence? Yeah, I'm not. But I have smoked crack cocaine with the homeless and that is something chat GPT cannot do after this. Actually I'm gonna order a Waymo and have it drive me off a bridge the other day. You ever see someone in the front seat of a Waymo? It looks like they're having their imaginary friend drive the car. The other day I saw a homeless person washing the windshield on a Waymo.


It's a driverless car also. There was no one in that car. It was a personless car. Thank you. All right. Taylor Neely, you've been on this show before, correct? Yes. Welcome back. How long has it been? October. Okay. Do you sign up every week? Pretty much. All right. And how long have you been on standup? A little over four years. Four years? All of it. Here in Austin? No, in Atlanta before This. Okay. How long have you been here? Since August. Since August? Okay. All right. How's this different than Atlanta? Tell the people around the world how Austin's different than Atlanta. Let's all say it together. Less black.


That's true. It's true. It's a true thing. I'm not making that up. It's not racist. It's just a true thing. I thought I, I I want to give an honest critique of your set. I thought when you stopped trying to be shocking, which you were trying to do at the beginning. Yeah. And when you stopped saying things that were obviously fake about your dog playing Xbox, whatever the fuck that joke was when you started to actually say real things. You saw, you started getting big laughs. Man, stick to that shit. Stick to the real shit, dude. Yeah. Yeah. Well I wanted to, last time I was here I did, I did like audience call and response stuff and Tony, you didn't like that as much.


So I wanted to just Neither did the crowd or the viewers at home. I like that you're putting it on me. Well, Nobody liked it. It's not like I have some irrational No, I Viewpoint you, you Almost went into the crowd during your set, so you almost went off. Someone was talking. Yeah. Yeah. We noticed when you said shut the fuck up. Yeah, we were aware. Yeah. But I, I just, I just wanted to do a bunch of jokes back to back is what I wanted to do. That was my plan and I did that. Okay. Well you did your plan jokes back to back next time do good ones. What do you do for work?


Handyman. You're a handyman. You have huge forearms. I'm noticing you do Popeye like forearms. I, I did wrestle from first grade to senior of high school, so, okay. In Ohio. Wow. So you're originally from Ohio? Yes. Columbus. Okay. I was just outside Youngstown actually. What were you doing outside of Youngstown? I was visiting my friend who lives in Boardman. Nothing cool. Just visiting my friend. That's where the rich kids are from. Is that true? It seemed like a nice area. 'cause I know some areas aren't As Yeah, Youngstown's. Boardman's a township outside. The people say when they move to other cities, they go, I'm from Youngstown and I can always tell I go Boardman. Yeah. 'cause they look normal and human. Yeah. Like they had parents and water as a kid.


Yeah. It's a whole thing. People from Youngstown get it. Don't worry about it. Not the victim. What do you do for fun Taylor? For Fun. I golf. I love to golf. Go to the gym. I'm sober so I have to not drink. Why are you sober? What happened? 'cause I'm an alcoholic and a drug addict. What happened? I'll smoke the lie. I'll, yeah, I'll smoke crack cocaine immediately. Really? You've smoked crack cocaine. What was bottom? What was bottom? Bottom. There's lower than crack cocaine. Yeah, but I wanna know That's not the bottom. The worst thing that No, I am not saying drugs worse. I wanna know what's the most regretful night of crack you've ever done? Sucking the world wants to know And now he answers the question.


Well, Since I've been to Austin, I've been to the psych ward twice, so, Okay. Two bottoms, turns out bottom is in the basement. Why are you not talking about that in your act? That's, that's the shit you gotta do instead of your dogs riding a fucking skateboard around town. Yeah. Thought you were in a goddamn psych ward. Yeah. Yeah. Turns out your dog's healthier than you are. Tell us about the psych ward. Yeah, Well I was on the regular floor like for sad people and the Regular floor. Oh yeah, the floor. No, the regular sad people floor and the floor above are like the real crazy people. We went into this like gymnasium one day and there was this guy just like some people you see out on sixth Street, like legitimately crazy people.


And he started yelling about Joe Biden and saying this was Joe Biden's fault and just, you know, well that Guy's right. He's not that crazy. That guy sounds like a genius to me. That's the same shit I was saying. And I wasn't in the psych ward at all. I love though, I love that no matter how low of a bottom somebody hits, they always think there's somebody worse. Right? So he's in a psych ward and they're like, no, no, no. The really crazy people are up there. No, no, no. You're on the normal crazy. You're showing signs of improvement. You're doing good. Stick with us here. Your program's almost up. Those guys are gonna be here forever. Those ones that are right about modern day politics. Okay, Taylor, give us one more crazy fun fact about you.


One more crazy fun fact about me. Oh, guy fii paid me $1,000 one Time. Okay, let's go back actually. So when you say you've been to the psych ward here twice, was that immediately after like crazy crack benders? No, it was just, it was alcohol withdrawal and I said I was gonna kill myself. Oh, What floor is that? Regular. How what? Kill yourself is first floor or second or third? Second Floor. Third Floor is the top. What? Third. That's what's where I wanna go third That real cies. Second is just sad alcoholics. And one is administrative, I guess. How Close did you come to actually killing yourself, do you think? I don't know. When you get to alcohol withdrawal dts are pretty rough. And you're shaking and seeing bugs out of the corner of your eye and it sucks a lot.


And I had like guns out in my apartment and my friend came over and then he called the police and it was more for a cry of help. I don't know if I would've done it, but how, How much were you drinking right before then to have those types of withdrawals? Oh, this is the most pussy shit ever. I drank twisted teas for like 24 hours a day. 24 hours a day. Such a funny alcoholic like twist tea. Put 'em on the, these twisted teas dog put him on the first floor. He is not crazy. He's just a pussy suicidal over a tea.


Take the fuck outta here today. Aw, somebody have too much tea. Too Much tea. Crack and twisted tea. I love it. Oh my God. Turns out I have all the tea. 24 hours of tea it. It's fucking twisted. Holy shit man. So 24 hours a day. Let's talk about the amount. Let's talk about a measurable like amount. Are we talking tall cans? Well, I don't know. 'cause I think once you go through dts the first time, your body goes to it quicker the second time and it's just, I probably 30 to 50, 12 ounce cans a day.


Wow. That's a lot of sugar. Is that a lot? Yeah. Oh yeah. It's also the, That's A lot of sugar, bro. Sharing caffeine. I think David Lucas has your same addiction. Yeah. Yeah, He does. The non-alcoholic Twisted tea. Hey, y'all, gimme 30, 50 cans a day. Motherfucking, All Right. All right, Taylor. So that's crazy. That's wild. What would you do in these states of mind? 30 50 twisted tees in Oh, Watch college football and watch. Watch. Fucking Awesome. Watch. Watch Bob does sports on YouTube. Watch YouTube videos and pass out and come to watching long form golf videos.


Wow. I went to the psych ward. What the, when Ohio State played Oregon. I passed out halfway through that game. Ooh. And then I Went to the psych ward that night. Yeah. Yeah. That was a rough game. Hey, but guess who won it all. Tony. We got 'em back buddy. OH. All right, my friend. Congratulations. Fun times Interesting, interesting stuff. I agree with Joe. Rough start. But at the end you picked it up. Fucking talk about your crazy life, dude. People will find you more interesting. You come across as a fucking sober Jesse Pinkman. You gotta fucking get into the good shit. Give us that. Good shit. You guys having fun yet?


You under, oh my God, it's Heidi. Holy shit. Holy shit.


All right. This podcast is sponsored by Nick. These are our favorite nicotine pouches hands. Diane, if you haven't made the switch to Nick pouches yet, now is the time I'm always reaching for Tropical Ice or crisp mint nicked. Premium nicotine pouches will elevate your nicotine experience. They're made with proprietary coconut fiber blend filler for a better nicotine absorption and a more comfortable mouth feel. Tony, I love Nick. The variety of flavors is so, so good. And the pouches last for hours. I don't have to switch these out as often as I did with the other pouches, So make the switch to nicotine pouches just like we did. We know you'll love these too. We have a special offer just for KILL TONY. Listeners. Nick hooked it up with 35% off your first three orders only if you order now at nick pouches.com/tony. That's ny katie pouches.com/tony, and you can get 35% off up to three times. Nick pouches.com/tony. Nick products are only for adults of legal age, and every order is age verified warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive camera girl.


All right, make some noise for your next bucket poll. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Aaron West. Aaron West. How many of you like it when comedians do good on this show? How many of you like it when comedians do bad on this show? All right, well, we'll see what happens here. Aaron West. Okay, here we go. Any second? She's coming from the east. Here he is. Make some noise. One more time for Aaron West.


Well, howdy, howdy, howdy. Y'all. Welcome to a little place. I like to call Texas. No, I've never been there before. Never been to this building. So tonight I was a little bit confused. You see, I was turning the corner and I saw an ocean of homeless people and a giant ass line to the front door. And I thought, well, damn, that place must have some pretty good soup. You see, you know, it's a good soup kitchen when people with shoes start lining up. Didn't know whether to get the hobo bisque or the cream of vagrant. Same soup, but a little more, you know, floaters now, folks.


Today I saw a sports car. I know what you're thinking, fellas. Sports car. Oh yeah. This is a Dodge Challenger, easy bba. And it had a decal on it that said scat pack. Now call me old fashioned, but he isn't packing scat. Just a fancy term for butt sex. This is my impersonation of a Hispanic man working at a Burger King. Moments after Dolly Parton walks out. Oh, top button, you see her. She had some impossible whoppers.


And that's It. All right. Aaron West. I like your style, man. You're a silly goose. I'm a little out there. Yeah, I like it. How long you been on standup? On and off, but mainly off for about 10 years. Okay. Hell yeah. Why off? Why? Why do you, why are you stopping? I like to drink new cocaine a lot more than I like to sit down and write. Wow. Yeah. Amazing. Not Anymore. Let's talk a little bit more about this here. Yeah. Let's, It's a common theme. Yeah. So what's your lowest point?


Yeah, I mean, similar. You know, you get to a point where Second floor. Oh, oh, I'm at the basement. This Is Third floor. I'm at the basement with a shovel. No, probably I rem the last day I drank, oh, the last day I drank folks. It was like any other day, except for I wasn't as drunk as I wanted to be. I was too drunk. And the next day I woke up with a tattoo of a lobster with boobs on my arm. And that's when I knew, put the cap on the bottle and put it in the basement, man. And that's where I was heading basement with a shovel.


Wow. Yeah, you fit in just right around there. Thanks. What do you do for work? I work at a restaurant. You're a waiter? Yeah. Yeah. How, how old are you? 35. 35, okay. What do you do for fun? Well, I, I write a lot. I make little wacky videos. They're called Beef Squeaks. Beef squeaks. Explain to us what those are. They're, It's like a one man show. I write on my, it's me doing multiple characters kind of like this, but a little more zany. Yeah.


It, it gets zainer. It does. Okay. It, yeah, it really does. When it's just me and a camera lock the doors. That is the perfect word to describe him is zany. He is extremely zany. Speaking of which Joe Dero is performing at zany in Nashville June 27th and 28th. That was very nice. Thank you. Thank You. Nice. He's also zany. I Am zany. I hope to see you all there. I enjoy your zas. I think if you figure out a way to be a little more organic with the mugging stuff, the me sure. You know that stuff. I feel like if you figure out a way to organically weave that in a little bit more, it's gonna be a really strong suit for you.


But I thought your jokes were really funny, man. That soup joke is really fucking funny. Appreciate it. Yeah. Seriously. Are you married? No, it's, I wear this for sobriety. Okay. It's like a, a promise to myself. Okay. Wow. I Meant to leave it in my pocket, but they were wandering me down and that's, I put it on my Finger. Incredible. How long have you had that sobriety ring on your finger? So I guess I was serious about sobriety once I hit a year, and I'm four and a half years now. Nice. Thanks. Very good. It's, It's, it's really wild doing it sober. Like I'm, it's really wild. I've never done comedy sober. Interesting. So you mean, you mean till 10 you Yes.


I hadn't done comedy in about seven, eight years. This Is your first time doing it in seven or eight years, Doing it sober? Yes. Incredible. Wow. Oh Hey, amazing. A lot of people, when they get sober from a crippling addiction, they fill their lives with another addiction. What do you think that addiction is since you haven't done standup since then? It must be something else. Is it women rollerblading? What is it? Or If they're walking No, I like, I like, I, I collect artwork, paintings. I have a lot of like a, a crazy amount of paintings. It's like kind of disgusting. Whoa. Wow. Like you walk some gold diggers right up there. Hey. I mean, Florida Ceiling. My place is like, you know, the like Etsy gallery walls, like every single wall is covered.


It's, it's kind of like people walk into my place and they're like, set back a little bit. It's a tiny little apartment in a nicer area, but it's super cheap. I tell people it's like, it's a forgotten apartment complex because all these like mansions were built around it and they're like, well, the pool boy has to live somewhere. Right. And like, those are our fucking apartments. Like What are the paintings of, I mainly, I personally love paintings of like 18th century, like, kinda like Mr. Burns, like creepy men. Like that's like what I have. You Look like a creepy Mr. Burns. Yeah. Yeah. A young Mr. Burns. Is that in Five mirrors? And you, So that's why people get creeped out. Every painting in your house looks like a painting. Looks like me. You cut the eyes out.


De spy on people. Yeah. It's a lot of people that look like you. Yeah. Maybe There's a young unsuccessful David Copperfield in there. Oh yeah. Are you Greek? Am I what? Are you Greek? No. Oh, Okay. Latino. Right. You're into Latino fashion. I see. Well, thank you. Oh, he did that as a joke earlier. Red band. That was a thing. Remember? You did a question. No, I'm German and German and Cherokee. German and what? And Cherokee Indian. What the fuck happened there? I don't know. Yeah. We hate the golf party. Yeah. I dunno. Wow. All right, Aaron. Fun times buddy. I liked your set. Here's a big joke.


Book so much. Boom. Good. Aaron West onto the next one. We go. I Think you're fascinating, man. Keep doing it. Start doing it after seven years. That's the back. Take care. Hey guys. Hell yeah. There he goes. Aaron West, everybody fun times. That's your kind of guy. He is a real hipster. He is. Got paintings on his wall. You're JOE DEROSA is a hip guy. I feel like if I got sober I would act like that. You would. Which is why I keep drinking. Whoa. What's up everybody? Whoa. Yeah. Thanks for having me. Tony. I'll be at Z's. All right. Your next bucket pool goes by the name of Cynthia Brazil.


Everybody. Cynthia Brazil. Here she is. One more time for Cynthia. Everyone. Ladies, I am thick and tired now. I'm not gonna beat around the bush because I am Brazilian. We don't do bushes. But as a woman, in order to savor two ounces of sausage, I have to put up with a 200 pound pig. And I don't hate, man, I, I shave my armpits.


But for example, if girls fuck boys, they're called sluts. If men do the exact same, they win an island. I'm not talking about Jeff Epstein. I'm talking about fuck Boy Island. Not the TV show. The Vatican. Oh, Hallelujah. That's my time. Okay. Cynthia Brazil. Man, what's crazy about that set is that the Fuckboy Island thing would've worked had we already not been convinced that you weren't funny before that. Ouch. Everything before shut up.


I loved Her. Really? I feel bad. Shut up, Tony. No, that was amazing, Cynthia. Wow. That was incredible. Cynthia, I can totally mentor you later. Yeah. Cynthia, shut up. Tony. Voice of a generation. Cynthia. Cynthia, how long you been doing standup? Little less than three years. Have You been on the show before? Nope. Okay. Less than three years. Where at? I'm at the Dingdong show every Monday with Don Barris.


That's right. I've done Australia. How long have you been the Dingdong show? It's gonna be a year next month. Wow. That is so cool. I did not know that. So you've been doing the Dingdong show every Monday for a year? Yes. And what do you do on the Dingdong Show? But those of you that don't know, the Dingdong show is famously the longest running show at the Comedy Store. It's not particularly a standup show. It's led by the great Don Baris, who's been our guest numerous times, the creator of the great movie Windy City Heat. And he has a very, how would you describe the show? It's hard to describe. I do standup. Right? Nicole Tran is in it too. She does standup, but there are some people that do their stuff and they're a little bit, you know, crazy.


Well, you know, you're familiar with the people that come here. A little autistic, A little, yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, we welcome Everyone. Absolutely. Yeah. It's a very open format. Yeah. So how, how long of a set do you do there? On Mondays Now I've been doing six, but before it was like 10, 15 sometimes. But, but then Dawn is amazing, Dawn and Mary Jane. So it's been really good to be over there learning from them and all that stuff. How many spots a week do you live in la? I do. And so like, you get out a lot and do spots, open mics and stuff? I do, yeah. I, I did like a mini tour in Florida with Phil Medina in Jason Schuster. I did East Coast. I've done Australia.


How Do you make money? Let her finish Two shots of whiskey in the green room. If you, what would've happened if you would've done three? Go ahead, my Angel. I have another tour for you, by the way. Bottle service and bartending. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's in la? Yes, That's in la. All right. You do bottle service in la? Yeah.


Okay. D Madness. I found a new all blind bar you can go to. It's, it's for blind people that don't care how hot the bottle service girls are. Wow. Nobody. So What The fuck? I'm kidding. The rain twice today. Okay. I'm kidding. Cynthia. It's, it's an ongoing joke between me and Ari. He likes you. We're doing good cop Battle. Tony, I'm leaving the show. Cynthia, what do you do for fun? You have kids? No. Okay. Yes. Oh, red band. Oh, red band's got a chance all of a sudden. What The fuck was that? You know how to Do make body shots. What?


What? Not that kind of club. Okay. Anyway, Cynthia, what do you do for fun? I don't know. I don't go out as much now because I'm at a concert venue like three times a week. So just, you know, hiking, go to the gym, go to the movies. I started with acting before I, Did you ever do any acting? Yeah. What did you play? Well, I, it's, there's a lot of like credits on IMDB. So I've done like action movies. I've done like a, a kid show too. Where, where I got to sing. That was a really cheesy one. I'm Not gonna, why don't we do a little acting scene here? Oh no. Why don't we do Ari Matti is a secret agent.


Yeah. ARI MATTI is a secret agent. And the only way you're gonna let her out of the interrogation, the only way you're gonna let her out, the interrogation is she has to sing to you. Whoa. No Shada. That Shaquita. Okay, here we go. Oh good. Ladies and gentlemen, this summer, what happens when an Estonian secret agent has to interrogate a blonde chick? Cynthia, My angel. We have to save the world. Okay, That's good.


Improvise. We have to save the world, Cynthia. And for this to happen to stop the nuclear attack on America, we Have to KILL TONY. That's good acting. That's good. Improvising right there. Keep going. Keep going. Cynthia, you must sing. Whoa. Shakira's grandmother. Hell, hips don't lie, but, but men do. I called you men. Most people call you gay. I was respectful. Okay. Say man, do All right. Very good. I can't understand anything you're saying.


It's all good. You're not alone. It's all good. Yes. All right. Great. Scene guys. Scene. Unbelievable. I That was great. Cynthia. Once in a lifetime experience, experienced literally amazing Daniel Day Lewis, it's your mind that I'm interested, not your body. Cynthia, did you have fun here tonight? Oh, So much fun. So grateful. Here you go. Here's a medium joke book. You're gonna be able to catch it. Believe in yourself. There you go. Cynthia, Brazil. Everyone. Thank you guys. I'm not gonna be able to catch it. I'm not going to be able to catch it.


There she goes. Cynthia Brazil, everybody.


This podcast is sponsored by open phone. If you're running a business, you know that every time you miss a call, you're leaving money on the table. When every customer conversation matters, you need a phone system that helps, that helps you stay connected 24 7. That's why you need open phone. Open phone is the number one business phone system that streamlines and skills your customer communications. It works through an app on your phone or computer. So no more carrying two phones or using a landline like you have been red. Don't fax me Tony, I love open phone. It's the best business phone system out there with open phone. Your team can share one number and collaborate on customer calls and texts like a shared inbox. That way any teammate can pick up right where the last person left off keeping response times faster than ever. Woo. And say goodbye to voicemail. Their AI agent can be set up in minutes to handle calls after hours, answer questions, and capture leads. So you never miss a customer. You get 'em every time. So whether you're a one person operation drowning in calls and tech, or have a team large that needs better collaboration tools, open phone is a no-brainer. See why over 60,000 businesses trust open phone right now. Open phone is offering our listeners 20% off of your first six months@openphone.com slash koni. That's O-P-E-N-P-H-O-N e.com. And if you have existing numbers with another service, well I have bad news for you. Actually, good news, open phone will port them over at no extra charge. Open phone, no missed calls, no missed customers.


This looks like a fun next name. Make some noise for your next comedian. Everybody. It's mushroom mat. Mushroom mat. This is definitely a first time. Could be a mat we've seen before on mushrooms, or it's just a new comedian mushroom mat. I would know if I've seen a mushroom mat before. How many of you like oxygen out there? How many of you like air? How many of you like a cold water on a hot day? Fuck yeah. One more time for mushroom mat. Everybody. All right. My love life has been cursed from the jump.


First girl I hooked up with lost my virginity, gained chlamydia. Didn't even know I had it for over a year. I thought I was getting that burning sensation because my girlfriend had a spicy pussy. Okay, I realized that sounds childish. I was 16. I wasn't even surprised when I started getting that burn. I mean, she literally said her pussy was fire. On top of that, the bitch would eat hot Cheetos for breakfast. If pineapple, if pineapples make your body fluids taste sweet, what the fuck do you think that's gonna do? Oh no. Here's the sick twisted. Here's the sick twisted part about the whole ordeal.


When I did find out chlamydia, I didn't want the cure. Turns out I liked it. Okay, I realized that sounds sick. Let me try to explain. I love spicy food. If I can order something spicy, I do fried rice, spicy salsa, spicy ramen, spicy as hell. Sex. Spicy please. Y'all don't realize the head of your dick and the tip of your tongue are like cousins. Chlamydia is pretty much a sexual, it spices up the bedroom. It is hot sauce for your hot dog. All right, thank you. Okay. Mushroom. Matt never had, I've never had a guy talk about pussy, his whole set.


And yet I'm, we're all positive. You're gay. That's incredible. Damn. Really? You are deep in the closet. Mushroom. Matt? No, Matt, very straight. You, you gotta, you gotta relax man. Yeah, you, it's not good to deliver your set like a car salesman. Who, if he doesn't make the sale, he's gonna lose his job. Just chill out, bro. Okay. Okay. I'm very ants guy. Normally I have like really high energy. Are you on mushrooms? No. I, well, like it depends on what you consider on I microdose every day. Well, yeah, that's on. Okay. Okay. The fuck is going on anymore in the society? Jesus Christ. Depends on what you consider on Every day.


He Said that's some Jordan Peterson shit right there, right? Well, it depends what you consider on. I mean, I You're On it buddy. That's mushrooms. You do it every day. Yep. What else do you do every day? That's about it. I mean, I smoke weed as well, Matt, that's plenty. Don't add anything else to that equation. How long have you been doing standup? About three years. What do you do for work? I am a bartender at the Line Hotel. Okay. How long have you been doing that for? About a month. I just moved out here about three months ago. From Where? The Bay Area. Ooh, the Bay Area. It's raining back. No doubt about it.


You might be the first bartender in history where a customer doesn't have a problem ever getting another drink. What do you need? What do you need? What do you need? No, I'm very quick. Very quick. I can make 20 drinks in five minutes. Is that true? Yeah. We're gonna put that to the test right after this set. Everybody. Wait, wait, what? Okay. What do you do for fun? Mushroom, Matt. So I'm really good at catching birds. Jesus Christ. You do that with like your what? Hands? Well, yeah. So like usually it's with, I have like my brothers, we will dig a hole at the beach and then I'll hide inside of the hole under a towel and then my brothers will fall bread on top and then we'll catch the seagulls, Bro.


Do less rooms. Dude. Matt, why the fuck do you do that? It's God damnit. Why do people go fishing? It's for the thrill, Right? I mean, it's the same thing. I like the fish too. Going fishing and catching birds are not the same thing. And seagulls are easy to catch, man. That's, Yeah, it's fun too. How many birds do you think you've caught in your life? Probably are in like double digits. At least 13. Wow. At least 13 birds have been caught. And have any ever shown any signs of injury after you? No. No abs? No. I show more signs of injury.


I caught a goose one time and it smacked me in the face with its wing. Wow, okay. Just when you thought a seagull's life, couldn't get any shittier. How long, what do you want to drink seagull? My pussy's burning. This is a spicy seagull. Oh, this seagull smells like shit. I like it. Alright, mushroom mat. Why do you go by the name mushroom mat if you're just microdosing? Well, I do microdose every once in a while as well. I've done an ounce before. You've Done an ounce before? At once. My birthday three years ago. It was a good time. What exactly happened after you did an ounce?


Everything got super weird. It, I think it's still pretty weird. Yeah? Yeah. Oh, I mean, that's eight times more than a lot. Yeah. So things get super weird when I do a fraction of that. How do you explain? Super weird? The birds were catching me. They put me in a towel. I was just nibbling on their bread and they grabbed me. I'm straight. Get off me birds, these bitches, bitches, birds, Noah, everything kind of just feels like you're in a haunted house. It kind of gets scary. It feels like there's spirits running around, but like sometimes they talk to you and you make friends.


Wow. Do you remember what any of the spirits told you? They told me not to do that many mushrooms again. Okay. So I really, Yeah. Spirits didn't bring up the birds at all? No, the seas are assholes. They said they keep doing that. Okay. Very well Shoot mushroom. Matt, what are you doing around town when you're not doing standup or bartending? I Like to go fishing. So you do go fishing, you're obsessed with catching animals? Yeah. Yeah. I have considered moving to Florida to like catch snakes in the Everglades to help with the Python problem. Okay. Adds up. I love catching animals. I don't know. Wow. Did you know there was a Python problem?


This guy's filled with info. I was not aware of. What's the Python problem? So in the Everglades, there's just like a lot of pythons, like Burmese pythons, I guess. The hurricane Katrina like released all pet store snakes. And so they just ran rampant inside of the Everglades. And they're like eating alligators and shit now. It's pretty crazy. And okay, It's, And you think you could help with that? You think you could be one of the single hand solutions to the Python problem? Yeah. Yeah, I do. Wow. I have a question for the audience. Does any, just raise your hand.


Does anybody in this audience write comic books? No. Can somebody find somebody that writes this? There needs to be a comic book about this man. Yeah. Okay. Would you not read the comic book of Mushroom Matt? I would not read it Fighting Pythons. You would? Yeah. No, I'd skip it. I gotta tell you it's a bad idea. I thought it sounded good at first. Now Cynthia needs to be a comic book hero. What's your love life like? Musher mad in real life. It's not great. It's not great. I've been single for a long time. I guess I'm kind of just looking for the right girl. You must Fuck crazy, huh?


Bad Energy. Have you kissed a girl since you moved to Austin? Kissed? Yes, I have Kissed a girl. Oh, okay. Yes. I went on a date Mushroom mat. Fun times. Here's a little joke book my friend. Boom. Mushroom mat. Thank you. Here's the lovely Heidi, everybody. And look, there's a local public defender here. Everyone amazing. It's one of the better public defenders in this city. All right, you guys having fun here tonight? Huh? Make some noise for your next bucket. Full. Nick, James. Everyone. Nick James.


Here he comes. One more time for Nick James. Everyone. All right, thank you. Thank you. I dunno how to say this. I'm not sexy like at all. It's, and I can't even dirty talk right? Either. Like I just sound way too polite and dorky. Like I had this girlfriend and she would always say things like, Nick, I want you to eat my pussy from the back. And me being me, I would just be like, well, okay.


Eh, you betcha. Oh, here we go. And the same night she was like, you know what? Take the condom off. I don't care anymore. Just fuck me raw. And I'm just like, well splendid. Oh, I'll happily oblige. Thank you. All right. And after that, she's like, All right Nick, I want you to do something crazy. I want you to choke me. I want you to demean me. I want you to say mean wild shit. And I do all that. But even then, I'm still like, well, I hope this isn't too tight around your neck. You bitch.


Are you okay? You fucking whore. I love you. All right. There you Go. Nick James, the return of Nick James. We know Nick. He's been on this show a few times. Hey, how's it going, man? Welcome Back. You still working at the parking lot? No, I got fired from that, Actually. Ooh, why'd you get fired? They found out I didn't have a car for most of my employment. And why did, well, why was that a problem? 'cause they require you to have a car. Yep. That'll do it. Why though? Why do you have to have a car to park cars? Well, no, I was writing, don't boo me again, but I was riding parking tickets.


Boo damnit snap. Fuck Guy. Super villain. Not polite of you, man. Not very polite. Did you Used to boot people too sometimes? No, no. It was just riding parking tickets. And now I can talk about this freely since I'm not working there anymore. Let's do it half the time. I would just like, All right, dude, you know what? Just tell me you're proud of me and I'll let you off. You know, like I'll just, Wow, That's a great joke. Is that one of your jokes? No, that was, Do that as one of your jokes? Yeah. Oh. Oh, okay. That's a great joke. All right. Yeah, Thank you. Oh, that's just my personality, but thank you, Joe.


All right, cool. You're welcome. I think you're funny, man. I think you're, yeah. How long have you done standup? Let's see. Not counting that weird COVID year like this. It was actually my sixth year as of last week. Wow. Yeah, Your pacing was good. I like that you came out calm. Pacing was good. That was good. Yeah, dude, I was so nervous. I almost tripped up the stairs of my way up here, so thank you. That means a lot, Actually. Fuck. Yeah. What do you do now that you don't work at a parking lot? I do Lyft fulltime, so I'm unemployed. Wait, so now you have a car? I do. Yeah. It, it was, You got fired by not having a car. I was So fucked up. Like I, I got fired and then two weeks later I bought a car and I'm like, can I have my job back? And they're like, fuck you. No.


Like, Wow. Yeah, they're real dicks. Who would guess? Oh, I'm sorry, what was that? Who would've guessed that the people in charge of writing tickets were dicks? Yeah. What kind of car did you get? I got a 23 Chevy Malibu. A Chevy Malibu? Yeah. Wow. Oh my God. It's good shit, man. So what's it like swimming in bitches? Well, I'm gonna be honest, I had a bit of a dry spell for the last three months, but no Way. But I got some pussy the other night. Whoa.


Take us through it. Exactly what happened there? Yeah, Well, I, well, I matched with this girl on Hinge, and then I met her up at a bar, and then I, you know, I ate her pussy in her car and then, Wow. So where, where exactly did you guys go? Where did you go? Like, take us through the actual date. You kind of skipped a little bit there. All right. So It's like an old DVD when you would skip scenes and just jump, jump, jump. All right. All right. I'll do a little playby play. So I met up at my usual spot, Frazier's. Wow, okay. You guys All right? Yeah. It's great fucking bar, right? And they got these booths there and they're really comfy, you know, and that's, you know, like you get the girl in the booth, like, and you know, you can kind of like have an excuse to sit close to her.


And it sounds really creepy, actually, but like, yes, in my case it works, you know? And you know, like I've bathed probably like five girls after taking 'em to Frazier's over the last like, year and a half. Yeah. Really? Yeah, dude, it's true. I, I, I'm kind of a horror dude. Like, Wow, Like Look at you absolutely incredible. You really are. I was making a joke about your Chevy Malibu, but it turns out jokes on me. You're swimming in pussy. I mean, it, it is There. The destroyer frazier's. So five girls. So let's talk about this the other day thing. You took her to Frazier's, and then how did you end up eating her pussy inside of her car? What kind of car did she have?


Something smaller than a Malibu. I wasn't paying attention, honestly. I, I think it was a Toyota or something, but not a Prius. I know that. Okay. So how did it get to that? Well, I, you know, we were already kind of, we were flirting pretty heavily over text, you know, so that made, that gave me some confidence to start off with and Yeah. Floating pretty heavily. Yeah. Yeah. Can you give us an example of what some heavy flirtation from you via text looks like? Fucking cycle. Let's see. Let's see. It is a little difficult on my phone, but let's see here. Let's unlock his phone real quick.


Let's get a yonder on locker here and gimme an unlocker. I want the real shit. I don't want you to have to use your imagination. I think it's better, in fact, is it okay if I read it? Yeah, go for it. Great. Perfect. Is it in your pocket? No, it's, they made me take it out. It's in the bin over there. Oh, Okay. Somebody grabbed that fucking bin And A yonder unlock. Or we can get the tech guy to probably do some special code on it or something. I know what the massage we, we made these in San Francisco Where I'm unfortunately from, I lied. Alright, here we go. How about a hand for the lovely Christie, everybody, her and Yoni always keeping the train on its track.


This isn't my phone. Wow. That's right. We gave you her phone. We can read the message here. Here. My phone. I, I know what happened. I put my phone in the pocket of my backpack. Yeah, just bring the whole backpack up here. Yeah, it's the green one. Oh, this is where we all get killed. Everyone. Alright. I just need my entire backpack guy that got fired from his writing tickets job that gets all the pussy in his Chevy Malibu. Oh shit. Thank You.


Hey. Oh yeah, let's go. All right. You might have to scroll up a little bit. I'll scroll buddy. I'll scroll, I'll, but, All right. Monday or Sunday. Hold on a second. Wait, when is this? Where are we at? Oh, she sent, you, sent pictures of your dog. Oh yeah. Wow. Of his dog. Did you say? Absolutely. In incred. There's a lot of texts here. Oh, okay. Yeah. So many Pictures of Dogs. All right. Wow. You're right. So the, you're saying that the flirting started heavily on Sunday or Monday About, yeah, like I just know I jerked off a lot on Sunday, so I have a good feeling.


Oh my goodness. Ooh. I saw a text where she goes, damn, you and your sex appeal Psycho. Get outta here. I was saving that. You fucking get outta here. You're the creepy one for reading. Me reading some other dude's flirty text over my shoulder. Hey, he doesn't know any better. He is European fucking I keep, by the way, you're all in big trouble. 'cause I keep scrolling up because I'm seeing so much good shit. I'm like, wow, what else this is, oh my God. So when did you guys go out?


Monday night. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I missed the last KILL TONY, but you know. Yeah. I Had things to do. We totally noticed you weren't there, where everyone was like, where's Nick James again? Where do you like to go for a drink? You, she asks you, where do you like to go for a drink? Usually Frazier's on E six. But I'm always able to suggestions. I've never been to either, so I'm down for the adventure. LOLI like its energy. It gets busy, but you can still hear each other talk, follow up from him.


And it's not on dirty sixth, so none of that nonsense. Oh yeah. It's not on dirty, so it must be clean. Okay, perfect. I like to chat. And East side is infinitely better than dirty. Wow. She's got her own amazing thoughts. Oh yeah. Right. Bars are so much cleaner too. You Dirty Boy. Wow. There's some real whores in here tonight. Hi. May I be one of those girls and get your birth chart information? I must investigate Smiley face.


LOL. Sure. January 8th, 94. Born on a Saturday morning in a blizzard. I swear to God I'm not changing a fucking word, by the way. How exciting. Do you know what time? I forget? I think like 10 in the morning. Yep. I've never seen so much. Someone with so much cap energy L lo. Oh, there's, you're using caps a lot. Do you have a lot of friends? I have many acquaintances. LOL, but a decent amount of friends.


What? Ha ha. I can see that. Do you feel super psychic? No. LOLI delude myself into thinking I am a lot though. Does that count? It's all in the mindset anyway. You are what you eat and believe. What's your dating history been like? LOL. True. And let's see, played the field a lot. Had a couple serious relationships over the years. Some short flings and whatnot. Don't worry though, my hoe phase is over.


Genius Girl Williams Skywalker. Pretty much the same. Got my ho phase over with early props on her. Props on her while they're both being disgusting. Had a serious relationship in my mid twenties, then recovered from that nice Two recovered hose looking for stability. Now you are a S doggy. You're a SLA doggy.


Ah, They Ain't call me big dick nick for nothing. Wow. Okay. Don't make it creepy. I did. No, this is you. Sorry. I did have one girlfriend cheat on me, so that sucked. But no, great tragedies smart. Oh yeah. Looking back, I should have been a bigger hoe. I was out there looking for love. I swear to God I'm not changing a word. Oof. I hope she got the opposite of everything she ever wanted as karma. Yeah, it was a weird situation. Yeah, we can always be big hoes together. Ha ha. Oh, oh my god. You fucking Pig.


Hold on. And just to let you know on this next one, this is her. And when I say check mark, I mean the actual check mark emoji. Get ready for it. Here we go. Yeah, remember we're coming off of, hey, we can always be big hoes together. Ha ha Ha ha ha. True. Written out. Ha Ha. Here we go. Okay, let me check my hoe. Bag of essentials. Don't care. Attitude check. Let's just see where this goes. Check bikini thirst traps. Check. Okay, I'm ready to go. Hell yeah. Checking my man. Checking my bag of man ho.


Essentials. Aloof. Hiding my horniness attitude. Check jeans that show off my bulge. You know I was on KILL TONY a few times. I swear to God. I swear. Whoops. Oh shit. Oh shit. Oops. Fuck. Okay, there's one more by the way. I know it's such a great tax, but there's one more that's part of that tax that that is one, just to let you know, for those of you in the front, if you're wondering about the check marks, can you confirm that there are check marks Mark?


There are check marks there. There's one more room that was just cleaned an hour before this fucking dirt ball. We may just be a match made in hell. It's so cute when men try to hide their horniness, they'll be talking about anything and everything. And I'll never be mad about tight jeans. I have something to fantasize about LOL. I just lumped all the cliches in there. I'm definitely guilty of talking too much when I'm horny. You might have to put a muzzle on me, but I'll make sure to wear some extra tight jeans just for you. Oh, you're holding up your bulge, right? Oh wow. Look at that. Ha. I like being extra tooth so the chattiness will really work for me.


What do you like to see a girl wearing? I'm a man of simple taste. A short skirt and a tank top with lots of cleavage is always nice. Oh fuck. Simple taste. Like what? It's literally like every guy's like favorite situation. Oh, simple taste. You know the slutty of shit on planet Earth. Luckily that's what I wear every day. Jk. I wear a lot of shorts. I was about to say, my prayers have been answered. Ha ha.


So does that mean you still wear the tank top with cleavage? Oh yeah. I get hot easily. So I like to be as uncovered as possible. So my prayers were answered. LOL. Lucky you. What's your type of girl? Whatever type you are, I swear to God. But less corny answer. She's gotta be nice fun to talk to with just enough ho to match my freak. But not so much that I gotta worry. What's your type of guy? Someone funny, sweet, smart, honest and protective. Someone I can turn my brain off when I'm around then because I'd be thinking all day and my brain hurts.


Wow. Eh, I got a winner, right? She says, what's your freak? My freak honestly, much as I value deep connection and love and all that, almost just a very horny guy. Ha. So like pg, PG 13 PDA. But in the bedroom, I'm probably going down on you for like a half hour, stuff like that. This is crazy. This is amazing. That sounds amazing. I have a, I'm a, oh wow. I have a bit of an exhibitionist exhibition, exhibitionist urge, and I like to be very submissive, but secretly the one in control.


Well, I better be on my best behavior for our date. Then something tells me I'm in for quite the show. I'm crying. I googled exhibitionist to make sure that was the right term. And it, and it called it a mental illness. Okay. I meant I just like the adrenaline rush from being super sexy and sexually teasing in public. Ha ha. I got both definitions back to back and I just crossed my fingers that it was the sexy one. But damn. Didn't know you were freaky like that when I clicked on your profile, I thought, oh, she seems so sweet and innocent. Turns out you're also sweet and devious. I'm a Gemini. I have two personalities. Public persona equals sweet professional works with students in private unhinged.


I have to have an outlet. I'm a walking sexy teacher trope. In that case. Wanna gimme a private lesson on sexual education? I think I'll also need some extra tutoring from you too. Come to my office hours and show me how you've been trying to learn the material. Sounds like a plan. I hope it's an oral exam. It sounds like something you already excel there. Bring me something you wanna improve on. True. But practice makes perfect. Although I could use a refresher course on leaving hickeys. Oh, you dirty dirt ball. Slow make outs are my favorite.


Really guess that makes two of us. He's just agreeing with anything she's saying. Oh, two of us for sure. Totally agree. Can I eat your pussy yet? Okay. Oh My God. I'm gonna scroll a bit 'cause you guys are yappy fucks. I'm sorry. Wow. I feel a little swindled. You're killing it on The cat, dude. Dude. I mean, you're killing it here. You came up with this fucking Owen Wilson routine of like, ah, SHS, I don't know, maybe you're pussy is good And now you're in these fucking messages like a fucking vampire. You're like, Fuck, This is insane, Dude. You're like, usher, dude.


What's the worst first date you've been on? Probably going to see the Hobbit two and, And Having to explain every Lord of the Rings movies. So she'd stop asking me. LOL How about you? Awkward Incel comic takes the cake. But a close second was back in undergrad. I, the guy invited me over to his apartment. It was the filthiest setup I've ever seen in my life. I sat with my other, with my other cross on the very edge of the mattress that was on the floor while he talked about basketball. I sat with my legs crossed. I see why you ate her pussy in her own car. By the way, she doesn't like a, is your apartment messy? I mean, it was clean at the time when I brought her over.


So, Wow. Okay. This has gone on way too long. But I gotta tell you, this is unbelievable, unbelievable flirting. There's a saying in Estonian that the guy who ends up fucking the girl always comes from the corner. That's you dude, with that game. I love it. I don't know about that, but I Can't You all all think the saying would be way cooler than that. Nah, it's translate. It's gonna be really profound. They say in Estonia, the guy that fucks the girl is the one that talks to her. Okay. That's fucking really brilliant. All right, thank you. It's super insightful. Wow. What a country you come from.


Oh shit. All right. Yeah, I'm done. Cynthia. What? Well, what, what am I doing? You wanna call her? Let's ask her how the pussy eating was to close this segment of the show. All right. She did go to bed an hour Ago, but let's see if I can wake her up to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available at the time. Oh My God. All right. Fun times. Nick. James here a legend. How about one more time for Nick James? Everybody, I'd rather have have You on the Secret show tomorrow. You already have a big joke book, right, Nick? Not yet. Not yet. You only have a little one. Only Little Ones. There you go buddy.


Congratulations. Oh shit. Oh shit. Right in that pussy eating mouth of his. All right everybody. Your next comedian goes by the name of Ryan ler. Ryan ler. Okay. Nice. Quick transition here. Make some noise for Ryan ler everybody. So I live out in the country. I just found out what code switching is. It's so fun. Like it's a new way to get outta speeding. Tickets, code switching to a little pretty girl, but I'm aware of it now. So my little sister plays on a special needs baseball team.


It's called the Challenger League. It's a great name, but I coach on it sometimes and it, it's most, I'm just there. 'cause like some of the moms can't handle some of them. So I get to get sacrificed off the survivor tribe to wrangle. But one day the pitcher on the team didn't want to throw the ball. Now his name's Donnie. He's the smallest guy in his family. He's six foot two. He, he has Downs and he's also deaf. And they sent me out there to go get him to throw the ball. So I'm explaining to him on the mound, I'm like, Donnie, you can't roll the ball. You have to throw the ball. But I realized I was doing it in depth.


Donnie, you can't run the ball. You have to throw the mom. Thanks. I've been Ryan ler guys. All right. I'm gonna read some more. Nick James text messages. Get the show back on track. I did like that you did an Ari Maddy impression right at the end there. It's good. How long you been trying standup Ryan? I'm four months in. Four months in all of it. Here in Austin? No, I'm outta Houston. Okay. What, how old are you? I'm 33. What made you start now at 33 years old? I've always wanted to do it. I just never had time. I was always on the road. What were you doing on the road? I was a guitar player. Guitar player For a band?


Yeah, for several. Just hired gun type stuff, session, work, all that. So I, All right. Always be gone. Okay. And which bands? Anybody we would know? Yeah. I started playing for a guy named Jason Allen. Toured Texas, playing honky tonks with him. Hell, one chick. You guys know Jason Allen? No. No. The band does not. It's Fine. It's Texas country stuff. It's okay. But played for a chick named Peyton Howie. That was fun. Got introduced to the festival world through that one. And then the most recent one was Trent Cowie. I was playing with him. Sure. What made you wanna stop playing guitar and start a brand new art form? Oh, they cut me. You're not that good.


No, it's just, I was told different direction. I'm a little, I'm a little rowdy on stage. Like, how are you rowdy? Like very animated. Jump around. It's a fucking show. You bought a ticket, you get a show. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Were you f were you a good person on the road? Yeah. Yeah. I'm clean. I don't have like stinky feet and shit. You don't have what? Stinky Feet. Stinky feet, shit. Yeah. Okay. That's good. Good to know. No stinky feet. I'm sorry, go ahead. No, go ahead. I was gonna say, were you, did you party too much? No, no. Or anything? I quit drinking like eight years ago. Oh, All right. Oh my God. Everybody's sober. Everyone's fucking sober up today.


Jesus Christ. Crazy. Oh no, I'm, I'm, mushrooms are heavy again. Like two 90 was fucking wild. Getting here. This is the new thing. Everybody gets sober from everything else. They're like, I'm just fucking blitzed on mushrooms. Like the most extreme fucking shit. Yeah. Okay. Have you found God? No. Okay. Well, he's looking for you. Mom. Always made, do we have another guitar here? Did we bring this second guitar? Here we go. We gotta see this guy play guitar, because I'm pretty sure that's your calling, Ryan. You can't let these other people scare you out of being a musician. You're sure as fuck not a comedian, at least not yet. We'll see what happens with that down the road, but my goodness.


Okay, here we are. Name some of the bands you've been in. Again, no names. It's just for other people. And you kind of jump around. Very animated during this person's, these, these actual, the artists that the people are there to see. I could see why that would, I could see. Do you have something like an original kind of a riff that you like to play that won't get us flagged on YouTube? Key D one flat seven. Shit, he's calling the play right now, Ladies and gentlemen. It's a flat D key of seven. There's More Indian people showing up.


Here he is living his dream, playing his own show. Not for another person. You cut again. Oh, hit like a thing. You're playing like a chord. Do something crazy.


Oh, oh. He is feeling himself, Folks. The band is kicking in behind Him. Totally. Making 'em sound great. Proving once again, they are the best damn band in the land. I wish you would step back from that. Alright, that's enough. Shut the fuck up. Stop it.


All right, Ryan, that was fun. How about a hand for the lovely? Heidi, did you have fun here tonight, Ryan? Yeah, man. Good time. What's another crazy thing about your childhood or your life that would surprise us before I let You go? I used to be a child model for a Jewish department store called Wieners. What was it called? Wieners. Wieners. Yeah. There was a Jewish department store called Wieners. Yeah. Back in the nineties in Houston. It was like a dealer's JC Penney, but it was called Wieners. And I was a child model for 'em all through the nineties.


Wow. Yeah. Mom used to pimp me out. Did you ever get molested? Nah, I fucking swerved that one. Okay. It was close. Tell Don't ask, don't tell baby. You know, I, I don't know. There he goes. Ryan Ler fun times, Ryan. Keep doing it for a while. Sign up again. There he is. Ryan ler. Everybody. Alright. It's one of those moments, Ladies and gentlemen. I'm gonna bring to the stage what some people consider a legend of KILL. TONY. What some people consider one of their least favorite characters in the history of the show.


You either love him or you hate him. This is the very polarizing style of Uncle Laser. Everyone. Oh, He's chugging a beer. Always The showman taking his time. The Squawking American Eagle. One more time for Uncle Laser. Everyone, Check out on your friends this summer. Kiss 'em on the mouth. Tell 'em you love them. Listen, I'm friends with a lot of colored blacks.


We got any blacks in here tonight? Woo. Oh, hell yeah. They set y'all up front. That's progressive. Hell yeah. Listen, I'm not a regular white. My black friends, they call me the N word. They're all like, Hey Uncle Leslie, you're a real ass motherfucking. And as a white man, when a black man calls you that, it's special. It's like when your dad pats you on the butt and says, good game, son. But boy, they don't like it when you say it back to 'em. I'm playing spades the other day at my homie's house, and they're just, it's a black person game you wouldn't know anything about.


We're playing spades back and forth, right? I'm cutting these motherfuckers up. I'm like, yo, you a real ass motherfucking, and I'm like, I started walking with a limp. You know what I, you? And they done said it by 20 times. I said, man, y'all said enough. Y'all think y'all think I can say it back? And they go, fuck you white boy. You can't say that. I said, well, it sound like music's getting a little too loud at this party. Okay? And they said, you can see yourself out. And as I walked outside, I did the whitest thing in my life. I called the law and I said, Hey, these motherfucking are playing that music too loud. My name's Uncle Lazer. Y'all are great. Uncle Lazer.


My favorite part of that set was when the black person in the back of the room, the one clapped, and you said, well, they sat you in the front. How progressive, even though they're in the back. Hello Dan. I'm equal opportunity, the diversity hire. Hey, I'm gonna be honest with you, you reading that erotica shit I didn't even have to take, so I'm hard as a rock right now. That shit he was doing earlier. Son of a gun. What a treat that was. He was good. It is exciting. Flirtatious texts are exciting. What are, what's some of the craziest shit we would find in your phone if we went through it?


If you'll read it, if you'll read it. I, well, my girlfriend, Gina, you know member Gina? Yeah, of course. A doctor from Buffalo. Yep. What kind of doctor is she again? PS Yep. Perfect. Half. She's actually, she's actually right there. She's right up there. I believe that means she works on children's feet. Your Girlfriend's a po. A podiatrist. A Pe a Petri. Yep. Perfect. That's like how Harley Quinn fell in love with the Joker. But I was sleeping the other night at my brother's house. We was out there and she took my phone because she was pissed off at me, and she showed my face and my phone while I slept.


And she saw Woo. She saw a lot. So, yeah, you know, we don't, yeah, I'm a whore. I'm a whore. I'm gonna be, and you give us a ballpark of what she saw. I mean, she already saw Everything. Tony Like, whoa, what's everything Me fucking other girls like on camera and shit? Tell us more. Describe the situation. Laser. Well, It ain't good, Tony. No, she just, she saw some shit and she all got all pissed off. But look, we love each other, so we're still together. She's like, look, we're going to counseling. I'm like, I, I, I don't wanna go to counseling. So are you gonna go to C counseling, Going to counseling?


When are you going to counseling? You know? Is it scheduled yet? Soon? Yeah. Hey, but you wanna know, Hey, real quick, this is for Amatic. Look, you got a bunch of cripples and retards. Are you changing the subject right now? Well, she's Right there, Tony. Yeah. God damnit. It's, this is good God damn entertainment. All right. This is something that can only happen on KILL TONY. The fact that she's right there makes it. This is a once in a lifetime. Bring Her ass down here, titties and off. Well, I mean, I wasn't gonna do that then I'd be putting you on the spot. That's why She's a doctor. She'll get fired Right from The optometrist. Yes. Laser did the, one of the craziest things I've ever seen a human being do upstairs.


Yeah. Me, Ari and Laser went into the bathroom at the same time. We all had to pee. I went in the stall to pee Ari's at the uni urinal laser, just hung on the wall of the urinal and talked to Ari for the duration of him peeing. And then just left the bathroom. Didn't pee. Just talked to Ari over his shoulder and forgot he had to pee, and they just left. It was insane. That is the actions of an everlasting cocaine addict, if I've ever seen one. Just making sure you guys are urinating, like he's some kind of probation officer or something like that. I mean, you guys, I got you just using the bathroom for what's actually for, I'll get outta here.


What Are you guys just urinating and washing your hands? You boring boys? Nah, let's Have some fun. Come on. Lemme see that dick boy, you know. No, but look, I, I, I, I, I told 'em, I said, Hey man, I got someone saying this interview. We know the same person. And she found it on the phone too. She hates her. But, so, look, there's a girl that I know, there's a girl that I know that knows Ari, that loves Ari. All right? And I guess Ari curved her. And this girl's used to Getting her wheel. What does that mean? Curved? Like, I don't know that either. What's curved? So she sent him a, a, a, a nude picture, and he just thumbs uped it. Now listen here, Tony, let me tell you something about stardom. You got it too. Red band dot too. Joe's got it too.


Our's got too. Listen, we get pussy all the time. All right. But listen, if a beautiful woman sends me a hot, sexy, naked picture, I'm not gonna thumbs up it. What kind of pussy are you getting on the road? Oh, son, you next Level. That's, that's, that's a, He's so assassin. I know who he is. I seen his stick in the bathroom. That's a saying in Ari's country, the man that thumbs up the pussy, he's the man of the corn. That pussy. Two thumbs up. You know what I'm talking about now? No. Good. There's a few pictures. Amy. I just thumbs up. That's it. I didn't say anything.


Look, I, she just was crying the whole night. I saw her. Your girlfriend. Not Mine. You know the other girl. Just a girl that I knew. Okay. Anyway, laser. Is your girlfriend still mad at you? Yeah, but she's here. What do you do in a situation like that to make up for it? You're a very romantic guy. What do you do in a situa? A girl finds her phone. She unlocks it with your face. How do you start the healing process? Teach these American boys out there, what the squawking eagle Uncle Lazer does to get out of the doghouse. You worked in oil fields, you know what you're doing. Explain to the children.


So I started taking testosterone. That is a terrible idea. But look, that shit makes you really horny, right? Like a stiff, a stiff breeze. I'm gonna put my dick in a electrical socket. That'll solve the problem. Keep going. I'm only good at a couple things. Tony. Taking drugs and coming quick with one of them, two of them. Look, I'm go look. I just like, I'm going to therapy. Now, Here's the question. Let me remind you, a guy like you gets in the doghouse, right? You're on testosterone. Girlfriend's mad at you.


What do you do? What's Tony? I grab her by the fucking throat. I pick her up and I put her through the fucking drywall. And I said, listen, air, I'm going to be a star baby. Either get on this gravy train right now, or we can leave you on the corner with the man with the thumbs up. Okay? Again, you're, you watched too much pro wrestling growing up. That's domestic violence. I'm asking you a genuinely real question. Genuinely you wanna know. Really, really? Yes. All right. I came here. Look, baby, I'm not some regular nine to five. I'm living a different type of life. But look, look at me, Tony. I said, look, here's flowers. Answer The fucking question. I Said, look girl, I love you. There's no one else I wanna be with. I'm on some fuck shit. I'm a retard. I said, but at the end of the day, at the end of the fucking day, it ain't who you wanna spend Saturday night with.


It's who you wanna get Sunday brunch with. See, that's what I was looking for. You could have said that two and a half minutes ago, and it would've been great podcast. I Like getting mad at me for talking too much. I love it, dude. Oh, well. Great. I'll see you again in another four months then. Thank you, Dude. Okay. Laser fun. So much Good stuff. Great stuff. Charismatic, likable Uncle laser. Ari Matti has to go pee and to go text girls whose pictures? He thumbs up. He's cleaning up mess. He's on damage control, right? Yeah. I had to pee too When he took it from me. You wanna go pee? No. Wait till you guys go pee together and Uncle Lazer can watch again.


Okay, Go Ahead. It's All right. Your next comedian goes by the name of JP Hinsdale. Everybody. JP Hinsdale. Oh, we know jp. Yeah. We put JP up in an Arena once before. Make some noise One more time for JP Hinsdale. Hey. Wow. Okay. I would, I was in Galveston recently. Yeah, I went, I went to the Gulf of America.


I tried. Okay. Like I took 12 grams of mushrooms and I stared out at the ocean. It was still brown. Davin came by and blew 10 W 30 out of her blow hole. Okay. Guess not. Oh, no. I, I watch the news a lot. I'm trying to look for the positive in everything. You know, it's cool. Like I, I found out that like ICE is trying to be more progressive in their hiring practices.


Have you guys heard about this? Yeah. There's a ice has this new program 30 for 30 For 30. They want 30% women officers by 2030. Oh yeah. Way to go. Ladies broke the glass ceiling. Okay. All right, jp. Sorry. That didn't go well. It didn't, you're right. Yeah. That's interesting. Gaged the time. What? I missed gaged the time. Sorry. No, it's okay. It had nothing to do with the time. Really? Fair enough. It was okay. It was an awkward start, awkward ending.


You had a, you had a thing. There's been a, it's also a very mushroom heavy set. Yeah. I mean, a, a night. Yeah. And, and so, you know, that wasn't in your favor. No. So, jp, how's life buddy? Look at me Killing it. Yeah. Literally, Very rarely do one of the horn players turn on a bucket pool, but, okay. All right, jp. Yeah. You're a very likable character. You've done good every other time you've ever been on this show.


What do you think truly went wrong tonight? Couple newer jokes, kind of having a little bit of a panic attack. I'm wet. Yep. It was raining earlier. There was like a better joke inside your Gulf of America joke. Yeah. It's a long, longer joke. It's, It shouldn't be. It shouldn't be, but it Should be shorter. Shorter? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think it's something like, I don't know, there's something like, they changed it from Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of America, but it, I think it should be called the Gulf of Mexico because it is brown. Oh, okay.


See if you said it with your charming style, I kind of wanted to leave It, try it, do it, do it just like that. Give 'em the right lighting. Keno, do it. I wanna see if it works Okay. Even though they already know it, which makes it impossible. I think you could sell it. So went down to the Gulf of America now that we took it back. Yeah. Yeah. Used to be the Gulf of Mexico. I think we should call it the Gulf of Mexico again. Still. It's really brown. You were right. Yeah. You are the king. I think So. And if they didn't know it, what the punchline was coming, that shit would rip. Yeah.


Like a fart from you. Thank You. In the middle of the night. You fart a lot. I bet you fart. You're like a hot air Balloon, not like an abnormal amount. Normal amount. Yeah. I mean, I'm not extra flatulent. Really? Yeah. But I, you know, it's Weird how that works. Yeah, I know. You would expect, like, that's a bigger chamber. Yeah. But I'm pretty buoyant, so it's like it all works out at a water. Do you float? I float. You ever float in the river here? Oh yeah. You like it? Oh yeah. You float. Oh Yeah. Like an ice cube. Yeah. Like you guys have me on the land, but I have you in the sea. Ah, Okay. Yeah. Now we're cooking.


Yeah. All right. If you could compare yourself to any sea animal, what sea animal do you think you're most like? Jp? Hinsdale. Manatee. Now why did you pick manatee there? Because I'm friendly and I keep getting damaged by motorboats. Still. Got it, got it. Still got it. Jp. It's in there. It's right there on the surface. Well, you've been doing for fun, jp For fun. Yep. Other than mass amounts of mushrooms, we is working everybody tonight.


It's like I'm perform, it's like we're doing a KILL TONY live from a rehab Facility. I only do it every two weeks. Like it's a, i I can't take antidepressants and mood stabilizers and all the other things. You take all that stuff. I Can't. You can't. No. Okay. Correct. And the, I, I take two to six grams of mushrooms every two weeks, and it kind of, it, it, it makes the gloomy go away. Perfect. Yeah. And you, you eat a lot? Not really. I'm just, I've been fat for a while. This was, this is not like, this is, this is an accumulation of a lifetime of sadness. This isn't Amer, this isn't a sprint to the finish.


Like at a buffet. Why are you sad? That was like, oh boy, we wanna do this. No, I, I do not wanna do this. No, No, no, no, no. You don't need this kind of darkness, Joe. No, I, I've got enough in me already. Yeah. Yeah. I can see it in your eyes. Thank you. Yeah. The, the mushrooms make the gloomy go away every two weeks. Yeah. It's kind of the only system that I've figured out that works. But why do you not, why are you against the antidepressants and stuff? It's not that I'm against them. I have, I I have a, I have, you're like, I just Can't get 'em on a pizza. No, I have, yeah. Yeah.


Papa John's let me down. No, I, I have, I, I have traumatic brain injuries. It affects how the medication hits me. It goes You Have what injuries? Traumatic brain injuries. Okay. From what I've, I've died twice and I got hit in the head a lot as a kid. So how, when did you, how did you die? Twice. First time my mom did it. Okay. Keep going. How did she do that? Well, like she, I didn't know 'cause it happened when I was three, but she kept telling people that I jumped off the couch playing Superman and hit my head against the marble table. And then I died when the ambulance got there.


But it turns out I had night terrors and she didn't know what I, they were, and she wanted me to shut the fuck up. So what did, did she, she hit your head on against the table, do you know? Yeah. She grabbed you and hit your head against the table? Yeah. Yeah. I am the boy who lived. That's what's known as a late term abortion. Yeah. She chickened out the end. She called 9 1 1. I give her a lot of shit for it now. Wow. So you still talk to her? Yeah. That ain't even, even the worst thing she's ever done. What was the worst thing she's ever done? I don't, Yeah. What was It?


It is not, it's, it's the, I'm still working that through therapy right now. Okay. It's complicated. Let's avoid that. Let's talk about the, I I have a joke about it, but I don't, it is, I I, I'm okay with part of it, but it's like, you know, not every room likes this joke. Now we wanna hear it. Fuck yeah. Yeah. Fuck yeah. All right. You asked for people. No, no. She says, no, I Don't wanna hurt. No one gives a shit with that bitch once. Keep going, jp. All Right. So I was groomed and molested from the age of five to the age of 15.


Woo. Which is a weird way of saying I peaked in high school. Ah, That's a great joke. Who the fuck doesn't like that? Now I have to get molested on my personality, and I have way too many strong opinions about Star Trek for that to happen. That's A great joke. Was this a stepdad or what Was it? No, it, it was my mom's high school boyfriend. Wow. Yeah. She thought by him bonding with me, she'd get him back. It didn't work out. Oh my God. I was more his type. Wow.


Honestly, the relationship lasted longer too. I don't know. Maybe I'm a better person. Five To fifteen's a long time. I Know. Wow. Yeah. And it was like, alright, how'd you die the second time? Oh, I ha I snorted what I thought was cocaine. Oh my goodness. Yeah. What was it? Fentanyl. Wow. When was this? Three years ago. Three years ago? Yeah. Oh my God. Wow. And they brought you back using Narcan? Yeah. Yeah. If it was a real come to Jesus moment. And he did not like me ODing on his couch.


Wow. Do you remember anything from that? Do you remember what it's like? Any of those times being dead? Do you remember seeing anything? A bright light. Were you in heaven? Were there, was there snacks everywhere? I Remember a, Were you in hell, A hot yoga studio? It was jazzercize. It's amazing. You're so fucking funny on your feet tonight, jp. Yeah. And, and that's set. It's just a testament to, you know, you gotta be careful. This goes for all comedians, right?


Doing open mics. You can attest to this. You do so many shows and you're kind of like off of open mics now 'cause you're getting booked everywhere. But there's something so dangerous about doing open mics. 'cause A, the comedians kind of don't want you to succeed. And b, the audience, 'cause they're at an open mic, are fucking re retards. They're retarded. They're at the what? The sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, 10th best show in the city on any given night. So it gets tricky. You have to go with what you think is funny and all the answers you gave tonight about real, actual questions and things in your life, even though you thought some of them won't work and that you shouldn't do it all crushed everything that you think is correct and working works when you leave it to open mic audiences to decide.


Open mics are good for working out mic technique and volume and pacing and changing and placement of things. But it's not always to completely the end all, be all decision maker of what's funny and what's not. And you were hilarious tonight on your feet during the interview And Light on your feet, which is not easy to do when you're 620 pounds. JOE DEROSA and, And I, I mean this dude. I mean this dude. You're a funny fucking dude, man. You bring a lot of joy to a lot of people. You have light in your fucking heart. You got light in your soul. I know you're battling some past demons. I know it's rough. But I'm gonna tell you what Jim Jeffries said to me when I was at your spot in the game and I was struggling with mental shit.


He was like, brother, reach out to me any fucking time and I'll talk to you about that shit. I'm saying that to you right now. You fucking reach out to me any fucking time you need, dude. Thank you. Because I'm telling you, dude, you can't fight the fight on your own. Thank you so much. Lean on somebody, man. I mean it, dude. I mean it. Don't let that dark shit suppress your light, man. You got a gift. And one more exciting thing, jp, normally we give away spots. We've given away jobs on this show before. This is the first time ever that this has happened. Jp, your mom and you mending that relationship. It, it's, it's, it's unbelievable to me to find out that you had a mom who at least back then was so out of it and, and didn't get you that tonight for the first time ever.


Right Now I'm giving you a new mom. Ladies and gentlemen, it's joy, hinge Cliff. Everybody KILL TONY Legend. Give him a hug. JP Hinsdale, stupid bottle of water. Go give them a hug. Go give them a hug. JP Dale, the bottle of water. She needs to stay hydrated while making an appearance on stage. You are. Now I hear by bestow you, JP Hinch. Cliff, welcome to the family, jp. Thanks brother. My mom will literally talk to you anytime you need a mom to talk to. She's 78 and bored out of her mind. And I'm way too successful and fun to talk to her.


Now you can talk to her. She's free literally every hour of the day. There she goes. Joy, hinge clip. Everybody. 78. My mom visiting from Youngstown, Ohio. Okay, there you go. Get off the stage. Now here's a little joke book. There you go. Can I just say that I'm blessed to have Tony as my son? That's let the record show, that's gayer than anything I've ever done before. My mom is gay too. My mom's gay. Now you know where I get it from? I have a gay mom. But seriously, I'll give you her info after this. You guys are gonna be, she's hilarious.


You guys are gonna be friends. That's your new mom. New mom. JP Hinsdale. Big joke book. There you go. Boom. Right in the bread basket. The first ever comedian to win a new mom. There she goes. Get back to your sea. Little fucking show stealer. Really milking it. Really, really likes the spotlight. She's used to it. Only mom on the show's history to do a set an appearance on panel And now be bestowed upon a new a comedian. Ari Maddy's about to do a joke about how he wants to fuck my mom. Go ahead, do it.


Strike me down. Kill your master. I mean, how long is she in town? She's the Gemini. All right, Ladies and gentlemen, your final bucket pool of the night goes by the name of Zach Black. This looks like a new name. Zach Black. Here he is. One more time for Zach Black. Everybody. Hell yeah. I went to Home Depot today to pick up a lawnmower. Man, it's gonna be a shame when Trump sends them back over the next four years.


Price of eggs might go down, but the price of lawn care is going way up. I'll tell you, if you're ever shopping for an immigrant, get there early. I got there late last week. The good ones go quick. There was only one left in stock. One Guatemalan standing there with a paintbrush and a rake. I'll come back. Texas is great for everybody, although it is still a little segregated by city. Dallas is for white people. Houston's for black people. San Antonio's for Mexicans, and Austin's for s.


And if you're half black and half white Corpus Christi, if you're half white and half Mexican El Paso. But if you're half black and half a flag, I'm sorry, you have to leave Texas and go back to Atlanta. Zach Black. Good stuff. Zach. What up Tony? How are you buddy? How long you been on standup again? Seven years. Right? Seven years. A lot of that in LA right? No, from Buffalo, New York. Buffalo. I've, I've told you that before, but I'm actually from a very small town outside of Buffalo. Edge of a cornfield type shit. I just say Buffalo here.


Okay. When did I meet you here? Yep. At Vulcan. Yeah. I worked here for like a year and a half. That's Right. Yeah. But then, I don't know, I just wasn't paying the bills. So I got a real job again. What's your real job? Well, I Quit here to work construction, but then I got fired for an Instagram reel. So I made a fake bartending resume two months ago And now I bartend. Love it. What was the, what was the reel that got you in trouble? It Was just a selfie video. I was just talking about, I work with, you know, Mexicans and I learned a lot of Spanish and I said that Punta Madre means project manager.


There it is. And they fired me. They fired me and then they asked me to take down the reel. I was like, well, you did that in the wrong order. Yeah, That's very true. A restaurant. They did. Was it worth it? Yeah. Where? Where was it that you got fired from? No, that was a construction job. Construction just apartment complex up in north Austin. Okay. Yeah. Was it worth making the reel? Kind of. I was really happy 'cause it was like my first successful reel in like two weeks of the great and then fired. So yeah, it was kinda worth it. I They Just stumbled across it or did you show a coworker Or something?


They saw it organically. Dude saw it on his algorithm. The owner of the company. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. They're like all your coworkers have been liking this reel of yours. Yeah. Sharing it around town. We looked them up and yeah, I never met 'em before. What's It like? Explain to the people what it's like lying on your resume that you're a bartender and then all of a sudden being thrown to the wolves at an actual bartending shift at an actual bar. Is the bar busy? I'm sure It's not that busy. Oh, okay. It was like the only one that would hire me. I went to a bunch of job interviews and they were like, what's in a martini? And I was like, I have no fucking clue You said that. I tried to lie. I was like, gin, that type of thing.


And they were like, it's not gonna work. But then this bar, they didn't ask that many questions. And That's how every bartender gets a job, by the way. Yes. You lie. Yeah, you have. That's how I got every job in my life. I lie. Yeah, it's going All right at the beginning. It's been like two months. At the beginning they would like order, I don't know, a Manhattan. And I'd be like, yeah, no problem. And I would Google it real quick And now I'm good. Yeah. Why not? Yeah. Okay. What do you do for fun? Zach? Black. What would surprise us about your life? The last guy is a morbidly obese, adorable baby boy that got molested from five to 15. Try to compete with that. I will try to compete with that.


I never talk about this and most of my friends have no idea, but I actually don't have a right shoulder because of a football injury. No. Right. Deltoid since I was 15 years old. What? And nobody notices. You can't really tell. But I think about it, about every 30 seconds every day of my life. Does It hurt? It's kind of numb. It doesn't really hurt. I could kind of see it now that you, is it shorter pat? No, no. Just a baggy shirt. Yeah. That is a Bitch ass shoulder. Hey. Yeah. I mean I, I can say as a man with no shoulders, you got off easy Joe Neck.


Alright. Take it easy Jack. I was trying to fun with You. Funny fucking cunt. Yeah. I never really thought of a way to make it funny. I think about writing a joke about it all the time and I ne I've been on this show a few times. I never brought it up, but I figured fuck it. That's what you want to hear about, don't You? No shoulder Fucked up. Shit. Not that good. I also, that's why I didn't wanna bring it up. This is not that crazy. You could, Jon Deas wants to see it. Is it, does it look different? Take it off. It's just zero muscle. Kind of pull your shirt for a second that way. Yeah, that's a, It looks like you have a, I Can't tell that it's not that bad.


Know the last, the last guy had his, his mom slammed his head against a coffee table when he was three. I know. Kill him. You can't tell this guy's like a football injury. My shoulder kinda looks different. You can tell if I had my shirt off. You could tell. Yeah. Yes. That's okay. Here. Can we see it? Let's see it. Oh, OSA has just drunk enough to wanna see it. Look at this fucking guy. Hey, what's up you pig boy. Hey, why do they keep calling Osa pig? Fast forward two hours. Take your shirt off, dude. Wow. An American patriot. We're finding out not only what his shoulders look like, but also who he voted for in the last election.


Incredible. The right candidate anyway. Yeah. When you escape from the prison in Cape Fear, you can tell though, what the fuck? Big time. It's like, kind of embarrassing. You can tell. Oh My God, the liver prince is here. Everybody Keep that off. This guy eats hard boiled eggs during the day. Re did you? Were you in the military? No. People ask me that. Just jacked. Yeah. I couldn't go in the military. Not fit for service with the shoulder. And I had heart surgery. Got two metal clamps on my heart. What? What happened there? What do you have? That was when I was five years old. Just something didn't connect. Blood wasn't getting oxygen.


Baboon heart. That's why he's the sound effect guy. Ladies and gentlemen. Baboon Hart has entered the chat. That's why he hits buttons for a living. Everyone for he said Baboon Hart. All right. Zach Black. You already have a big joke. Oh, he's gonna pop in his Zi real quick. Oh, Should. I love How he put that hat that pack on, but not the shirt. I love that. Is that a loose breaker or a zen? It's actually a velo. 'cause they're the cheapest. Yeah. Wow. Jack, why are you so nervous? You're shaking and chippy. You're a confident dude, man. Like why are you shoulder, man? Yeah.


Serious. I'm not busting your balls. I'm really asking. I don't know. Just a little nervous. Yeah, I'm just shaking. I'm just energy. I'm not that nervous. But You got kind of nervous dude. Been a while. Been a while since I've been on this show. Yep. Great. That's wonderful. It's been a while when, since I have When are you due back on the set of American history X. Here's a big joke book, buddy. Congratulations. Thank you. There he goes. Zach Black. All right. To end tonight's show, Ladies and gentlemen, William Montgomery can only write 20 seconds per week. It's very hard for him, so he cannot make it tonight.


ARI MATTI is on panel. David Lucas opened the show, which means there's only one real option to close a show like this. A KILL TONY Legend, who we haven't seen in months. If you know the lyrics to his introduction song, now is the time to sing it. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Hans Kim. Hey, glad you had no one else left gonna be here.


I just got back from Asia. If you couldn't tell. Thank you. Gowa. Yeah, just got back from Asia. It's great being in Asia. I can unlock every iPhone on that continent That I love being back in America. I love America. Love having a gun. Now I can get into arguments at the mall. Can't wait till we get rid of DEI. Soon Harvard is gonna be all Asian. It's not gonna be called LinkedIn anymore.


It's gonna be called Chiton. I met a guy from Lebanon recently. I didn't know that was a place. I thought it was Q Anon for lesbians. All right, well that's my time. Thank you guys very much. Hans Kim. Hans Kim. Hans Kim. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans Kim. That was Hans. Kim Still got it. Crisp. Delivery star power. You look like a fucking absolute dictator. Incredible stage presentation. I mean, absolutely amazing for you to make that yourself and then dry, clean it yourself and then wear it yourself.


Absolutely amazing. Yeah. I gave myself you And your People Can do. This is JOE DEROSA. Can I correct Just one of your jokes? I love it. It's not gonna Be called LinkedIn anymore. It's gonna be called ranked in Rank in. I disagree. I say lean into the slur. Ah, Well you speak from experience. Yeah, right there on that spot. On this stage. I said that word. Everybody freak now. Hans. Kim, tell us what's been going on. I went to Asia with my girlfriend and her three friends. It was a fucking nightmare.


Oh my God. Three girlfriends, Three of her friends that I wasn't allowed to have sex with and then her. Right. So it's your girlfriend and three of her girl female friends. Yeah. And me, Right? Yeah. I got that part, Hans. So you, her and three. So it's you plus four and it's your girlfriend and her friends who clearly your girlfriend's entertaining and hanging out with while just making sure you're not cheating on her. Yeah. Wow. How did that go? Tell us about it. Great. Give us some like actual details Like Sex in the City. I had a great time. We went to Disneyland, we went to Universal whatever there You did American shit over there.


Yeah. I mean, did you pay for everything? I paid for like 30% of it. Yeah. Yeah. Hans is famously cheap. A little fun fact is that the regulars on the show tend to be very, very, very cheap people. Not ARI MATTI, not David Lucas, but William and Hans. Notoriously miser esque. So you paid for 30% of the trip, but you fucked only 25%. And we know that you, that must must health. Yeah, I need like an over the pants hand job or something. Yeah. So those girls, they paid for their flights, for their hotels and stuff. Yeah, I paid for some of the dinners.


You know, it's not like they paid for any of the dinners. So like I feel like I was a positive contribution, you know? Man. Did You bring that up to your girlfriend at all after you did it? Were you like, Hey, I paid for dinner for you and your friends? Yeah, I mean, then it kind of loses the appeal of the nice thing that I did. But yeah, I I I know. That's why I ask you and I will repeat the question. Let me remind you, it's a yes or no question. Did you mention it to your girlfriend verbally? Like, Hey, I did pay for dinner for you and your friends. Yes. There you go. Thank you. Just, just making sure there were You like that 1175 really set me back here in Asia. It's cheap. It got fuck off. I, it's, it's an affordable country is my point.


Continent. I don't know. I'm not here for facts people. I'm just here to jump in with a zinger here and there. I never said I was well read. Do it, do a zinger. I just, I got a good zinger, folks. It's not gonna be called LinkedIn anymore. It's gonna be called LinkedIn. Do you get it folks? Listen, food is Cheap in Asia. How cheap is it? How cheap is it? A dinner for four would only cost you 1175.


So silly Hans, what else, buddy? You look fantastic. You look like your own mother and grandmother right now. It is incredible. Strong female energies while being a very masculine boy. Steve GaN Thank you. Got this from a Chinese market called Temu. Ah, yeah. Just living life. My birthday's coming up soon. May 31st. May 31st. Okay. Yeah, I, I won't invite Instagram. How do you celebrate your birthday, Hans? What are you looking forward to doing? I'm having a little pool party and then I'm having a real party at 9:00 PM Whoa. 9:00 PM That's an exact start time if I've ever heard one.


Is it at your place? Yeah. Do No. Oh, What do you, what's gonna be at your party? Karaoke. There's a surprise. It's 1175. If you Wanna sell us on it, sell us on this party karaoke. There's gonna be Catan, there's gonna be a game of Catan going on. You can hop in, hop out. I thought you meant Chris Catan. Chris Catan, The old SNL Star. Perhaps you remember. What was it not Goatman. Yeah, he ate like the mon mango. Mango, mango, mango.


Yeah. All right. I'm pretty sure we're all wasted. We should end the show, Hans. Kim, any closing words? I love you guys. Please be safe and have a great night. Wow. Hans Kim, catch him all over the world on the Killers of KILL. TONY at Madison Square Garden the night before the Madison Square Garden KILL TONY with Ari. How about another hand for Ari? Maddy? Everybody. Ari Matti will be at Madison Square Garden the night before MSG. Joe OSA's new special comes out on YouTube at JOE DEROSA comedy on YouTube, correct?


July 21st. He's gonna be at Zanies in Nashville, July 27th and 28th, or is that June? June 27th and 28th. ARI MATTI is a superstar here on Koni. JOE DEROSA is on tour at Joe DeRosa comedy.com. Is that the right website? JOE DEROSA dot com. Also, check out Joey Roses, one of the best sandwich shops anywhere in New York City. Thank you to Shopify nicked and open phone for this episode. Red Band. Love you guys. We love you guys. Thank you so much. Goodnight everybody.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now over. Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.