
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, Shop Squad tv. And now, here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Hello. Do you see me? England, London. It's me. The young king here with the prime rib minister Brian Redban inviting you to the lovely O two arena for one night only June seventh.


That's enough. It's enough. Too much sauerkraut for you. Oh, Your hats. Get in front of the, get in front of the sign. You Baffle. That's why you not royalty. Oh, oh, oh. Hey, This is our, your only chance to see us on the other side of the world. 'cause we're pure blood Americans. We're putting on an act right now pretending to be English, to get you to buy tickets, making us feel like we're connected in some way. But we are coming. The number one live comedy show in the world is coming to the O two Arena, London, England, June 7th. Get tickets right now at the only place where you can get them.


Tony HINCHCLIFFE dot com and We'll see you out for Royalty. Waits for no one. Somebody put on some Elton Jaw. Oh, you two. Oh oh.


Hey, this is Renick. Come to live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas For a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Get up for Tony. It. S ready for the best fucking night of their lives, huh? We made it. Brian Redban. Ladies and gentlemen, what's that? And that is the best damn band in the land.


The great Carlos Sosa over there on Horns, Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo nachos, Bel Grande Beta Chalupa. That's the great Michael Gonzalez on the drums, Ladies and gentlemen. They call him Big Mike. Gets a little bit bigger every week. That is the mutilated Matt Mulling on the electric guitar. The great Jon Deas is back on The Keys. He's been on tour crushing it, and on bass tonight. Joining us though, with perfect vision, the man can see. This is Nick Lewis joining the band tonight. De Magnus with a very rare night off.


How much fun is this? We are here. We are live. So exciting. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


Alright, let's talk about how Amazon Prime makes everything better. You know the moment you are binge watching different things and you realize that Prime has more to offer than expected. Amazon Prime isn't just fast delivery though. Let's be honest. Getting snacks are a last minute prop. Delivered the same day is a lifesaver. It's also Amazon Music divide to, and all the things that make life more interesting. Red Band. Whether Streaming a standup special building the perfect playlist for the next show, or getting new gear delivered fast Prime helps make it all happen and maybe even delivers a few laughs along the way. So, whether comedy, drama, or just the perfect new joke book is the vibe, remember Prime is there for It. I do it all on Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. amazon.com/prime.


This Father's Day help dad be all he can be with a gift from The Home Depot because he's not just dad, he's the handyman of the house, the plumber, and a pinch, and the emergency mechanic. Upgrade his gear this Father's Day with the Husky Mechanic's 270 piece tool set from The Home Depot now on Special Buy for $119, a $695 value for every kind of dad. Find the perfect gift. This Father's Day at The Home Depot


At Sierra Discover. Top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show? Yeah. Well then let's do it. Ladies and gentlemen, this is another one guest episode. And that means that that means that I think that there's enough action packed in this one solitary guest that we're going to have the goddamn time of our lives. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you one of the greatest guests in the show's history. We haven't been able to get him on since before the pandemic because he's a global international superstar. And it, it ain't easy booking these people on a Monday night, but we got 'em tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you one of the greatest comedians in the world, currently on a global, huge fucking tour.


Make some noise for one of my favorite comedians. This is JIMMY CARR, everybody. Yeah, that's right. That is correct. The people on their feet are correct. Those are good fans. Yes. The great JIMMY CARR is back on KILL. TONY, the American Tour Australia, New Zealand and Europe. JIMMY CARR with two rs.com. The man, the meth roast God super comedian.


And when him and I get together, we tend to have what we would call a hoot nanny. Well, yes indeed. It's a it's an honor and a privilege for you to have me here. We're going to have fun. Jimmy. You know the show very well, and it's 230 comedians signed up for the chance to be here tonight. If I pull their name out, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know, their time is up and you the sound of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear, which is loud and interrupts them. And then I conduct an interview and we have a lot of fun. We meet 'em all together. This is gonna be great. This is course for Celebration ab That Abso one third of the horn section in remission.


It is, it, It is incredible. Let's enjoy them while we have them. Absolutely. Two of them have cancer. One of them is certainly gonna be deported to El Salvador any day now. There is, there's a lot to worry about over there. Let's go to this illegal immigrant and let him pick the first name out of the right up the top. That's what kind of bucket pool. You, you are All right. Normally you people work a little bit harder, but okay, we're gonna start with that name. We're gonna go wrangle that person from the bar next door. And while that person gets informed that they are about to be on the biggest comedy on YouTube and Netflix, Ladies and gentlemen, to get us warmed up here tonight.


This is a brand new minute from one of the greatest golden ticket winners in the history of the show here to flex off another new minute of material. Make some noise for the great Martin Phillips. Everybody Cool. What's up? Good. Get, I get really emotionally attached after sex. So sex workers hate me. You know, like, quit calling. I'm like, I just wanna talk.


Come on, lets, you know, a, a deer loser antlers because of low testosterone. So don't ever give a guy a hard time for not being able to keep it up because it could fall off, you know, could be way worse. You know, and it's, and it's tough for the deer. They can't, it can't hide that. It's, it's audience that everyone, that there are a pussy ass bitch. Fuck yeah. Martin Phillips, Ladies and gentlemen, with another new minute again and again and again.


Not afraid to come out and get the show started. Welcome JIMMY CARR. Is your first time seeing Martin? Yeah. You seem nervous. You're shaking a lot. You're here. You, I'm nervous. I'm you. You know, I, i I don't wanna, I know I speak with an English actor, but I think it's a little bit pretentious to do the whole Stephen Hawkin thing. Hey, I can walk. I'm, that's, That is, that is perhaps not the, not the greatest of flexes, but yeah.


Not a bile. This guy's great. He's great. We call him Steven walking. Oh geez. I think we can put that on the poster. He's a walking, talking Steven Haw. That is a badass. Fucking, that's merch for days. A walking, talking Stephen Hawking. I was, I was Weirdly good friends with Stephen Hawking. You Were? Yeah, we were pretty close. We used to spend a lot of time together and he, he could take a joke. Really? He came to see a show of mine once in, in Cambridge.


Okay. And the rest of the audience was so uncomfortable around him. Just 'cause I I said that, you know, when he dies, it's probably gonna be a, you know, a virus of one kind or another. God bless his little heart. Yeah. Alright. How long You been doing standup? A long time. Like a decade or war? Hell Yeah. He's fucking good. Oh, Thanks. Let me ask you a question. 'cause now I'm interested. Was Stephen Hawking when he was in your audience, was he letting Hi, was he typing like, ha ha ha ha ha. Was he like making noise? He he was trying to get out. He was, he was. He was trying to back up out of there.


Oh my goodness. Martin, what else is going on this week? You found the dog? Yeah. That's huge. I, we found Him. You guys might not know, but his dog got away. My dog got out. His dog Escaped. We found this out last week or the week before. Yeah, it was, my brother was watching him. He got out and, but luckily homeless people picked him up. The homeless look after their own. And he, he, he, he lived in the encampment for like three days and I don't know what the hell happened, but he's back.


He survived. So That's so great. He probably saw some shit, but yeah, probably. And all he had was please. So could have been worse, you know, Could have been worse. No doubt about It. Yeah. So a lot of people out, you know, we can say what we will about the homeless people of files in Texas, but go with me. Absolutely. And so someone told you that they saw your dog with homeless people? Yeah, I work out with, I got the dog for like a, a rescue lady who was helping me and yeah. Somebody, she was, well, there was a Walgreens where he got out and somebody was like, yeah, see that dog with a homeless lady?


Then her person dragged down. The homeless lady went a couple in cat dance. It went to the underworld of Austin. The other side people don't know about, you know? Wow. So, yeah. Amazing. So, to be honest with you, I was making bets with red Redband that you were not going to be able to get your dog back. I thought the last person that will be able to get a lost dog is you, Martin Frost. Yeah, I came, I didn't think we were find him, but no, I He heard the jokes you made about him getting hit by a car and he wanted me to tell you, fuck you.


Right. I don't blame him. I deserve that. Yeah. And I, I showed him, I showed him a picture of you and he was like, oh, I I'm a dog. I know. That's a bitch. Oh My God. Oh, oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wow. I know someone who's taking a few weeks off of the show. Andy. I didn't say that. Andy, Andy, Andy the dog. That, that, that is the big I You are you a cook guy? I love it.


I can't believe you speak dog. It's interesting how God takes away some things and gives you other gifts. That's incredible. It's a louy and a curse. Martin, you are a fucking international superstar and you got the show started yet again. One more time for one of the top young rising comedians in the world. Martin Phillips. Everybody spoil alert. He's not nervous. He has cerebral palsy. Okay, this is to the bucket. We go, Ladies and gentlemen, over 200 people, as you know, they have no idea that they're going up until a name is pulled. You know, anything can happen here. It could be the next great comedian found right here.


It could be a completely insane person. We're gonna meet 'em all together. 60 seconds uninterrupted. Your first comedian of the night goes by the name of Solomon. Everybody. Solomon is first. Guys, we really need to stop calling women. Cows is really fucking them up. Yeah, seriously. There's scientific evidence that generational traumas change our DNA. So we've been calling them cows for so long, they're turning into cows. It's not just the weight. They've started wearing these rings around their noses and they're eating grass and taking shits on the streets.


So no more cows. And also we need to stop shoving dicks in their mouths. You see, thousands of years of dick sucking is stretching the jaw. And now the mouths have grown so big, it's really hard to shut them up. And guys, you know why our bread smell so bad? It's the generational trauma of thousands of years of eating that stinking pussy. Thank you. That's my time Solomon. Wow. What's going on over there? Why are you laughing like that? Solomon? What's going on?


You're sweating like I've never seen anything like it before. You were dry when you came out here a minute ago. Yes. You, yeah. Jimmy, You are sweating like a, a child molester in court. Yeah, It is incredible. Which is maybe an experience you've had. Yeah. This is amazing. I've never seen anyone so wet on the show before. You're I know I'm so wet, I'm dripping. You're you're, you're kind of gay dude. What's going on, Solomon? You look like you're on the Indian.


What is that? What do they call that? The, he's like a Bollywood broke back mountain or something like that. Jimmy, What about clothes that fit You already? No. You are, you are dressed like your outfit is painted on you. It's all very tight. Unlike your asshole. Let's talk about it. Solomon, are you, are you straight or gay? Straight. Really? Okay. Yes. Agree to disagree. Woo.


Is this how gay I seem to everybody? Is that why? Yeah. It's, oh my God, now I See why the jokes work so well. Holy shit. Oh my God. Look at the way you do the things with your hands. What is that? This is all incredibly gay. I don't know. It's the panel that brings it out. Okay. I don't know what you're saying. It's the what? I need a the panel brought it out. The fuck does that mean? People are asking genuine questions. They're like, Tony, I have a amazing, so Solomon, how long have you been doing standup? About two years now. About two Years? Yeah. Agree to disagree.


Oh, you are the best. JIMMY CARR. So Solomon, what are you talking about? What were you talking about the whole time you were getting laughs? Like, I, very hard to understand. There's not a monitor, an earpiece or anything in the world that could get me to fully understand the way you speak, what you call English is. Where are you from? Pakistan. Pakistan. How long have you been in America? 17, 18 years. Wow. Do you think you speak English well, B, barely. That's the right answer. So trying to, That's the correct answer. Okay. What do you do for work, Solomon? I Drive, ride, share Uber, Lyft. That, that seems like that's what you would do. Yes. That Seems absolutely.


Thank you. We were all thinking it. I'm glad you said it. Do you sweat like this while you're driving? Not really. But You seem so happy. Are you happy? Yes. Okay. What else brings you Joy? Solomon. What else makes you happy in this world? I, It's pretty. So maybe I'm not, I might, I might have the wrong settings on my Uber. I might have it to quiet. Yes. What makes you happy, Solomon? It's a pretty easy question. What brings you joy?


Do you like square dancing perhaps? Square dancing? Yeah. No, I don't know. You can say anything. You can name anything that you No, I love hikes. I, I You like heights? Yeah, nature Hikes. Okay. I thought he was saying heights, like, like, you know, hijacking an airplane perhaps with 30,000 feet or something like that. What made you move to America 18 years ago? Family. Okay. Yes. And They, well, they were sick of you, were they? Yeah, probably. Yeah. And, and what were they doing here that got you to move here?


My dad had been here. And What, what did, what was your dad doing here? Limousine service. He started smiling before he said it. I don't wanna, I don't wanna profile, but I think I've just seen a suspicious package. There is, there is a little fucking look at that. Little fucking, what are you rubbing it right now? What the fuck is going on? Hell yeah. You got a fucking sack, astan. Look at that fucking thing. You are, you are a pack of something. That is for sure. You have a goddamn terrorist cell in your pants right now. Look at that fucking thing.


Absolutely incredible. How, how big is your dick? Oh, you're actually showing me, you're looking at a microphone saying it is the length of a microphone. That is huge. As far as I know. I study, obviously as you know, I study penis sizes by culture. And Pakistanis are not knowing for carrying such a huge fucking guy. My dad had a li service. How about mom? What did mom do? Oh, mom. Yeah. What does mom Housewife? Housewife Very good. Yes. Yeah, that's, she has to listen to what your dad tells her to do. Am I correct? Sometimes. Okay. All right.


What's your favorite thing about being an American? Solomon? Just living the dream. Tony. Just, That is the correct again, the correct answer. I was going to have you deported if you answered incorrectly there. Look at you. That is so interesting. You must do something for fun here in Texas. What do you do when you're not Ubering and trying comedy? I actually am into fitness. I actually have to thank you all for putting me on it. I used to be a, You're thanking us for Yes, yes. Getting you into fitness. Yes. KILL TONY and actually inspired me to do all this Red band is part of KILL TONY. Are you aware that the green blob that I've worked with every Monday for 12 years, you're giving him credit for you going to the He's never done any.


He paid, he doesn't even walk anywhere. Relax Tony. He's doing great. No, before COVID I was a 300 plus pound alcoholic. No way. Wow. How about that? That is incredible. Yeah. Jimmy. Now fat people are notoriously funny. Have you considered putting the weight back on? Look how much fun this guy's having up here.


He's adorable. There's gotta be something about it. There's something about this fucking guy. I can't quite put my finger on it. Solomon, you have any pets? No. No. You say that like you kick puppies? No, I, I don't, I like 'em. I just don't like the way people treat 'em. Some kind of obsession going on here with the dogs. You think there's too many dog owners? Yes. What would people Yeah. Wait to win them over. What, what, what, what, what do you, what, what would be your solution to this dog problem that you think we have here in America?


I don't know if I have a solution, but it's just annoying to see like too many dogs. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Coming from a guy that harbored Osama bin Laden for quite some time. It's like, just one note. You have too many dogs. I love America, but God, so many barking dogs. Even the guy that can't wa barely wob. Only walk Tell Losing his dog to the homeless. They had strollers for dogs. It is true. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what's going on.


Okay. But Solomon, I'll tell you what dude. You what? You've been on the show once before. Yes. Okay. And what size joke book did you get last time? Small. Very small. This is a, That's The, that's the smallest size it comes in. No, there's one size smaller. This is actually a medium joke book. I was gonna give him a medium one because believe it or not, I do believe that set got more laughs than your last set. Would you agree? Yes. Well then my friend, that's a little bit of growth for you. There you go. Thank You. You roll hot Onto the next One. We go. Are we having fucking fun in here tonight?


Yeah. There goes Solomon, everybody. Mm.


You know this podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. Let's be real. Finding a good therapist can be tougher than finding parking on South Congress. But Talkspace makes it easy. It's therapy that actually fits your life. You can meet online, message your therapist anytime you get matched with a license pro, usually under 48 hours. No awkward waiting rooms, no driving across town. Just real help from the comfort of wherever the hell you are. Red band. You got it. I love Talkspace Tony. It's covered by tons of insurance plans and employers, including Tricare for active duty veterans and their dependents. Most insured members have a zero copay. And if the first A $0 Copay Wow. A $0 copay. And, and if the first therapist Isn't the right Fit, no big deal. You can switch at no extra cost. That's awesome. So here's the deal. As a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code SPACE eight zero. That's S-P-A-C-E eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash tony and enter promo code SPACE eight zero, go get the help you deserve it.


Hello. Hello. This podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter Guys. Summer is officially here, and seasonal businesses are hiring everything from Mule Packers to drama camp leaders to the most beautiful women in the world to drop off drinks. This means that people with specific skills are in high demand and not easy to find. So if you're hiring for one of these roles, how do you find top talent before the competition gets to them? ZipRecruiter. And right now you could try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash KILL. TONY i Red Band. Guess what, Tony? I love ZipRecruiter. It's the best hiring site of all time. ZipRecruiter's Powerful matching technology does a deep dive to identify top talent for your roles immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter Smart technology starts showing your qualified people for it Starts showing you qualified people for it. So gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter, high speed hiring tools. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try it to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash koni. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash koni. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Ooh, the name broke half. Make the noise for your next comedian. Sean Stewart. Everyone. Sean Stewart. Woo. How y'all I love dogs. I love them. Can, can you guys tell I'm Cuban? Hold on. How about now? Yeah. All right. Miami just showed up. It's a hand me down. When everybody finds out I'm Cuban, they always ask me one thing. They're like, Hey, can you get me some Cuban cigars?


No, I don't even speak Spanish. So now when they ask me that, I just whip my dick out. Well, you can smoke this. And they're always disappointed and they're expecting a, B, C, C, a big Cuban cigar. And I whip out a Swisher Sweet. Doesn't even last as long as Swishers. How do you measure your penis In seconds, in chisels strokes. Thank you. Sean Stewart. Jimmy, what are your thoughts here?


My, Well if you, if you wanna get your dicks out, I think we get the last guy back. There's no doubt about it. That Pakistani cowboy will suck you right back in the fucking Cuba my friend. He'll teleport you. He, I saw that cowboy. Cowboy. He's a self lubricating gay cowboy. I mean, he stays wet. Most men don't get wet. That guy dripping right now dripping. Nah, Sullivan. He's a nice guy. He is a nice guy. He a weird guy though. Yep. Well, let's get to you. Yeah, very smart. Very smart. The opening line. I love dogs. And then it all went downhill from there.


Ah, I thought it went All right. Oh, okay. I can't imagine how it must normally go for you to think that was All right. No, that was okay. Just hating. No. Okay. That's good. Yeah. So argue with the person that's been doing this 780 times. That's great. I have no idea what I'm talking about. I love it. You are wearing the pants that the last guy should have been wearing. Those are very loose fitting, an interesting type of cargo pan. I do believe they're on backwards. Right. Every time I've been on you've made fun of my outfits. I tried to dress up a little nicer tonight. That's The upgrade? Yeah. Wow. I was in sweatpants last time. Okay. Wow. Yeah. You told me to go to bed.


Yeah. All right. And here you are. So this is an upgrade from last time. Yeah. Do you keep anything in those Absolutely stupid pockets. I keep a zen pouch. I'm trying to quit vaping. Okay. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, I've quit drinking this year actually too. What made you quit drinking? I don't, I I shit white. What? Say that again. I shit white. One day You shit white. Yeah. White poop came out of your butt. Yeah. Tell us more. I've never heard of this. I've been alive for 40 years. I've never heard of white poop before. It was actually a, at the KILL TONY Arena in the HEBI went there and I was drinking with all my buddies and I, I got some tall boys on the way home and I, I drank those two tall boys.


I woke up in the morning and I had to shit. And yeah, I, I looked in the toilet after and it was like grayish white and I was like, oh, that's not good. JIMMY CARR, let's check in here. Can I ask, you said you were Cuban? Yes. Yeah. Are you, and I'm just checking here are, are you the ghost of a Cuban boy? I might be. I, I don't look at Cuban at all. And so I think I'm, if people call me a fake Cuban, actually, so you just, You look very, very pale and then you're shitting white. Yeah. Can I just check? Can everyone else see him? Okay. He's not a dead boy. It is absolutely frightening to think that you shit white.


Yeah. So you just happen to glance at the toilet. You always look at your poop before you flush it. I try to make sure it's healthy looking. Yeah. Okay. And this time you must have Yeah, I looked it up and it said liver issues, so Yeah. But I, I do hard drugs though, instead now. Okay. Yeah. I still consider myself sober. Like I did Molly on Saturday. Sorry, mom. Alright, I've done that. Okay. Take, take, just go just a little bit slower here. Apologizing near mother and confessing every drug you've done since New Year's Eve. So did you go see a doctor after you Shit white. Yeah. Yeah. And what exactly did the doctor tell you? I got my blood work done and they said they weren't worried about it.


I Did pay the doctor after this. I think my insurance did. Okay. You didn't, you didn't do a minute of standup for the doctor, did you? Yeah. Because that could explain the not caring. No, she actually referred me to a therapist. Really? Yeah. Okay. We're learning a lot here. What kind of therapy? Not ketamine. What The normal therapy. And I was like, that's the only other therapy I know of is normal therapy and ketamine. Okay. Wow. You go to your brain. I've never been to ketamine therapy though. Okay. No one asks you that, so, okay.


All right. What do you do for work? I work at a, a phone company at that I, I hate. All right. I'm sure they feel the same way about you. What do you do for fun now, Sean? Other than hard drugs, I do photography a bit. You're out there taking pictures? What are you taking pictures of? Exactly. Ah, did you happen to take a picture of your white shit? No, I, no, I did not. Lost opportunity there. I took a picture of that, that big fat rapper guy, Dave Blunts. Okay. Yeah, I was at his concert recently and he's hard to get a good picture of. 'cause it was like, it was like unflattering everything I took. Yeah. He's a big boy. Yeah.


What's your love life like? Sean? You seem like you couldn't please a woman. Eh, I've never had a bad review, but I'm on a bit of a hiatus. I'm trying to get into like, a real relationship again, so. Okay. Why? What makes you wanna be in a real relationship right now? I don't know. I'm past the hookup phase of my life. I think, you know, I've done all that And now trying to get into something meaningful again, or not really trying to, I'm kind of focused more on doing this shit, sadly. But Have you ever come and it and it and it comes out purple or anything like that? No. I'm so interested by your white shit. I'm wondering what other kind of crayola bodily functions you have. No, it is cloudy sometimes.


I guess that's, That makes sense. One guy is vomiting in the back Texans don't appreciate talking about the color of people's cu It's never been bloody or anything that, that's what it would concern me. Anything crazy. We should know about you before we let you go. I, I got catfished by a girl with cerebral palsy once. Whoa. You let me guess. She showed up and she didn't have cerebral palsy and you were disappointed. Ah, you seem like the kind of guy that would be into that. You know what I mean? Oh, she, she wouldn't talk to me on the phone before, like, we went on the date and then like, she couldn't find the place on the date. And so then she finally called me and she was like, hello? And I was like, oh shit.


Oh. And yeah, she was walking with like a limp and I was like, oh, like are you, are you sure? Are you good to go on a watch? She's like, yeah, I have cp. And I didn't know that meant cerebral palsy. I thought she meant she had child porn. And I was like, that's kind of fucked up. Wow. Or perhaps you guys had something in common and she had colorless poop. Ah, CP Tony Hitless. Everyone a colorless poop joke. I hope she has. Where's Miami Emmy? All Right. I hope she has insurance. There you go. Jesus shock. What did you do to, Oh, if she had got white poop too? I Don't know. Did you end up hooking up with her? No. No. Why? I would've felt wrong.


Really? Why? I don't know. I feel mean just talking about this right now. I I it would feel like taking advantage of a special needs person. I don't know. You think you were taking advantage of her? No. It was just, Do you have any idea how you come across to the public? How you got a little joke book last time? I've gotten a big one actually. All right, well, there you go. Go fill it up. There you go. Sean Stewart. Everybody. We're gonna keep it moving. Keeping it moving. Sean Stewart. Wow. There she is.


Hello. The lovely Heidi has joined the party, Ladies and gentlemen, every single week. Unbelievable. All right. Your next bucket Pool's been on the show a couple times, kind of a legend around these parts. Hopefully this is a, a new strong minute from Juanita. Everybody. Juanita, I, I was watching the movie, the Beauty and the Beast recently. There's a scene in that movie where they're about to Fuck. Like, and, and I'm not talking about the little gay guy he turns into not that faggot.


I didn't say it have penis. She wants to fuck the beast. It doesn't happen in the movie because the teapot won't leave. Teapot stares at them like a fat friend in middle school. And then she started singing all creepy. Taylor is old as time true. Is it? I'm trying to fuck my dog, dude. Did you watch him lap up the soup? That could be my pussy. Right now I have a full Sargento string cheese in my twat for Beethoven.


Get the fuck out. Wow. That's basically three sets in a row. I have no idea what the fuck people are talking about. Somehow. Martin Phillips with full-blown, shaky, wobbly cerebral palsy is the best annunciator that we've had on this show yet. Incredible. Juanita, welcome back. Thank you. It's really interesting. I don't really, were you talking about, what were you talking about Then? The Beauty and the Beast? There's like a scene where like, she's like with the beast, they're getting close, but they don't fuck because the teapot won't leave.


She just stares at them. Okay. I'm guessing you're rooting for the Beast in that movie. Am I? Yeah. I'm a little jealous. Juanita, welcome back to the show. I'm loving watching Jimmy try to analyze what the fuck is going on right now. He's playing it cool. He's playing it real cool. Tell Me everything. Have there been any changes Recently? No, not much. Not much. Tell us about you, Juanita. Where are you in your, in your stuff?


Oh, In my comedy? Ah, Let's, let's leave that to one side. How are things downstairs? Oh, exactly The same Red band. Exactly the same. No, I've, I've actually never like, done anything like surgically or hormonally or anything. Okay. There's always been this All natural. Yeah. I like it. I like it. Tell us what it's like being trans in Texas. Juanita, what is it like? It's fun. Your voice got a little deeper there. I don't know if you notice that, but It was fun.


I'm, I'm in Austin now, so like, people don't really mind that here. Yeah. I kinda like, I get, I get a little nervous and then I, I see like purple hair and I'm like, ah, that's fine. You're good. In San Antonio is like, sometimes people would get mad. Yeah. What's that? Like? What do they say? How do you know? They get mad When I managed a restaurant sometimes they'd be like, sir, and I'm like, oh, so I'm, I'm a lady. Like, I, there's something fucking wrong with you. Do you want your pizza now? I did want my pizza. So you worked at a pizza joint? Yeah, I managed a grimaldi's like a couple of years ago in San Antonio.


Okay. And there you put the sausage on the, how would it work? What's a trans pizza? Like in Sometimes sausage and sauce. Got it. What's dating in Austin like for you, Juanita? What exactly are you into? I'm into big tall white dudes. Hello Fellows. I'm single. Yeah, that guy. Oh fuck. That's dude just accidentally got excited and raised his hand. He is like, fuck yeah. And then he is like, oh, shit. Forgot there. Hell yeah, dude. You're gonna get buttfuck tonight, bro. I love it. No, I, oh, you know what's been funny though? I recently, since like the show, I've gotten like chuckle fuckers.


That's fun. Okay. Yeah. So You're gonna have to explain chuckle fuckers to me. Oh. Chuckle fucker is somebody that either sees you do standup or like watches you on a show and then they want to fuck you. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So explain to us. They're like sliding into your dms. No, I was actually in line for KILL TONY like a couple weeks ago, And there was like an Australian dude and he was like, hot. And then like, I was like, oh, what's your name? And he was like, I'm Al Khan. And I was like, I'm Juanita. And he goes, I know who you are, watch the show. And then he bought me like 37 vodka sodas.


Wow. And I Did you put your shrimp on his Barbie? I, I accidentally had sex with Him. You did? Yeah. I love that. Yeah. No, and, but I, I was so drunk that I fell asleep, so I was like in like the hotel bed and I was like, wasted. So I passed out and he was like, do you wanna do this or not? And I was like, I'm so sorry. This never happens. I have Whiskey hall, Whiskey hall Now Walt. That's, That's no good. I can't unhear that.


I think the Australian accent might be better. I think maybe stick to that. Okay. Oh, Go Aussie the whole time suits. I should do that. Yeah, I will. A whiskey A whiskey hole. That is the first we've ever heard of that. It's like whiskey dick. But for ladies. Yeah. I think, I think maybe the term. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go with that. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go with that. Let's go with that. When you fucked a few pre-op transsexuals, you realize it's guns are full of shit. I've got whiskey hole.


Whiskey hole might be the line of the night. Yeah. A little Crack Daniels, if you will. A little. Yeah. Oh wow. So you woke up and then the Australian and you had sex. Yeah, I, I did that. Okay. I, I don't remember much of it. 'cause I like, He, what's crazy is it seems like you're the one with re regrets. I know. Oh yeah. No, I, he was really hot and then he asked me to pee on him, and, and I didn't. You did not. I didn't pee on him. And I, and he was so hot. I was like, I'm behaving like I'm not fat right now. Like, I should have totally peed on that guy. He was super hot in Australia.


It's interesting that you have limitations. I know Anybody understand the, the fat, but you should have peed on him because you are, you'll find Well, I You're just out of my league. He was super hot, so I should've peed on him. Oh, He was super hot. I should have peed. I love it when your voice accidentally goes low. And I love that. We can laugh about it. Normally people do not have a good sense of humor. You really stand out. You say he was out of your league, but he clearly liked you. Right? He was Into it. That's true. Yeah, he did. He did. Well Then maybe he's in your league. You should have listened. You're right. I don't wanna sound like an old fashioned. Absolutely.


Thank you Jimmy Carr. Listen, there's a lot of jokes in this show, but this is from the heart. I think. I think you should have, I think you should have pissed On that guy. Yeah, I mean that. Oh, Tony. I I said I wasn't gonna cry. I said I wasn't Gonna cry. Al k I'm gonna pee on you. Jesus. What was that? That was his name. Well, this is the worst Hallmark movie pitch ever.


Okay, so here's the movie. It's A, it is an Aussie guy, And there tranny lady Pisses on him. It's gonna be, it's gonna be, and it's a cartoon. It's for Disney. It's called, there's something down Under What Happens when a man who's Pissed off wants to be pissed on, You'll be rooting for the Beast. Oh, that's, that's Segura after breaking his arm. By the way, if you're wondering what that noise is, I know it sounds like gay sex, but it's Tom Segura after breaking his arm playing basketball.


Wow. Juanita always an amazing interview with you. You are incredible. Such a fucking Love that, Such an exception. There is a huge stereotype that trans people don't have good sense of humors I'll, that is a, a, a thing. And you are the exception to that rule. Without a doubt. Jimmy, Can I, can I say the interview was so good at the material, the minute or whatever, I just Get up and talk about yourself and your life. Okay. That's what you need to do. Yeah. You are great. Thank you. I appreciate It. Absolutely. I agree with Jimmy. A hundred percent. And it's always that way. And you'll get better at doing comedy that way if you do it at these open mics and everything around here.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. My alternative minute. I should have just done that one. It was, it was about me. Yeah, it was Funny. And you know, there's, there's this also a stereotype that women aren't funny. And I gotta tell you, you are the exception of that rule too. Juanita, you already have a big joke book. I Filled It up. You filled it up. Well, just like you did with the Australian. Ah, I'll tell you what, you're getting another one right here. There, there you go. Juanita, Ladies and gentlemen. Who was standing over from some white boys out here?


Let's be Australians. Yeah, there they are. This party's wild. It's weird. Girls aren't normally that good at catching stuff. That's true. She's good at catching that. And I'm sure she, that's not the only thing. She's caught before. Your Pickle hole. What was The pickle? What? Whiskey hole. Pickle hole. You're thinking of a whole different thing. You're thinking of your little pickle over there, huh? Not tonight. Love. I got Whiskey Hole. Ah, no, I'd love to. I've got a support of the old whiskey hole.


Ah, I Can't. I'm all dried up back there. Holy shit. This really is the best show in all of comedy. It's amazing. I gotta say, sometimes I sit back and I'm just a fan. I'm just a fan.


Hello everyone. This podcast is sponsored by Shopify. You know, when I started this podcast, it seemed like I had to figure it all out on my own. When you're starting off with something new, it seems like your to-do list keeps growing every day with new tasks. And that list can easily overrun your life. Finding the right tool that not only helps you but simplifies everything can be such a game changer for millions of businesses. That tool is Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e-commerce in the US From household names like Mattel and Gym Shark to brands just getting started. Get started with your own design studio with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build such a beautiful online store to match your brand style. A red band you can Accelerate your content creation. Shopify is packed with helpful AI tools that write product descriptions, page headlines, and even enhance your product photography. Get the word out like you have a marketing team behind you. Easily create email and social media campaigns wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling. And the best part yet, Shopify is your commerce expert with world-class expertise and everything from managing inventory to international shipping, to processing returns and beyond. If you're ready to sell, you're ready for Shopify. So turn your business idea into with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your one dollar per month trial and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash koni. Go to Shopify dot com slash koni Shopify dot com slash koni.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by kovas. Anywhere worth going Is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas. I've never felt more confident than when I'm kicking down the door of the mothership in my kovas. Ever wonder if you can pull off boots with your personal style? You owe it to your feet to pull on a pair of Kovas? Because being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Red band Tony, guess what? I love my kovas. They're so comfortable not to mention I get compliments on them all day when I'm strutting down sixth Street. Wow. You go for walks. No kovas Craft quality Western boots are for everyone from generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Whether it's a long day or a big night, you're kovas are built a last and impress plus with Kovas best in the West guarantee, you'll get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Right now get 10% off at kovas.com/kone when you sign up for email and text. That's 10% off at TEC ovas.com/konis tecovas.com/koni. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes west.


Ladies and gentlemen, your next bucket poll. Looks like a new name. Make some noise for blazing. Nana, everybody blazing. Nana. Well, hello Austin. I am blazing Nana. I really enjoy fucking smoking weed alcohol. Alcohol makes me hell amine and super D duper horny. I wanna argue and fuck you. Come on. And at my age for what? Hickeys headaches. Hangovers, hemorrhoids. Multiple fat lips. Mostly north, sometimes south.


Speaking of fat lips, ladies, y'all need to stop wasting your best pussy ears on bad sex. That door's gonna close. The one that opens is called menopause. This gash is coming for your youth. Gash is just an old tiny word for she wants your smooth skin, she wants your perky titties. And before you know it you're WAP. Yeah. That bitch about to be DRY. Oh Wow. Blazing Nana. Oh my goodness.


There's so much going on here. I have so many questions. Jimmy. Yeah. What? Two trans women in a row, Right? I'm all woman darling. All woman. All woman, huh? Yes. I think, I think, I think you may be too much woman. I Think I am. Well I can tell you that I used to weigh 444 pounds And now I weigh 100 and like 99 pounds.


Wow. Wow. Yeah. No surgery, no shots. No pills. I got a dog and she runs me all over the place. I'd never had a dog before. I do. Did you steal it from a guy with cerebral pal? I actually took it away from a homeless guy in Berkeley, California. Really? Yeah, I did. I just moved here from East Oakland about a month ago. Nice. Yeah. Okay. Five one. Oh baby. So sorry. Can you rewind to the bit where you stole a dog from a homeless man? He was feeding it french fries through a cage. And I said, what are you doing with that little tiny dog? Thank you, Redmond. Oh no, that's you. Sorry. A little tiny dog feeding it french fries.


And I said, what are you doing with that dog? And he said, well, my friend asked me to keep it for a while and he'd be back. He's been gone three days. So we bought the dog. That guy who was told by his friend to watch the dog for a hunter sold it to you. How much did he sell it for? I paid $125. It was my birthday. It was my birthday present to myself. That's actually stealing a Dog. That's us. That's actually how I got my kids. It's a similar story. Oh, did you? 125. That's a good deal on kids. Okay. Stick with me here. Blazing Nana 1 25 for basically stealing someone else's dog. I find that to be an odd number.


Did the negotiations start at a hundred and the homeless guy said one twenty five? No, it was my birthday and that's all the money that I had collected for my birthday that day. And I said, I have 125 on me. He said, I'll take it. Wow. Collected for her birthday. Yeah. What exactly do you mean by collected for your birthday? Who's giving you this one? I'm Originally from Cleveland, Ohio. And when it's your birthday in Cleveland, we put a pin on you. Like this people tape or stick dollars and $5 a pin. I'm from the hood in Cleveland. Yeah. We get birthday money and I was walking around, Hey, we're in California higher than two people should be. And I was like, they say, what's that for? And I'd explain it.


So by the end of the night I had $125. Me and my friend took the BART to Berkeley. There's actually a name for that where I'm from. That's called begging Blazing Nana. So you just moved here from Oakland? Yes. Now when someone like you moves to Texas from Oakland, do you put, do you put your trailer? Does, do you like sit in it while they're driving the tra You have trailer energies. Am I correct? Do you live in a trailer? I am a a half baked hillbilly. Yeah. My mom's family's from West by God, Virginia. And my daddy's a Tennessee stump jumper from Tennessee.


And So this is a long way to get to. Yes, yes. You Live in a trailer? No, I don't. I live in a a 55 plus community for old folks. Oh, nice. It's pretty nice. Okay. They're quiet neighbors. Quiet neighbors. I hate to be a Taurus, but I dunno what a stump jumper is. Oh, That's just a little hillbilly. That screws anything that wiggles. It's a nice word for a whore. My daddy had so many children. I have sisters and brothers that I don't even know their last names. I found 'em on Facebook. A couple of 'em. I thought it was gonna be something to do with horse racing. No, that's a Tennessee walker love. That's a Tennessee walker, Right?


Pleasing a nana. Don't you wanna see what's in my, my little, I wore this just for you. Okay, let's do it. Let's see what's in that fanny pack. Breath mints. 'cause fresh breath needs to be a priority in your life. Okay. This is magic mushrooms. You didn't see those? Okay. She's got mushrooms. That's, Wait, I got, I thought I thought it was gonna be a C-section scar. I got a vape pen. I got one. Better for you than a C-section scar. I don't even have a belly button. These are my keys. Okay. There's no keys on your keys. Oh, they're inside. Oh, okay. You don't need to pull 'em out. It's All right. Why? Why are we going through nana's bag?


'cause it's a thing we do. These are tweezers. It's a thing we do like she's a regular on the shelf. These are tweezers. These are fucking chin hairs because you never know. Oh wow. You are. Yeah. I'm an old lady. We get Chin hairs. You are something else. I have a rock for cam. That's really cool. I liked how it felt. I got it for him just in Case. All right. Cam's under the weather tonight. He's not gonna be here. Oh, gas X. You're welcome. All the gas X that's in there. Okay. You have a lot of gas? No, but just I add pizza. Oh. This is a, A joint holder. Okay. With my Ohio State University. Buckeye id, I can still get french fries. Wow.


Amazing. That is true. You're reigning. Oh, hey. Defending national champions. The Ohio State University. Everybody, you're just gonna have to learn to love it. Yeah. There's a playoff now. So you're gonna Wait, Wait, wait. I got one that'll win. I'm over my NRA card. Wow. My God. You are an all American fucking little whipper snapper. Look at you. Have you ever done crystal meth before? No. Now what's the craziest thing you have done? Oh my gosh. The craziest. I have so many things. I, in 1983, I married my stepdad's cousin. That would be your cousin.


By law. We're getting word. I'm getting word in my ear that that is indeed your cousin. Calling it your stepdad's cousin does not make it your cousin. That is your cousin. Through marriage. We're second cousins by marriage. My kids are my third cousins by marriage. I got grand cousins. I can literally see Jimmy booking a flight to England in his head Right now. Get the fuck a back away. Just as scary as a gift. It just sounds, it's just the gene pool could use a little c chlorine. Somebody pissed in that team. It's no offense to you.


You seem like a lovely lady. But a fa a family tree. Like a fucking broom handle. Oh, our family. Our family tree doesn't fork. It's a ladder, A stepladder. Wow. Nothing you really say. Makes sense. Blazing. Nana, how have you made money your whole life? Well, I'm retired right now. I hate to sound like a soft story, but I have a traumatic brain injury, believe it or not. Well, that brainard Doesn't It? What's The, what's the brain injury from? I had a, a man tell me that he loved me and decided to beat me up and knock my teeth out and break my jaw and crush my cheek and, Oh no.


Get some Beautiful scars all over my face. That's Terrible. Yeah. Red band, but, But Yeah. What was that? Was that a baseball bat? Oh my god. Red Bray. Oh, red band. Don't, don't. Red red band. This. Can I ask Show, Make light? I don't wanna make light of domestic violence is a very serious thing that affects a lot of people.


But can I ask, when this incident happened, were you significantly heavier at the time? Yeah, I was. Was I was large 4 4 44 pounds. 4 44 pounds. Yeah. And he And he did well. Yeah. He tripped me bastard and he broke my jaw and everything, so I couldn't get the, he had the hit on me first. I am from Cleveland West side. I know how to fight. I'm saying, but he, he got the jump on me. Yeah. 4 44 pounds. I was a slow. I'm just saying that's impressive. Slow. Yeah. I was a little slow that big. Yeah. Yeah. 4 44. Yeah. People go, why don't you say four 50? 'cause I fucking didn't get to four 50. I got to 4 44. Right. That's Right. You know what I mean? That's right. But I really do not have a belly button.


I had nine pounds of skin removed from my abdomen and they couldn't save my belly button, so I really don't have a belly button. Hi. I think I've got bad news, Tony. I got terrible loose. It's not even tan. I'm so white And there, I've Just, you've just given me whiskey hole. Incredible.


Oh My God. Oh My God. That is the first time in the show's history that someone hasn't had a belly button. Incredible blazing. Nana. First one. You really are blazing a new trail. I am Blazing a new trail. You are unbelievable. All right, well, I mean, absolutely incredible. This is your first time on this show, right? Very first time. Yeah. You Get a little joke book to put in that fanny pack blazing, Nana, You're Welcome. One more time for blazing Nana.


Everybody. How fun. It is a hell of a show. Ah, isn't it great, Heidi? Bringing us all back to normal levels of testosterone in the room after, after a trans woman and whatever the fuck blazing nana was, went back to back, back to back. What could happen next? Make some noise for your next comedian. JJ Curry. Everybody. JJ Curry.


What up though? I like to give the crowd information about me so that we feel comfortable with each other. Like I know you guys can't tell, but I'm actually in one eighth. Caucasian. Thank you. I really am. One eighth though. Like my grandfather is mixed. That's half. You break a half down, that's a quarter. And if you break a quarter down, that's an eighth. That's me. Now I don't know how Mathemat correct that is, but my cousin used to sell weed and that's how he taught me fractions.


So I'm really like 3.5 grams of Caucasian. I'm $40 white. Wow. What a set. Exactly. 60 seconds. Unbelievable. Welcome JJ Curry. Wow. How long you been doing standup jj? 12 years. 12 years. Well that's about an eighth of a century, right? Absolutely. Incredible. Wow. 12 years. Jimmy, what do you think? I think he could eat an apple through a wire fence.


That is a hell of a set of teeth you have there, my friend. Jj, it is the standout thing about you. I'm very, it is. Absolutely. I Would, I would love to chat longer, but you probably gotta start brushing them soon. There you Go. It's Coming from British people. That's wild. That's What's That? It's coming from a British man. That's wild. It's true. That is true. The rare exception to British people have bad teeth. You're getting roasted for. That's like, that's like you making fun of him for being such a good basketball player. Jj, what do you do for work with a set of teeth like that?


I'm actually, it's military, so I get like a 90% disabled. So I get that monthly. So I've been doing okay. Yeah. Wow. I've been only doing comedy since 2019. Well, thank you for your service. Can I ask you the, the disability didn't involve losing a belly button, did it? No, no, no, no. It is a lung disease. I have a lung disease. Oh, man. I'm sorry. It's all good. It's all good. I, I only do edibles now. Okay, Awesome. And you got the lung disease from like burning garbage out in the No, it's a long story. Basically, they, they gave me a bunch of shots and was like, no. Oh shit. Yeah. I don't want to talk Like vaccines. Yeah, that's all. Yeah, There you go. So it's all good.


That's what happens. You find out a lot about that on this real show with real people. I didn't wanna Out a lot about that in real life. Yeah, no, it's fine. You can talk about it here. The club is owned by Joe Rogan. Vaccine injuries are appreciated here. It's a real thing that really exists in real life. You don't see that on other mainstream networks. You can only find that here on YouTube. So right after you got that shot, did you notice something? I basically went to the hospital on a Sunday, and then I left like a week before my birthday in April. And what branch? Air Force. Okay. I was gonna ask, what branch do you hang off of?


Sometimes with one arm. Oh, Come On. What are you gonna grow? What Do you wanna go? What show do you think this is? Jimmy blocking his face with his glass so that he can keep up. Christ, Tony. Jesus. You're only just back from the Puerto Ricans Christ. Ah. See sense man, that's a great set. Thank you. So where do you work out of, Say Again? Well, you work outta here. You, Yeah, I just moved here in October. Very nice. Where'd you move from? Tampa, Florida.


Okay. Yep. That makes sense. And you don't do anything for extra income, just outta curiosity. I mean, every once in a while I probably like Uber and stuff like that. Okay. It went too crazy. Very cool. Very cool. What do you do for fun? What does JJ Curry do for fun? Shit, nothing really be miserable. Yeah. With teeth like that, with teeth like that, I'm guessing eating pussy is impossible. No Opposite. It is very much, it is an isolation thing. I can put the click in, you know what I'm saying? Put the click in. Yeah, The click. He's, He's, he puts the click in. Yeah. He's the isolation. He knows where the click is. Yes. Thank you. Thank you.


Thank you. Absolutely. Incredible. That is, that is a lot of trust. A woman is putting in you Big lips, soft seats, you know what I'm saying? Big lips. Soft What? Seats. Seats. Yeah. For the click. Yeah, for the, You put the click there. Amazing. Jj, what's your, what's your, what's your favorite type of woman? What, what does your dream girl look like to you? Oh, I really fuck with Asians. Hard Asian. Yeah. Oh my goodness. This is red band's territory. Red band is our senior Asian correspondent.


Perhaps you could show him how to find the clique before you leave here. And you've been with an Asian before? Yeah. You, you. Wow. Look at the, look at the Yes on that. That, that's like a guy that has his own goddamn Yakuza waiting for him back at home. Absolutely incredible. And have you been with an Asian since you moved to Austin, Texas? No. No. No. So you haven't been with a, an Asian Texan yet? Not A Texan one. Wow. Where do you find these Asians that you tend to? I was in Florida for a while and I was stationed in the military, so that was really easy to do. Filipinos, you know what I'm saying? Right. So yeah, You just put on your camouflage and hide in a bush and It's just, it was like you got a green card.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Absolutely. What, what else do you do for fun? What else do you do for fun, jj? I mean, I, what I like, I'm a big movie person. I like watching movies. Nice. Go to the gym. Of course. Hell yeah. And then, you know what I'm, I like walks stuff like to be outdoor And you say wok. That's WOKS to get Asian women Walks and shit. I love it. Very good. You really do love the Asians. That is one of their favorite things to cook in, is a wok. Now what's amazing about, you know, I never know Bone Eye, the great Adrian Cavazos always has a different setup of books every single week.


And this one is extra interesting. Tonight there's four big joke books and one just so happens to be absolutely Jet Black. And it just seems to me only fitting JJ Curry that you would get This one. It's a perfect fit. Jimmy. If there was any justice, it would be one eighth White. The pages technically count. We're counting the pages here. It was a great set. Unbelievable. Jj, what's the longest set you've ever done before? 45 minutes. 45 minutes. I'd love to have you on the Secret Show Thursday.


You just got booked on our real show here on KILL TONY. There he goes. Jay, Jay Curry, Ladies and gentlemen. And it goes on and on.


Do you know Ball? Because this is it. The final series of the playoffs championships on the line. And if you've got Takes it's time to put 'em to the test on PrizePicks. The only place I trust to turn my hot takes into Cold Heart Cash. It's simple. Pick more or less on a player's stats and boom, your lineup is locked in. You can win up to 2000 times your money. That's not a typo. That's insane. They make it easy to deposit too. Venmo, apple Pay, MasterCard, whatever you use to buy stuff, you can use it here to try and win something real. Here's the kicker. Sign up today and play just five bucks and you get $50 instantly. That's right. You don't even have to win. Just playing. Boom. 50 bucks free red band. What are you gonna play? Well, you Know me, I was looking and I think this week on PrizePicks, I'm eyeing the basketball and selecting Tyrese Halliburton for more than 20 points. And Carl Anthony Towns for more than 12 rebounds. Wow. Incredible. You know, basketball and I love how easy they make it so easy that even red band can do it. Download the app today and use Code TONY to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That is code Tony to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Alright, let's talk about how Amazon Prime makes everything better. You know the moment you binge watching different things and you realize that Prime has more to offer than expected. Amazon Prime isn't just fast delivery though. Let's be honest. Getting snacks are a last minute prop. Delivered the same day is a lifesaver. It's also Amazon Music divide to, and all the things that make life more interesting. Red band. Whether Streaming a standup special building the perfect playlist for the next show, or getting new gear delivered fast Prime helps make it all happen and maybe even delivers a few laughs along the way. So whether comedy, drama, or just the perfect new joke book is the vibe. Remember Prime is there for it. I do it all on Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. amazon.com/prime.


We're having fun in here tonight. What an episode so far. Your next comedian goes by the name of Ronaldo Mercado. Everybody make some noise for Ronaldo. Everyone. Hey. Hey. How's it going? We're gonna have some fun. You guys. Think about killing yourself. Anybody? Okay. A couple honest people. That's cool. I think about it. I think about it. I, I don't know. I don't know if I'm gonna do anything about it, but I think about it. I, I think about suicide. Like I think about home renovation. I'm gonna do it eventually. Well, let's be honest. It would be a lot easier if I paid somebody to do it for me.


Suicide's fun. Not fun. Interesting Suicide's. Interesting. I was drive, how we try to prevent it is interesting. I was driving over a bridge that was over this big old river. And right when you get halfway across the bridge, right in the middle of the bridge, they have a little sign with the number for the suicide hotline, which seems like it's too late. You could have put it at the beginning of the bridge in the middle. You might as well put the number at the bottom of the river and it would do the exact same thing. You could take a QR code for better help, put it on a bullet, put it in a gun, put it in your mouth, pull the trigger. It would do the same thing as that sign on that bridge.


They're not doing it enough. It's too late at that point. That's like putting an ad for condoms in a delivery room. That's like putting an ad for birth control at the bottom of a flight of steps. Ronaldo Mercado. Great stuff. Unbelievable minute. Fantastic. Really good. Ronaldo. Thank You. Thank you. Great. How long you been doing standup? It'll be seven years in July. Seven years in July. Christ, we're gonna miss you. No, my dad is Mexican. My dad is, well he's missing, but he is, he's old school.


He wasn't kicked outta the country. He went to buy cigarettes and never came back. Wow. Yeah, he wasn't deported. He was ported. Okay. Wow. Oh, incredible. Yeah. That's good. Right? Amazing. That's two comedians in a row that had a black father. Incredible. Ronaldo, what do you do for work? Ronaldo? I, I supply molding to Home Depots around the area You supply molding to Home Depot. The one of the ones on the inside. I'm good. Okay. Were you at any stage a bass player for The Strokes?


You have that kind of indie rock and roll Look. There is a look to you. It's very, very rare amongst Latino people I've noticed. But you have a look. Do you have a Latino barber? Barber? No. My girlfriend cut my hair. That's what it is. That's what it is. Which Is one of the most Mexican things about me, by the way. I think she must really love you because she doesn't want other women to be with you. Yes, Exactly. Yeah. She's Mexican as well. No, No. She's a white girl. Yeah, she's white. Where'd you meet her at? We actually met, well we met for the first time we were in elementary school, but we started dating in what, What were you doing? Gardening. What Were you, what were you saying there?


You were in elementary school and then what? We Started dating in high school. Senior year of high school. We started dating. And so how how long? How long has it been? Nine years. Wow. Yeah. Amazing. What does she do? She cleans Airbnbs. Wow. Amazing. Okay. Ronaldo. And you live here in Austin? Yeah. For how long? It'll be a year next week actually. And where'd you move from? St. Louis. Okay. So you and her were together. She moved down here too. Okay. And what do you guys do for fun? We like to hang out. We, we play video games at home a little bit, you know, stuff like that.


She comes out to shows, sometimes hangs out with me, you know, nice stuff like that. What we do for Fun. We've been with her for nine years. Yeah. Do you, do you, you have any secrets to satisfying a woman for nine years? How do you, how do you keep things exciting in the bedroom? Guys? Keep making them think they can touch your butt hole, but don't let 'em do it. Whoa. Just, you know, you just get them a little go, oh, no, no, no, No, no. Go. Oh, you want this? No. Yes. You know the best way to do that. Of course. Tell them you have whiskey hole. Yeah. Yeah. You missed a hell of a thing earlier. Ronaldo. I thought that was just some British shit. I Didn't know this.


This guy's great. There. Very funny. Ronaldo, this Guy. This is incredible. How amazing. Wow. You're built for standup comedy. Ronaldo. Thanks. Actually, I was on this show almost seven years ago. Really? Yeah. When we were just visiting Austin or, or, or no, St. Louis. Yeah. You guys came through St. Louis. Came to Helium Comedy Club. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I was like nine months into comedy. I was 20 years old and like 60 pounds lighter. It was nice. Wow. First person we've had up here all night that's gained weight in the last few years. Everyone else is like, I our 400 pounds Rob. I don't Ever barely put no more.


That is uncanny. Not really known for my impressions, but I do a hell of a blazing. Nana, Can I ask a thing? Ah, I genuinely wanted to ask 'cause you opened up with a suicide bit. Yeah. Do you suffer with that or was it just a bit? I think If you don't think about it, you're lying. Everybody thinks about it a little bit. Again, I, I've never been like, I've never had something in my mouth or like stood on the edge of the bridge and, you know, but I've been like, you know, I've had some stuff in my mouth, but not a gun. Okay. I've just, no, I've never tried to kill myself. But, you know, you think about it.


Wow. Interesting. How often do these thoughts come into your head? I mean, I, you know, you just get kind of sad sometimes. That's about it, you know, everybody gets sad a little bit, you know, and then you go, I wanna get outta this towel with my friends. And then you feel better. That's, that's how I grew up. Interesting. Nothing. Yeah. I don't know about this. Exactly.


You know, we have, if you use the promo code, KILL TONY. That is it. It's a space eight zero at what, what is it? Talkspace. That's right. Talkspace dot com. Use the promo code space. Eight zero. Thank you.


How about a hand for Yoni? Everybody. He's a Jew that keeps the show on its tracks. Everyone, everyone needs a good Jew. I, I highly implore you to hire a Jew no matter what industry you're in, really. Even if you're cleaning Airbnbs like his girlfriend. Everyone can use a Jew. They give you good business advice. And that there, there's a fan of one fan of the Jews back here. Welcome to, welcome to Texas. There's one, one guy that agrees with me. Ronaldo, one more time. What do you, what do you do for fun around here? Well, I Do, I like to go to hardcore shows and I'm a Hell yeah. I'm a, so that is the haircut does make sense.


Yeah. Yeah. I like to, you know, stage dive and mosh and stuff like that. And I'm a BMX guy as well. I go to skate parks, ride bikes at skate parks and stuff. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Look at that. Look at you. Wow. We sort of riding bicycles as being a very healthy pursuit. Yeah. I usually drink beer while I'm doing it, so I doesn't It doesn. Wow. Wow. Look at you. All right, Ronaldo. Amazing. Set. What's the longest set you've ever done? Like 45 minutes. 45 Minutes. Love to be on the Secret show. Two in a row. There was two in a row. And back to Brown, by the way. Back to Brown. Ronaldo Mercado.


He's good. Yeah. Thank You. Two amazing comedians back to back. And now we turn it up a notch. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time for one of the regulars of the show, Ladies and gentlemen. I mean, what can I say? The guy is, without a doubt, probably God damnit, one of the most fucking incredible forces in the history of KILL TONY. Killing it everywhere he goes. Probably pound for pound. Not only one of the top young rising comedians in the world, but probably straight up just one of the best comedians in the world.


This is a brand new minute or more from the great and powerful, the one and only future resident of the United States of America. This Is the Estonian assassin. What's up? Okay. You know, when you, you know, when you fuck a girl and then she gets upset that you told everybody you fucked her.


Yes. Bitch. I told everybody I'm trying to show off. Trust me. You don't wanna be the one I fuck. And then I tell nobody. I've had plenty of those ladies. If you like fuck a coworker and you don't hear about it a week later, that's a bad sign.


That means you are a secret. That means you look like a slub of shit. There's plenty of women who would love a rumor. Hey, Agatha. Hey Agatha. I heard you fucked Dory. Maybe I did. Thank you so much. One minute, 39 seconds for the Freak of Nature. JIMMY CARR. Am I Right? Well, I you, you missed it.


We had a couple of the girls you don't tell anyone about on earlier. Really? Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. One of them didn't even have a belly button. Ugly. I love It's true. She, I do love those too. I love, I love when a chick has a belly piercing that doesn't look like it's pierced. It looks like it's stuck. Oh my God. Bloody hell. How Jimmy? I'm, I'm pretty great, man. Great to see you. Where, where are you from? You from Talon. Estonia. Yeah, Estonia from Talon. You've Estonia so many times. I Fucking love Estonia. It's incredible. You Started touring a lot when you had, but I Love it.


You've got like a proper fucking scene there and you are the star. I'm loving seeing you. Oh, Thanks. Thank you so much. I'm loving seeing the ride. Do you hear him on trigonometry this week? Oh, There's a podcast called Trigonometry. He fucking killed it. Really? You listen to that. Killed it. You killed it. You're killing it here. Yep. I can't get over it. I'm loving your stuff. Thanks, man. The boy's a freak. It's an absolute sensation. I don't know if there's anything ever been quite like it in the history of this show. Comedy's so crazy. I was just like down the street trying that joke. Full silence and confusion. Yeah, it happens. Then you just go and then I just come here like, okay, I guess I don't, got it.


You Made, you made some adjustments. No. Okay. Same hundred percent. Same. Yeah. The people down the street suck. They suck, dude. Yeah, You were right. Come from the Mothership, man. This is where it's at. Yeah. Yeah. So Ari Matti, you are a sensation. You're traveling all over doing it. Long sets. Absolutely everywhere. What's the update? Where you what? Where you been up to lately? Oh, we were. Was Martin Phillips on? Yeah. Yeah. How Jimmy, I listen, I'm not, I'm not your manager, but that's not a bad idea.


So me and Martin, we were in like we were in Florida. Please tell me what this dynamic duo fuck two in the great state of Florida. Martin Felix fucking party. I don't think he's got anything. I think he's just so fucked up all the time. He parties a lot, dude. He He does. He dances, Dude. The bitches love it. They lose their mind. They grab him, they start, Oh Shit. He dances like a T-Rex. Yeah. Did you just take it if you're honest.


Oh my God, We partied. Jimmy. You only took him to get better parking. Also banging parking. We pull up everywhere. We just put the sign blank blank. Just on the behind you to the store. You can do the walk. Just, and also, 'cause I'm on the road with him when he's pre-boarding. I'm right behind it. Dude, they don't ask. Oh my God. They don't ask Just me and Martin Southwest Airlines, they don't ask him either. As people are coming off the plane, we're like, fucking, These are my boys, this is my squad.


They're like, ah, those are the KILL TONY guys right there. They're on the incredible. So you guys were in Florida, So we went to like a bar and we're like, boozing. Everything's cool. And it's Flo. It's for, for Fort Myers, maybe. Yeah. So everyone ugly. Oh yeah. Fuck That Bar. And you're there Like one of those Star Wars bars, you know? And you're there with the Your wing man. Yeah. Aren't you Phillips, who literally has a permanent wing.


I don't like you. My friend doesn't like you either. You have been frozen in Carbonite. That's It. I can do two impressions. Princess Leia and Blazing Nana. Okay, So you're in this bar. So we're like talking, you know, and we noticed that there's no chicks around. At the end of the bar, there were these two fucking bull sharks. Just fucking like two women. You know? You don't even know what age they are. They're just done. Yeah.


You know, when you just drink and smoke so long, you don't even have gender. You're just a carcass. Oh fuck. You should have been here earlier. Is one of them wearing a fanny pack. So they're like at the bar. The bar is super. So you see these two girls and you're like, these are our girls, Martin, I need, yeah, yeah. We're like, we need seven to 8,000 more drinks. So they're at the end of the bar and then, you know, and it's Florida volume bar, you know, it's so fucking loud. So you're yelling. I'm like yelling to Martin.


Okay. Disgusting. Somebody just, somebody just belched. And then, then I noticed to at the other end of the bar, an angel, like an Austin four. Like an absolute Ah, a Fort Myers glory. A 12 and a half. Yeah. An angel enters the bar. And then I turn to Martin. And at this point, you know, when just like music stops playing and you are yelling over a bar. So I just go like, as soon as music starts mid-sentence, I go, I guess there's only one pretty girl here.


The Bull Sharks Activate. Oh shit. Oh shit. There's Blood in the water. And this ugly trash bag of a human looks at me and mark them and goes, which one's the pretty one? Have You Considered writing romantic fiction? It's a lovely boy with words. And of course I tried to say that. I go, I guess there's three, you know, But now the music's playing.


They can't even hear you say that It's over. Yeah. And then they get some bit, and then I get nervous because they keep talking and then all, and then all of a sudden just a pickup truck full of men get to the bar. All gorillas, you know, it's like a machine from a movie where they're coming to beat up the outsiders. You know? I mean, if you're gonna beat up Martin Phillips this, I'm fucked. You know? And then they come off and I overhear the bull sharks tell these jocks of what went down. And you know what those guys did that I was so nervous. Those guys literally laugh and they go, well, you ain't a prize.


And then by the way, we started drinking. Those girls were actually a lot of fun. They were cool. Yeah. Yeah. Plus Martin needs something, By the way. He bangs. I've seen some girls backstage. It's pretty Martin Martin. Yeah. Girls have like a fetish. They want to take care of you, you know? Oh yeah. They're like, I can fix him. You know? Oh My God.


One of the funniest people on stage. This is A joy To watch. It's unbelievable. You, I get to, we get to drink together at night. We get to sit at fucking mitzi's and get trashed together. And he is this funny all the time. It's absolutely ridiculous. I Larry Madie, you are a God sensation. Thank you. Thank you. Tony. Freak of nature. He's a freak. I love it. Estonia, You get to see it live week after week. The Estonian assassin Maddie.


Eczema isn't always obvious, but it's real. And so is the relief from EB Gliss. After an initial dosing phase of 16 weeks, about four in 10 people taking gls achieved its relief and clear or almost clear skin. And most of those people maintain skin. That's still more clear at one year with monthly dosing. GLS lebrikizumab, L-B-K-Z-A 250 milligram per two milliliter injection is a prescription medicine used to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older, who weigh at least 88 pounds or 40 kilograms with moderate to severe eczema. Also called atopic dermatitis. That is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin or topicals, or who cannot use topical therapies. Gls can be used with or without topical corticosteroids don't use. If you're allergic to epli, allergic reactions can occur. That can be severe. Eye problems can occur. Tell your doctor if you have new or worsening eye problems. You should not receive a live vaccine when treated with epli. Before starting gls, tell your doctor if you have a parasitic infection, searching For real relief. Ask your doctor about EPLI and visit gls.lilly.com or call one 800 Lilly Rx or 1-800-545-FIVE 9 7 9.


Hey there, travelers, Kaylee Cuco here. Sorry to interrupt your music. Great artist BT Dubs. But wouldn't you rather be there to hear it live? With Priceline, you can get out of your dreams and into your dream concert. They've got millions of travel deals to get you to that festival, gig, rave, sound bath, or Sonic experience you've been dreaming of. Download the Priceline app today and you can save up to 60% off hotels and up to 50% off lights. So don't just dream about that trip. Book it with Priceline. Go Your happy price. Priceline, Back to the bucket we go.


Not easy to follow Ari Matti. This is gonna be a minute uninterrupted for Rodrigo Marin. Everybody make some noise for Rodrigo. I don't really know my own exact race, but people say I look like I'm made up of a bunch of different races. Yeah, some say one of them is black. Yeah. So I measured my dick. I'm definitely Hispanic guys.


It's settled. Nah, every time someone ask if I'm black, I always say, I don't know. I don't know who my dad is. And every time they say, oh, so you're black. And every time I rob them, what do you expect? You know that I was hanging out with some friends the other day and one of 'em told me how I've been looking like shit lately. So I said, thanks man. I'm really trying to get that Pete Davidson look down.


Thank you guys. All right. Rodrigo Marin. Not only do you have Pete Davidson's look down, you also have his standup act down as well. Really? Yeah. It wasn't intentional. We're having fun here. I'm just kidding. Pete's great. Rodrigo, how old are you? 26. 26. What do you do for work? I'm a waiter at a restaurant. Okay. What do you do for fun? Smoke weed and go to the gym. Yeah.


A lot of people gonna the gym for fun. When did the gym become an answer for What do you do for fun? This episode? It's people, well, I used to body build, like Really? Yeah, when I was in college. I'm guessing that didn't work out. It didn't No steroids. I was like, I'm good. Yeah. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Did you do steroids? No. No. Right. You don't believe me? No. No. I, I believe you. Okay. I believe you. You are an interesting looking guy. The longer I stare at you, the weirder looking you get same year to you to be honest. Wow. What a comeback. What an amazing comeback.


Same to you. Well written. Your act is getting stronger after the minute, Rodrigo. So what's your love life like Rodrigo? Non-existence? Since comedy started, to be honest, It's gotten worse every How long have you been doing comedy? A year and a half. Year and a half? Yeah. All of it. Here in Austin? No, I just moved here. From San Antonio? Yeah. Okay. The long 45 minute drive from San Antonio. Hour and a half sometimes. All right. Okay. Yeah. All right. So you live on the west, west side of San Antonio? No, I'm not that ratchet. All right.


No, north side. North side. Okay. By UTSA area. Yeah. All right. What's your, you have a big family? I do, yeah. How many brothers and sisters do you have? Two brothers. Well, one of my brothers. I count him a nephew. He's my nephew. I count him as a brother. And then two sisters. Have they seen you do comedy? They have not. No. No. Neither have I. Yeah. What It's, it is, is that your best material, you think? Or is that stuff you've written recently? I think I have better jokes, but they're a little bit longer. Okay.


Yeah. A lot longer. No, just like 30 seconds. All right. Let's hear one of your best jokes. One of my best. Yeah. I wanna hear one of your best jokes, Ladies and gentlemen. Doing one of his best jokes. All right. Good. It's a little bit longer. All right. Gonna give him a chance here. I wanna see what you got year and a half in. Yeah, Rodrigo, man, I went to a gay bar in college. I got kicked out for hitting on all the girls, right? Yeah. They were like, he's not gay imposter. I was like, no, no, no, no, no. I'm gay. I'm gay. And they were like, prove it. I was like, oh, fuck. So there I was, you know, proving I'm gay to get the girls right.


And I was like, ah, you believe me now. How, how about now? I was like, am I fucking gay, dude? Or what? All right. Get out of Tony's mind. It's true. I go to gay bars and just to pick up chicks all the time. You're just Curious. Wow. Amazing. Okay, Rodrigo, let's try to figure out some real actual funny stuff about your actual life.


Okay. Other than the gym, right? What are some other things that you tend to do or that are interesting or that make you different, or your perspective is different or that you find weird about you or your life or your upbringing or anything? Anything ever happen to you? You ever get molested or something? No. On that one, but I mean, nobody in my family knows who my dad is, but normally, yeah. Nobody in my family knows who their dad is. Nobody in my family knows who their dad is. We all have different, it feels Like, it feels like there's gonna be a but there and more to this story.


What did your mom say? Well, she said that she said that it's this one dude, but everybody else says is not, I don't believe. I dunno who to believe. Yeah, it was So when's the last time you talked to your mom about this? Not too long ago. When I bring it up though, she's like, why, Why do you have your phone on you? Could we call her? I I I don't have it on me. Is' that on me? I don't have it. Let's unlock his phone. Let's do it. Let's get the phone. Unlock her out here. You gotta call mom. Yeah, I'm gonna call, we gotta call mom. Dude, I think we Call mom. I think if we just call her, I think she'll understand. She's, she's very Mexican Now.


Ladies and gentlemen. If you could keep it. She's Very Mexican. You Could keep it quiet. She's Mexican. Well, that, then We'll have Michael Gonzalez translate for us. It's okay. Let's do it. Let's do it. I'm calling her. All right. This is crazy. Here. You gotta put the, what, what's FaceTime or What's your mother's name? Sh Shanna. Shanna. Shanna. Okay. And make sure you put the volume all the way up. And then when you hit send on the call. Oh, it's put the microphone up to the absolute bottom of the phone. Right up against it. Okay. Okay. She does work in the morning. So let's see. She's awake. Put the phone, put the, put the mic next to the bottom of it. Put it on speaker underneath.


Yeah, It does. Put it on speaker. Yeah. There, there. Oh, you, oh, you're FaceTiming her with a face like that? I would go with an audio call. Oh, okay. Let's, it's a FaceTime only a mother could love. She's, Come on, pick up Shayna. Turn it up. Turn the volume up. My phone. That's, that's all it's got. No way. Gimme that. Oh shit. Mom's hot. Shannon, hold on. Oh, excuse me. I'm, I'm here with your, with your son. Holy Shit. She has to, oh, is it voicemail?


Oh, is It, is it voicemail? Hello? Excuse me, Lover. Shane, are you there? It beep. Oh, it beeped. Oh, damn it. Let's go back. Let's go back. You fell for it, Jimmy. What the fuck? Your mom is fell your mom for her voicemail. Dude, hold on. They're almost done. Not yet. I'll tell you right now. A little bit More. She's, she's drunk. She's drinking. She's off. Okay, hold on. Shayna. Hello? Hello. Shayna. Can you hear me? Sh Shayna. We Need to, hello? Well, hello. We need to, we are here with your son, and we need to know who his father is. Who he, what?


We know. We know you caught a lot of dicks 27 years ago. We need to know who's dick. You caught What? Shayna. It was His, his own dad. His name was also Rodrigo. Rodrigo. But where is this guy? How can we track him down? Rodrigo wants to meet him. Oh, God. And can we, where do you think we should look if we wanted to find him? Shayna? Oh, shit. I don't know.


You're on the show right now, Shayna. You're on, you're on one of the biggest shows in the world right now. My name's Tony. It, have you heard? I think, I think your mother just qued Shayna. I'm looking at the picture that you're, you're, you're, you're unbelievably stunning. Oh, Thank you. Yeah. What, what are you doing Wednesday night? Oh, am kidding. I'm off work.


Rodrigo, you might not know who your dad is, but you're about to meet your stepdad right now. It's, I've, I, Ladies and gentlemen, I've said it before I said it again. Tony HINCHCLIFFE is a motherfucker. Tony mother, you lover. She, She's very hot. Look at the picture. The song. Wow. This is the first time ever where I can really look a guy in the eyes and go, I, I want to fuck your mom. He took a picture of it. No way.


He took a whatcha whatcha gonna do with that later, right, man. Oh my God. He really did. Yeah. She's a smoke show. Oh my God. Christ. It's crazy. Oh my goodness. Spank bang for red band. Wow. Eyebrows on Flee is what they say. Yeah, she is. She's got some cleavage there. Used to. Those are they used to. All right. Okay. Looks like you and I have more in common than I thought when I first saw you, because I'm also going to suck on your mother's death, Shana.


Wow. I just, chances are you're also gonna ruin a pussy. But I'll always be here. You'll always know right where I am. And anytime you need a father figure in your life, come to me and I'll help you. You got, you got, you got money. You said. You said, I could See why your dad left. You're a little, little gold digging boy. That's what you are. Alright. I'll tell you what, even though the minute was pretty rough, maybe it's 'cause you were following Ari Matti and also the, the, the joke about the gay bar, you know, whatever. But I'm giving you a medium joke book here. Sure.


Just so that you could put in a good word for me with your mom. We'll Get it. We'll get it. That's fine. There you fun times, Rodrigo. Keep signing up. We'll come back again. Rodrigo Maron. Everybody. He pulled it back. Oh, A a We're having fun here tonight. Let's get one more bucket. Pull up here. We're running a little bit long here tonight. Make some noise for your final bucket. Pull of the night. It's Adam, sincere. This is definitely a new name. I would remember an Adam, sincere.


Oh shit. Oh shit. One more time for your final bucket. Pull of the night. Adam. Sincere, Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you Very much, Ted. All right. Hey. Right. I love it. All right. This is fantastic. I took the bus down here and this family got on. They had a, like a baby and a stroller, and this kid had a golden earring on. And I, I'm not trying to tell you how a parent, but it's kind of unfair, right? I mean, the kid can't even talk yet. And already he's cooler than me.


Yeah. Then I, I saw a bumper sticker on the way. It said, no farms, no food. This guy just hates everything. Say, do we have any Jesus fans here? All right. I love it. I'm a little embarrassed. I I was raised thinking that he died for a sin. I just found out, apparently what happened is a bunch of guys killed him. I had a joke about masturbating too, but I'm gonna save that for when it comes in handy. Thank you, Adam. Sincere with his KILL TONY debut right down the hatch.


Look at you. You're a silly little rock rockstar, aren't you? Grab the microphone, Adam, you're like a throwback. Pardon me? Oh yeah. Hi, Adam. Common sense back there. Hello. How are you doing Great. Welcome. Welcome. How long you you been doing standup comedy? How long has it Been? It's, it's been about two years before the pandemic, and then I rolled over and died during that for a little while. I'm trying to get back in, So, okay. Where do you live? Boston. Really? Oh yeah. Wow. Yeah. Oh, yes. And, And you're just visiting? I moved here about a week and a half ago. Oh, congratulations. JIMMY CARR. What year is it where you are from?


I got shot down somewhere over the Pacific, and then I, I just kinda woke up here. So really, I, I kind of love this guy. I think it's the lines, though. The jokes. Forget the jokes. The facial expressions of the punchline. Yeah. You just exude funny. And then the lines me, you got a great face. Thank you. Thank you. To me, you're speechless. It feels like you are a cartoon. Yeah. Doesn't feel real. Yeah, no, I completely agree. You have a look, you fucking dress up for the, for the night. You'll look like a professional, you act like you move like a professional. The jokes could use up a little bit of, a little bit of something, but obviously you're, you're two whatever, two years before the pandemic.


It's like you're coming back. Oh, Yes. You're making some kind of return. I'm trying to, and you just moved here a week and a half ago, so you're in the right place. I, I feel like it, especially after this adulation. Really? Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Adulation. I feel like, Yeah, it feels like it's, it's like watching Family Guy. The casting for the young Peter Griffin. Yeah. Yeah. Family guy meets Scooby Doo something. Something's going on here. What do you do for work? Exactly? I'm, I, I've been a bartending for a while, but I'm, I'm on the a hunt right now. I just applied for a farm hand and a private investigator this morning.


Well, I think it's, yeah, it's a, that's very smart, because you really want to narrow your search. You really want to, yeah. You really wanna specialize in a private investigator on a farm. Maybe I preferably Do you have any experience in farming whatsoever? Is there a lot of farming where you live in Boston? No. No. Right. Well, I mean, but I've, I've, I'm eager. Yeah. You know. Well, you are dressed as a seventies detective. That's gotta help, isn't it? It does esp Yeah. In, in sleuthing for a job. It definitely helps to, to dress the part on the computer, so, Wow. So, yeah. Did you go to the, did you go to the farm hand interview dress like that?


I actually, I didn't get a call back. Wow. But cool. It's not show business. It's a farm, man. You took a headshot to a farm Man. Shot. My agent said I didn't get the role of the farm, man. How about the PI thing? What's, do you have any experience in that whatsoever? I don't. It just, it seems, you know, when you're a little boy, you want to be a cop and then you grow up and you realize you don't want to hurt anyone, but you like the whole, you know, adventure. Sorry, I, I don't, I don't, I'm harmless. You couldn't me. I like sneaking around and, and saving the day. But like, you know, I don't want To kill anyone. There's a couple of cops in going, no, we like hurting people. You just haven't given it a go.


So you only have experienced bartending pretty much As Yeah. As, as an adult, if you can call it that. Yeah, pretty Much. Yeah. How many years have you bartended? Four. Okay. So yeah. Have you thought about looking for bartending jobs in the city of Austin? A place which per capita has more bars than any other city in the world? I have. I actually, I did, I did get a call back today. So You did get a call back. Very good. Fingers are crossed for the job that you actually can do. JIMMY CARR. I'm just thinking about Scooby. Do I know, it's crazy. We're all thinking we're scum. Yeah. Do you live in a van? I thought about it, but no, I didn't try living near the Charles River for a month just to see what all the hype was about.


I wouldn't recommend it. I got, I got like five minutes of good material from it. But, you know, That's a crazy river in Boston. Oh Yes. Okay. It's like a Boston bean. I don't know about it. Okay. So Adams sincere. Tell us, how do you end up like this? You have a wacky family childhood or something. There's a lot of possibilities. How old are you again? For some reason you look young and like you fought in Vietnam. There's, There's definitely something, something mixed up spiritually. But I'm 31. I'm, I know. I know, I know.


Heck Yeah. And you were born on the 4th of July. That's right. It is incredible. I can't get enough of this guy. I really like him. Yeah. It's amazing. What else have you done comedically? Like what type of accomplishments do you have? I've been writing in notebooks since I was 16, but I've always been too shy and, you know, if anyone else wants to go first, you know, I'm happy to get in the back of the line. And that's, it's, I wouldn't recommend it. You gotta speak up for yourself. We gotta get you out there. We gotta get you out there. Your face is just funny. Yeah, true. Everything. I love it.


Thank you. It is true. I'm trying to figure out what do you do for fun? What are your hobbies and whatnot? I, I've kind of sequestered myself. I, I like to get high and play music. I'm trying to actually be more productive. So I'm, I'm kind of sober. Even California sober right now. That means I haven't done any drugs in a week. And it's been a very long week. That means pot. You're talking about pot. Pot. You know, mushrooms are great. A social drink is fine, but I, I've never dabbled really with anything. Are you Gary Oldman playing a character right now.


He's, well, literally the best actor in the world. And I'm starting to see it. And today you're so good. You're playing a 31-year-old wacky comedian. It's looking for a job in Austin. That's why you keep accidentally saying callback for all these things. You're one of the greatest actors in the world, aren't you? You might be onto to something. My friend Old, have you gotten that before? Have people told you you look like Gary Oldman? No, I've gotten Jonathan Taylor Thomas with blended with Cam from Ferris Bueller's Day off, and a little bit of one of the Baldwin brothers thrown in there. Yeah, I could see all that. You have a look. Have you always had bangs?


Good question. Red band. That's, it's Brian Redban. I'm pretty sure he's, Next line is, can I finger you? Yeah, I mean, I am jobless, you know. No, I, I gave myself a mullet during the pandemic. The barbershop shut down and then like every three months I get wine drunk and I just wake up Dutch and I Look at that. Oh Yeah, You wake up Dutch. Well, you know, it's, yeah. What Does does that mean? It's like a perfect bowl cut in the front, and then it has to grow in and look natural. You're such a fucking character. This is so interesting. Just Thank you. God damn.


You need to get 'em a good bartending job somewhere. It's a shame. We don't know anybody that owns a comedy club around here. All right. That must be staffed at the time. How much longer do you have until you run out of money and have to go back to the Charles River with your, with your, you probably do have a tail between your legs. Actually, he does have a look. Like, he might have like a, a weird little tail that like waggles and we can't see it 'cause it's underneath his pants. Anybody else get that? Okay. It's the first time I've said that in 12 years. Do You have a tail? I, I don't, I've never tried adding one either.


Prove it. Whoa. All right. That's enough. That's enough. That's whiskey bug. Sorry. Yeah. You're giving us all whiskey hole right now, But no, I get hit by a car. So I have a nest egg at, at the moment. Okay, wait, tell us about this car accident. Were you walking or driving? Bicycling. Wow. Okay. Do you have a basket on the front of your bike? I can picture a basket. You do? It was on the back, but I did have a basket. He had a basket on the bike. Let the record show I saw a basket and god damn it, he had a basket. And you got ba You got hit at speed Or when I was moving or?


Yeah. What were you Oh yes, I, yeah, playing this picture. I was bicycling home and the sun was just sitting. Where Were you going home from The bar At? So it was late in the middle of the night. Well, it was still bright enough. That's important because the person said that they were blinded by headlights, but it was still daylight, so I'm not buying it. Correct. Did they, did they play the bass guitar? Actually, the only reason I got litigious is they left the car running. They left the windows up. They never got out. Instead of a, a mechanic across the street ran over and he, he made the call, but this person just left their car running over me. So I said, I now I have to sue you.


Like an apology. That's totally fine. It would've led bygones. So if someone runs you over but they apologize, you are okay with it. Good. But if they just drive off, you go, well, that seems a bit much. So let us maybe The nicest man in the world, The world is wondering right now. So they hit you. They left the car running. They, Well, that's gonna be triggering. So they hit you and then they get out of the car and run on foot? No, no, no. They stayed in the car. It was running and they just left the windows up. Like they just, I think they were scared. I, I have to assume, right?


Yeah. What type of person was it? What did they look like? I am the mechanic. Said Ma'am, don't leave. Sir. Don't move. And so that You, that was you, you Were, you've got a strange haircut. I Was, yeah, that's True. I've got a very masculine pratt fall though, so they could, right. Probably tell. Okay. Okay. Final question here. What amount of money did you get from this lawsuit? Oh, It, it was in the end it was about $12,000. For $12,000. Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. He said 12 for a second. We all had a number in our head. Yeah. And then the hard thousand. So he has weeks to survive here.


12. 12,000. 12,000. Jimmy, I Might start running people over And then just sit there staring. Straightforward with the windows up. Here's your money. Amazing. Sorry. Well, Adam, sincere, very fun times. Keep signing up for this show. You're very lucky. It's only been a week and a half. This is your first time signing up today. No, last June I visited and I, I gave it a shot then. Too Shot. Look at you. You're very lucky. Except for when it comes to riding a bicycle. Here's a big joke book my friend.


Congratulations Adam. Sincere has arrived to the KILL TONY Universe. What a fucking episode tonight. And there's only one way to end an episode like this. KILL TONY. Brought to you by Blue Nile nicked and Bluetooth reminder. JIMMY CARR is on a global tour. JIMMY CARR dot com. He is going to Australia, New Zealand and Europe. And all over America. JIMMY CARR dot com. Ladies and gentlemen, now is the time that you have all been waiting for. I present to you the Hall of Famer with the most appearances ever in the history of the show. The most interviews ever, the most everything ever.


Ladies and gentlemen. Some people call him the great king of kebabs. He's known for going to food trucks. Some people call him the Prince of Pizza. The Memphis Strangler, the vanilla gorilla. This is the big red machine. William Montgomery Biden's got terminal prostate cancer.


Apparently he caught it at one of p Andy's freak coughs. They might be giants, they might be annoying. Okay, that's a band. Okay, let's keep moving. Want to know if someone went to e went to either public or private school, estimate if their high school graduation was loud? Barack Obama's daughter, Malia has been accused of plagiarism. Apparently she developed a commercial for Nike that was shockingly similar to another black person's work. The commercial began. I have a dream.


That doesn't sound familiar to me. I thought Okay. That's my time, Tony. Thank you. The legend. The one, the only, the young King. William Montgomery. JIMMY CARR. I mean Louis. CKFC. No doubt. That's what I'm going for sir. It's Fantastic. Yeah, it's great to see you. Well thank you so much. It's wonderful to see you as well. Jimmy, This guy, he's fully formed, isn't he? He really is. He just is. It's a look that wouldn't I, no other industry would accept this, Right? I was not doing well at my storage unit job.


I was working at a storage unit place before this and I used to get into it with my manager Christina Gonzales. And I swear to God, I think she didn't like me 'cause I had red hair. She was a Hispanic girl and I love Hispanic people. But she was Hispanic and I think she had something against redheaded people. Well, fuck that bitch. Yeah, she was horrible. She was a fat, nasty fucking, I don't just nasty, horrible person. But, Well she works at a storage unit facility and you're now one of the most famous comedians in the world. How exciting is that? Can I can out, were you living and working at the storage facility? No, I was not. I was living in a place with six other people in, where was it?


Echo Park in LA when we moved Jimmy, when I moved the spot on my mattress, it was all black. It looked like somebody had died on my mattress. 'cause at the time I was drinking and doing a bunch of cocaine and I would just pass out on my mattress at night without any covers or anything. So it looked like a big black spot. It's nice. It's nice 'cause cocaine used to be a very glamorous drug and I really feel you are making it feel more accessible. Yeah. Which is good. That's what I'm going for. It almost destroyed my life. But I miss it. I miss it. I miss being able to do it. How often do you think about it? We never really talk about that.


Think About doing cocaine. Yeah. I've got, I was somewhere this week at Tony and I got somebody a beer and I got mad at them 'cause I was like, okay, get the fucking beer outta my hands. I poured the beer for somebody and I was like, okay, get it outta my hands. 'cause I really wanted to drink this week at Tony. I've been feeling kind of crazy recently. So I really wanted to drink but I didn't drink. 'cause I think I'm at four years of not drinking like this week. So that's been, I was about To kill myself Jimmy. So I had to stop drinking. Don't fucking do it. Don't do it. This is, this is the new dopamine. Yeah. This is the shit. This is the genuine joy. Right. Drugs and alcohol are a proxy for the joy you get from life, right?


Yes. The real joy. This is the real fucking shit man. And you great at it. You're fucking great at it. And the joy you bring to others is unmatched William. It is incredible. Every single week. Well, so what was it like fighting in the Civil War? It was crazy. I was against a bunch of fucking Yankees. It was a nightmare. Fucking Gettysburg was a real crazy place. It was a Gettysburg. I would, If you told me you had wooden teeth, I would believe you. You just feel like you're from another era. I love it. It is such a look. William, what have you been up to this week? Where did you go? Had to go to LA for a memorial for somebody.


So it was very sad. So I was real kind of down this week and then it was, I was able to go to the fair. I went to the LA County Fair. So that was fun. I walked around the fair for 10 hours on Thursday. Wow. What did you do? At, what did, what did you, what did you do at the fair? I ate two foot long corn dogs. I ate, what else did I eat? I ate a bunch of ice cream, ate some sauce. Serve, ate. Tell us what else you ate, William. Fuck. I ate corn on the cob. Corn in a bowl. Are you gonna get a little louder on the fucking horns? You pieces of shit? I mean it's like Jimmy's in the fucking building tonight.


Come on. Y'all know I was eating some motherfucking corn. Yeah. Y'all know I was eating some hot dogs. Yeah. Y'all know I was eating the Corn Dogs. Y'all know I was eating, y'all know I was eating. He didn't give it. He all did. I was drinking some Coca-Cola and it's some bananas. Tony, I need to get some fruit in there. You, You mixed in some fruit. What's, How much Cocaine did you do and what's the half life of cocaine? It feels like you may be residual still very high.


Every once in a while he snaps back into having cocaine, energies. What else did you, did you snack on anything else at the fair? Yeah, I mean I had a fucking What are the big, what's the big bone with the Turkey leg? You had a Turkey leg. I had a Turkey leg. Oh wow. I had a donut cheese burger. A Donut. That's pretty good. Jimmy. That's a donut. Cut an A and cheeseburger in the middle. Yes. I dunno what you're working on. Type three diabetes. Well, it's not good.


I had my blood tested last week and my A1C is not good. I'm pre-diabetic right now. What? What's your blood type? Gravy? What's my blood type? What? Gravy. Gravy? Yeah. The light. What's the what? My A1C is 5.8 right now, which apparently is pre-diabetic. Wow. There's, I listen. I believe in you. You can get there. Thank you. I know. Thank you. But yeah, I'm pre-diabetic. So what have you been eating since you got these blood test results? Give us some of the snacks that you've been eating since you found out you were prediabetic. You wanna ate for dinner tonight? Yeah. Peanut butter and jelly.


Wow. Are you ever gonna stop eating crazy? I Don't think I'm ever gonna stop eating people. Don't. William Montgomery, Ladies and gentlemen, has done it again, the reigning, defending Record Holder on every level of the show, and he's done it again. The drawing from Ryan J Belt is in of tonight's guest, Jimmy Carr. It is incredible. How about one more time for JIMMY CARR, Ladies and gentlemen, JIMMY CARR dot com. Thank you Red band. Thank You, Tony. One of the best guests in the history of the show. We love you, Jimmy Unfucking. Believable.


Let's see what Chris Rogers drew up over there tonight. Oh, I'm guessing that's Casey, maybe. Casey Rocket. Ari Matti. Okay. Ari Matti. All right, Maddy. All right. Sometimes they need a little touch up after the show. You know what I mean? They get dialed in. How about one more time for Chris Rogers. Amazing local artist. We love him. Chris Rogers, art on Social Media. How about one more time for the best damn band in the Land That KILL TONY Band, Matt Mulling, John B's. Nick Lewis on the base, Michael Gonzalez, Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo, and Raul Vallejo Red Band. Check out the Secret Show every Thursday at the sunset Strip atx.com.


Love you guys. I'm doing standup comedy at Madison Square Garden Night. One in in August. August 16th of the 17th. Madison Square Go. Yeah, and then we're doing KILL TONY the next night. So it's a big two night fiasco at Madison Square Garden. And you're coming to London, right? You're coming To London and we're gonna be in London in in a month. June 7th. June 7th, yeah. June 7th In London. KILL TONY. Get ticket. Let's go. We love you. God bless this audience. Thank you so much. We love you. Good night, everybody. Thank you.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now away. Check out Red Band Secret Show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


All right, let's talk about how Amazon Prime makes everything better. You know the moment you are binge watching different things and you realize that Prime has more to offer than expected. Amazon Prime isn't just fast delivery, though. Let's be honest. Getting snacks are a last minute prop. Delivered the same day is a lifesaver. It's also Amazon music to vibe to, and all the things that make life more interesting. Red Band, whether Streaming a standup special building, the perfect playlist for the next show, or getting new gear delivered fast Prime helps make it all happen and maybe even delivers a few laughs along the way. So whether comedy, drama, or just the perfect new joke book is the vibe, remember, prime is there for it. I do it all on Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. amazon.com/prime.