
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY could be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv, apple, Spotify, and anywhere you get podcasts. Check out Tony Hinchcliffe dot com for everything, the Golden Pony, Tony HINCHCLIFFE. You can also check out Shop Squad TV for DEATHSQUAD, merch hats, mugs, whatever, shop Squad tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.


Hey, this is Reverend. Come to live from the Comedy Mothership here in Austin, Texas. Our brand new episode, die. Get Up our It's Who's ready for the best fucking night Of their lives? Huh? Yay. Fuck yeah. God Damnit. That felt good. How about a hand for red band? Everybody Hoola. And how about one more time for the best damn band in the land?


That is Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa, Fernando Castillo, and Big Mike Michael Gonzalez on the drums. I gotta say, he is bigger than ever. He looks fucking huge today. That is Shane Greenberg on the guitar, everybody. Am I saying that right? Shane? Sean. Sean. All right. S-H-A-A-N. On my fucking sheet. I had a 50 50 shot at it. You could either, could be Sean or Shane. This is what happens. That's the camera man. Yoni over there giving me fucking S-H-A-A-N.


Take a good fucking guess. Flip a coin. Never seen Sean spelled that way. But you gotta take a chance every, what's Shane Greenberg? One more time? He's a Jew. I do believe Greenberg. And this is Jay Styles joining us on The Keys. Everybody, Jon Deas and Matt Mulling are out touring arenas with some big musician or some shit. I don't know what they're doing, but I like these guys. I like Jay Styles and Sean Greenberg. And believe it or not, this is D Madness here on the bass guitar, everybody. Very exciting stuff. I am excited about this episode.


It's gonna be a doozy. Before we get started, here's a little bit more from the Amazing Sponsors that made it all possible.


Alright, let's talk about how Amazon Prime makes everything better. You know the moment you are binge watching different things and you realize that Prime has more to offer than expected. Amazon Prime isn't just fast delivery, though. Let's be honest. Getting snacks are a last minute prop. Delivered the same day is a life saver. It's also Amazon Music divide to, and all the things that make life more interesting. Red Band. Whether streaming a standup special building the perfect playlist for the next show, or getting new gear delivered fast Prime helps make it all happen and maybe even delivers a few laughs along the way. So, whether comedy, drama, or just the perfect new joke book is the vibe. Remember, prime is there for it. I do it all on Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. amazon.com/prime.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. Knowing you could be saving money for the things you really want is a great feeling. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can choose to bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Hey, Lonzo Ball, it's your agent. What's up? I've got a commercial opportunity for you from Buzz Balls. Ready to go. Cocktails. Nice. My last name is Ball. The product is a cocktail in a ball. I get it. That's what I thought too. But no, they want you for your hands. They think your big hands will show off the size of their new Blue Biggies ball. Big blue balls really Get blue balls this season with Buzz Balls. Please. Your responsibility. Buzz Balls available in Spirit, wind and Malt. 15% Alco by volume. Bus Balls. LLC, Carrollton, Texas.


Are you guys ready to start tonight's fucking show? Huh? You know, every single week. I know. I always hype up every single week because I book it so that it's entertaining for me. Well, this is one of those weeks where without a doubt, it's entertaining for me and for the people. Because Ladies and gentlemen, tonight is a one guest night. And that one guest happens to be the reigning, defending, undisputed, disputed guest of the year of 2024. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the long awaited return of HARLAND WILLIAMS.


Make Some Fucking Noise for HARLAND WILLIAMS people. Come on in Film. HARLAND WILLIAMS of the Harland Highway. So many great things. One of the best comedians in the world. One of my favorite comedic actors. Thanks. Dumb and Dumber. Thank You. Thank You, brother. There's something about Mary, employee of the Month. Thank you. There's something wrong with your neck, by the way. I get a little excited. I get a little, should be in a new movie, the Tourette's movie. What the hell is How we feeling tonight?


Good, Buddy. I brought, I brought a little thing in Maji if I could. What Happened? Well, nothing happened to me gang. A comedy gang. But you know, in all these award shows, they have like a silver buzzer, a a golden buzzer. And every now and then we get comics. You know, everyone tries real, real hard. Like, and every now and then we get one that needs a little help, a little extra help. So tonight I'll be giving away the silver crutch. Ooh Wee. I love it. This is very exciting. Some lucky comedian. In fact, the worst com, I mean the luckiest comedian. Yeah. The one that needs it the most. Got a Little, little extra kick with the silver Crutch.


The silver crutch. We've found the sound effect of the silver crutch. Oh God. It's that red band has selected, he never knows what sound's gonna play on his soundboard. I was thinking it'd be more like someone tripping downstairs. Okay. Okay. Let's do something like that. Not at the Adams Family House. Okay. All right. Barney Rubble tripping downstairs. Thank you. Yeah, How about that? I don't use a vibrator, but thank you Harland, the reigning defending guest of the year here to perhaps be the first ever two time guest of the year.


Oh, Come on now. Anything can happen. Come on Now. Sally Struthers, Anything can happen. Anything can happen. Don't Stru me up, Sal. That's what I do. Everyone knows that I am the Sally Struthers of this show. And so you know how it works. Harland? Yeah. Over 200 people signed up for this show. They are all in the bar next door. 200, Over 200. Oh, dude, we're gonna let this, this dying eat little boy here. He's very sick with something. I'm not sure what it is. He takes the name, he hands it off. It is legible. And you know how it works.


When it's their time, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted. You know, their time is up and you the son of a kitten. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood bear, which interrupts them. And then I conduct an interview, and me and Harlan find out what the fuck is, what stars are made. And idiots are found here out of this magical bucket for this is the number one live podcast in the world. And you are the returning guest of the year. Let's start it off with a bang. Your first set tonight is going to an old friend of the show. A very, very controversial character.


Some people love him. Some people don't love him at all. Ladies and gentlemen, we've been watching him grow over the past couple years. This is a brand new minute from the one and only Uncle Lazer. Some people got face for radio. I got more of a face for cuck, holding the bar the other night. Older gentleman comes to me, he goes, man, we love you on that. KILL TONY Show. We love you a lot. He said, me and my wife are here renewing our vows for 30 years. We met in this bar. He goes, man, it's on my bucket list.


If you'll have sex with my wife while I watch. I said, man, you didn't wanna go skydiving. You want me to fuck your wife? He said, man, I'd be willing to give you a thousand shekels for your time. I said, well take, let's take a look at her at least. So he, that's never good. You know, his fucking vending machine comes up outta the bathroom from a distance. Her skin was leathery up close. Her skin was leathery. She looked like an old fucking Buick seat. I said, Hey man, I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to pass.


He said, man, I fucking need this. I said, I fucking don't, you know. He said, I'll give you 4,000 fucking dollars. And I said, you know what, dude? Buick's not that bad of a car. My name's Uncle Lazer. Thank you. All right. Uncle Lazer, have you told that story before on the show? I've done that punchline on the back end, but never the story of it. Okay. Yeah. All right. Harland, Can you do that? Can you like, do a joke and then just plug in the same punchline from another Gag? I don't really know. We kind of make the rules as we go along here. Laser's a special guide. I wanna ask you, bro. Are you, are you taking a night class in Ka Lingus?


'cause your tongue was going like all over the place. What? What? You Were like licking the air. My guy. You are very lizardy. Is that a side effect? Are you on something or Do you need a snow cone or something? Like, what's Had too many of those? I, What's going on? I noticed it took, I, I, I measured it. Seven seconds before you said anything. You really made a point to make sure the mic stand was where you needed look. Looking at everybody. What's that? What is he doing? He's trying to, He is Cinco de Mayo. Your tongue goes a little wild on Cinco de Mayo. I've Been, dad had been snorting em since I got up this morning. Wow. Look at that red band celebrating Cinco de Mayo.


He loves mayonnaise. Son of a bitch so much. He loves Mayo, pickles and pickles. He thinks celebrating Liquor Deraco. What the I love it. Laser. So what's been going on, dude? Just hanging out, Trying out, did that really happen? Did you fuck a woman in front of the husband? And, and honestly, it may, it reminded me when I first lost my virginity, it was a cuck holding situation as well. Do you need another guy in the room to get hard? I needed, he was black. Oh, It was a black guy in a Mexican chick. I stole my mama's Jeep Grand Cherokee.


And we went to the lock of Colonia, which means El Colony in Spanish. And we snuck into her window and he let me go first. 'cause he was a gentleman, but I was 12, so I didn't really know what I was doing, you know? And he, and then I feel a tap on my shoulder. This big beautiful black man with his hard dick. It is a stereotype. Their dicks are huge. And it fucking Wait. What is going on, Dude? Holy shit. Are You talking, I love it when a comedy routine transitions so seamlessly into a court case. Yeah. You know what I mean? Exactly. You were 12 and there's a giant hard black dick in front of you all of a sudden. Well, he, he, You need to put yourself behind bars, bro. Yeah. I was just happy to be there. You know, it was like, he tapped me on the shoulder.


He goes, let me show you how it's done. And then he picked this Mexican woman up and he like, put her up against the wall of the trailer house. Well, they wound up falling through the wall into his, the, to her thea's room. And she starts freaking out. I go, man, they're calling the cops. You know? And so we, we drove back home and my mom's jeep I wrecked halfway there. And then cops got him later. All Right. This is enough. This is Jesus fucking Christ. This is The longest sex story ever. I mean, if you're gonna make shit up, at least pepper it up with some punchlines. Laser. This is criminal. I'm just talking about my life. I All right. Yeah. Okay. Well, what are you on tonight? I'm not on anything. I mean, we had a little Mexican food and stuff, and I drank a couple margaritas, but that's about it.


Oh, yeah. Okay. Adderall, you know. All right. All That stuff. Oh, there it is. It's out. There's the, I'm not gonna lie to you. There's been a lot of Adderall today. There's the ease. It's Monday. You know, who hates Mondays? You Know? Gotta celebrate, Dude, I would love it. I would pay $3,000 if a dragonfly flew right by you right now. Yeah. Yeah. You'd eat it. You'd eat it. Oh, I love you, dude. Uncle Lazer. We're gonna get you out here. We're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna get to the bucket way to get it started. Uncle Lazer might, uncle Laser might be, He might need two of these. He might need A fucking, oh.


Oh, here we go. My God. There she is. Oh, we go, Ladies and gentlemen, thank you's indeed. The lovely Heidi, everybody. Wow. Thank you. He got It. Unbelievable. Wow. There's a desperate horny man in the middle of the room. He yelling things at Heidi. Okay. To the bucket. We go, this is where we meet people. Chaos happens, and we find out more about them. Make some noise. 60 seconds uninterrupted. Going to your first bucket. Pool goes by the name of Zeth Burton. Everyone. Zeth Burton. All right. How we doing everybody? Yeah. You know, it's, I'm pretty tall. I come up here. I'm six five, you know, 200 pounds.


You see any ladies out there. But anyways, so I hit about 6, 5, 200 pounds. I was 12 years old. And, you know, no one really tells you, but like, that's, you deal with a lot of stuff. Like, I was like, my name's like saggy. 'cause I saggy nipples, you know, like, okay, you can laugh. It's fine. Anything. Also, it's like they call me Shrek, my football team, you know? And like, no one tells you, but like, as soon as you, as soon as I hit 12 years old, you know, no one mo wanted to molest me anymore, man. This is over, you know, God. All right. This is a con. Oh God. But, oh man. You know, but I'm from Texas. Get up for Texas, everybody. Yeah. Yeah.


All right. This, let's chill out. Okay. But yeah, like, growing up in Texas, high school's a lot different out here. Like, we didn't bring anything but a car to school day. So they're showing up in horses and tractors and, you know, in career days, they're showing up in white hoods and crosses, you know? It's pretty crazy. I love it, man. Oh, I mean, no, I, oh, shoot. Okay. Think that's it. Do you wanna finish? Did, was there something big that you're getting to there? I Mean, no Harlan's saying no go. No, go ahead. Finish it. Oh, I was say like, you know, when I was 15, we had like, gun safety classes. 'cause they wanted to get to those school shooters early, you know? But I wish it had gotten me though. I mean, Wow.


All right. Zeth Burton, let's talk it out here for a second. You know what I find amazing? I, I think he might be the main plot from Uncle Laser's last story. Yeah. Strangely enough. We have heard of two 12, 100% of the comedians tonight have talked about their sex life at the age of 12. Yeah. And in particular, getting molested, which is like, where did the molestation happen? My Guy? I mean, you know, like dogs and stuff, you know, like A dog molested you. Yeah, man, I, I, I stole, I stole a shoe from a dog. It mounted me, man. And it just like, just totally like, kept it tight. So it penetrated me, man. Well, that You're right, man. You shouldn't be stealing a dog's shoes.


I mean, hey, like, I saw, like, there was another girl, like, who, she was like, oh, I was gonna say her shoe, you know, like, we were 12 years old. I was like, oh, this is it. And she, I could, you know, there's no riz to get, like, if she watches Me, Jesus. Seth, shut the fuck up. Holy shit. Alright, let's talk about it. Put the crutch down for a second. Oh my God. Yeah. This guy. Whole fucking wheelchair. Forget about that crutch, Lord, Man. Okay. So Seth, how long have you been doing standup? Let's see, close to two years now. Two years. Where at? Mostly now in Los Angeles. But I started here in Dallas. You started here in Dallas, and now you live in Los Angeles.


Yeah. You know what brought you here? Well, it's my mom's birthday this week. So I came for that. And I was like, you know what, let's drive three hours to, you know, let's do this. Right, right. Okay. Yeah. Is this your first time signing up for the show? It Is. Or it's not? It's my third time. Okay. Yeah. This is your first time on the show? Yeah. Okay. Are you in any relation to Jack Nicholson? I wish. Yeah. You have a crazy fucking face. Crazy. Yeah. There it is. Wow. There it is. Look at that. Wow. I nailed it. The Zoom down face, man. So andSo look like Quentin Tarantino. But now, thank you. Thank, thank you. Thank. Oh my God. Okay, now wanna kill My So Zeth, how old are you? I'm 25. 25. And what do you do for work? Oh, I'm, I work at, I give tours at a movie studio.


Okay. Yeah. And how long have you been doing that? For About two years. I got the job immediately as I moved out there. Yeah. Okay. Can you imagine this guy being your tour guide at the end? Heck, you better give me a fucking tip or I'm gonna follow you fucking home, Wendy. Oh, yeah. Oh, working. No, play makes Jack Go, boy. Yeah. Okay. Don't make me fall in love with you guy. Can you do me a favor and lick the air for a Second? I can. There we go. Yeah. Got you. He's definitely part of laser story. This Is it. We found uncle's and nephew. Yeah.


So, Zeth, you're out there, you're given tours, you're in LA and you came here to celebrate your mom's birthday. Did, yeah. Was it, did it already happen? It Did already happen, yeah. What Did you guys do to celebrate mom's birthday? Well, she bought me some boots and, and she also took me to a Rangers game. Yeah. You went and to a Rangers game. Yeah. Yeah. They suck. But I also, I mean, I paid 200 bucks to get over here, so that was kind of like the, the big gift for her. 'cause I, 200 Bucks is a re You got your round trip flight for 200 bucks. Yeah. Where did you book? Who did what airline is this? American. American. Oh yeah. 200 round trip from LA to Austin. Yeah. Incredible. Look at That. Oh yeah. It's probably the worst flight I've ever experienced.


Why? Oh, no. Well, you see, like, whenever there's turbulence, sometimes people don't really understand what that means. What does it mean to you, Zeth? Well, 'cause whenever I on a flight, I'm just picture I'm going to die when I'm on the flight. Just in my head. I, I kind of like view, like the, if the plane's gonna crash, I don't know it's gonna crash. So I just assume that's gonna happen. Right. So anything that happens, I'm just ready, I'm ready to die. Like, you know, I don't, I I don't have, Keep going. Yeah. I Have, I have a lot of regrets. But who, I mean, just you, when you die, you die. You don't really, you're not gonna, nobody one's gonna tell you when it's gonna happen, so you're just gonna, it's gonna happen when it's happened. So, So have you ever died? I mean, there was one time I thought I was gonna die. But You haven't died. No, I haven't died yet. Yet. Okay. But shut the fuck off. All right. Yeah, Exactly.


All these fears for absolutely nothing. Like, tell us something you know about guy. Yeah. Have you really come close to dying at any point? Turbulence has zero, a zero negative effects on a flight. It's a natural thing. And doesn't, yeah, it doesn't mean fucking anything. It doesn't know that your risk of dying is the exact same as when the flight is completely smooth. I know this because as some of you know, I'm a professional pilot. Yeah. I'm also a Canadian doctor. Very good. Perfect timing on that side. It's actually a good thing, right? Yeah. Like when you, when you feel the plane go up like that, that means that you've got lift, there's thrust under the wings. That's the first love of aerodynamics. Dairy Queen lick hair. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.


It is true. It is absolutely true. What are you into, you can't possibly wanna be a tour guide for your entire life. So what, what what, what are your main goals here? Well, My main goal is to be comedian, believe it or not. But, you know, I've, I used to be really fat, like I said, so I also want to own my own gym someday do that. And outside of that, I'm really, I ain't got no ambitions outside That you, you have a chance. I think I have chance at owning your own gym someday. I would, I would pull all efforts into that. How fat were you? My guy? Like how Fat? Fat. I was like 300 pounds. 300? Yeah. Three Hyundai. Wow. Oh yeah. What was the fattest part? The rs, the legs, the chest. Did you have a gut, like, talk to me, describe it.


This whole Not for me. For that guy there. Yeah. Probably like the whole belt right here. Like, yeah. Those stretch marks over my stomach. I still got, I still got like the stretchy skin right here. I got, my whole arms are Stretchy. Can we see it? I love, I love stretchy Skin. Skin. Yeah. Let's see that fucking, oh shit. I do see. Oh, oh my god. Fucking absolutely. Can we see the belly meat? I love stretchy belly. Lets Come on. It's Not, it's not as stretchy Man's. That's not, It's not. Yeah. That's why I show my arms. Wow. That wasn't bad at all. No, that was probably what you felt on the airplane. Your own stomach slapping you in the face. Yeah. Yeah. It was bulence.


That's what you did you just Come up with, invent a new word. Yeah. Bulence. Bulence. Can you use it in a sentence? The fat man on my plane was affected by massive amounts of Bulence. That is correct. That is correct. So Zeth? Yes. Have you ever met anybody else named Zeth with his ZI have. You Have? Yeah. My high school. My, I went to high school with somebody named Zeth. Yes. And his brother's names were Zach and Zane. My brother's name was Zach and Zane. Yeah. Wow. Wow. A bunch of children of the corn over here. Har very scary names. Children Of the popcorn, apparently. Yeah. How scared of you on a, on a scale of one to 10, were you scared of that, that turbulence on the plane?


Be honest, don't be afraid to look like a, you know, a scaredy guy. Like, on a scale of one to 10, I Mean, yeah, don't be afraid to look like a big, tall pussy. Yeah. I mean, every time it fly, just about. I felt like I was gonna shit my pants on that plane. So, a 10? Yeah. I'd probably say a 10. Yeah. Can I do something for you? What's That? Does that turn you on? Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm rigged up right now, man. Wow. What are you into Zeth? Do you have a girlfriend? You're six five, according to you. I don't, Hey, according to my doctors too.


Okay. Really? Yeah. Yoni. Let's get a tape measure out here. I'm, I'm seeing six four all days. Anybody else thinking six four? This sounds like a six four guy that's trying to add another inch. Yeah, Well, I'm Six two. This guy's saying six three and a half right here. I'm hearing it. We have anybody? How many make some noise if you think he's six five. Literally nobody. Seth, pop off one of your shoes. Pop up one of my shoes. Oh, we Go. We're doing it. Shoeless buddy. Stand on that left foot. There you go. Here we go. Uhoh, face the audience. Yep. I love how Yoni always makes him turn around it that way. Alright.


You're bending it a little bit Yoni, just to let you know. Okay. That's perfect right there. Yep. Yoni is a Jew, so he knows measurements very well. Six Four. Six four. Shake it from me. I'm five 10. Dude, you really know your guys. That's right. That's right. No doubt about it. I know my guys. That's why I know you're six two.


Zeth. Tell us the craziest thing about your life before I get you outta here. Well, Recently I was in Burbank and you know how I like that intense. It's pretty intense over there, I guess, but not really, but it's pretty What over there? Intense In what way? You live in a tent? Yeah, I do actually. Yeah. In what way? Is it intense? Well, Generally it's not, but like, I went over there once, I was over there at like 11:00 PM at night and ooh. Oh yeah. You sure it wasn't 10 30? Hey, I mean, I got Sir, if you could sit the fuck down. Oh, that's a waitress. Go ahead And this guy.


Go Ahead. Night stalker. Finish. I mean, this, this guy pulled up in his car and he asked me to come over to it. Like, he said, Hey, come over to my car. So I, you know, I came over to his car. Wow. And he, he showed me this, like this. He showed me on his phone this, like, he said, my girlfriend's been kidnapped and he's scrolling through like this sex crafting website she was on. And then he showed me like a pit bull in his passenger seat. He's telling me like his family's been like replaced with, with clones and that his, like, his landlord's replaced. He said the Armenian and Russian mafia are after him. His hang was bleeding. I was just, and the whole time I'm just trying not to like, like laugh. 'cause I feel like if he, if I did he was gonna like gonna kill me. But yeah, it was probably like the because He was what, seven foot three?


Yeah, he was, or was seven foot four actually. But yeah, You know, he is one of Uncle Laser's writers, right? Like this is just a continuation of the the last story. What the fuck is Uncle Laser's? Dude, Seth, I'm gonna tell you what, I was gonna give you a medium-sized joke book, but since you lied about your height by an inch, we're gonna go one inch smaller and I'm gonna give you a little joke book. Thank you. Your first bucket pool of the night is Zeth Burton. Everybody. Thank you guys. Fun stuff, Seth. There he goes. Sign up against some other time. Maybe perhaps your mother's an next birthday. You can come back and sign up.


This podcast is sponsored by Express VPN. Going online without express VPN is like having sex without a condom. Might feel good, might feel fine, but the repercussions could be huge. Do you really want to raw dog the whole internet? I don't think so. Every time you connect to an unencrypted network in cafes, hotels, or airports, or your online data is not secure. Any hacker on the same network can gain access and steal your personal data. It doesn't take much technical knowledge to hack someone. Just some cheap hardware is needed. A smart 12-year-old could do it. Speaking of which, a red Band I love. Condoms and express. VPN Tony Express VPN is so secure it would take a hacker with a supercomputer over a billion years to get past Express VPN subscription. Just fire up the app, click one button to get protected. Mm. I personally love using Express VPN when we're on the road. It's important to know our data is safe in all the different cities we travel to. So secure your online data today by visiting express vpn.com/koni. That's E-X-P-R-E ssv vpn.com/kone. To find out how you can Get up to four extra months for free express vpn.com/ KILL. TONY.


Hello. This podcast is sponsored by PrizePicks Cash in on the basketball playoffs with PrizePicks. Don't miss your last chance to add your favorite players from the court to your PrizePicks lineups. Whether it's points, rebounds assist, take your pick of more or less for your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash today. PrizePicks also offers weekly promotions that can lead to big payouts like Taco Tuesday, where each Tuesday PrizePicks discount select player projections up to 25% to provide even more value for your lineups. The basketball playoffs are here in the action is heating up on PrizePicks? The best place to cash in on your favorite sports, A red band. Tony, I love PrizePicks almost as much as I love hoops, which is why this week on PrizePicks, I'm looking at the basketball board and selecting Donovan Mitchell for more than 26 points. And Jason Tatum for more than nine rebounds, That is a tasty lineup red band. Download the app today and use code Tony to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Once again, download the app today and use code Tony to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. PrizePicks, run your game.


Alright, we're gonna meet another one. Altogether, Ladies and gentlemen. Could be the next superstar of the show. Who knows? Make some noise for Ian Simon. Here we go. How you guys doing? Everybody good? Fantastic. Fantastic. It's, oh, this is fucking amazing. I gotta take a piss so bad. I just figured I'd share it with you guys. Didn't have time. So I was thinking, do you think Muslims ever, do you think Muslims ever say lost the bomb? Let's think about random shit all the damn time.


I was thinking like the best place to pick up women is probably Planned Parenthood. 'cause you know, they, you know, they, there's a good chance they put out and you know, if things don't go well, just a suggestion. Let's see. You know what fucking sucks. I've been wearing hats my whole life. Okay. Because I didn't want the this cul-de-sac fucking thing. I don't mind the going bald, but why isn't it just all bald? Okay, why the fuck is, it just doesn't make any sense to get the cul-de-sac. And then what is this? Anybody else bald out there? Don't lie to me. There's lights. I can see you, it gleams. Anyway, this thing, this fucking island.


Why is there a fucking island? Oh Wow. I'm gonna stop you right there, Ian. Holy Shit. My God. Hi Anne. How are you? Tony? Hello. Fuck. This is crazy. Yeah. How I Doing? The band? Okay. Hi Anne. Over here buddy. Over here Anne. I had a pair of the, oh boy. Anne. Yo. Hi pal. How are you buddy? Hey, I'm fucking Amazing. Welcome. How long you been doing standup Ian? In total? Probably two years. A year and a half, two years out of Okay. Where at? Here? Here. I, I moved here, let's see, about four or five years ago to do fucking comedy. And it was the first time I did it was was out here When you, when you moved here four or five years ago to start doing it.


What took you two or three years to start? So I did it right away when I came out and I, I did it and kept doing it. And then like things in life happened. What In life happened? My dad fucking died. Okay. Oh, how did he die? Diseases. How many? Yeah. How many diseases? Several. Oh, they were, so they were the ones that the, By the way, y'all almost, almost made it sound like a fun pack, by the way. Oh no. It fucking sucks, dude. I love my dad. We were really close. God, he had a great sense of humor and that he did. Yeah, he did. I don't know, this is bullshit, but like, you know, growing up Abbott, Costello and Oh wow. And that type of stuff.


Yeah. Okay. And what do you fucking Laugh at? At What do you do for work? Ian Simon. What's that sir? Jesus Christ. You know what I thought of when I first looked at him? I, when, you know if I gotta be on, don't take this the wrong way, guy. But when you first walked out, I thought, I've always wondered what it looked like if Shrek was peeled Fucking wow. Yeah, That's And that's a compliment guy. Thank You. Onions. Onions have layers and ERs have layers. That's Right. My Guy and Simon, what do you do for work? That's a good fucking question, Tony. I, so, so I I I've been on, I was on disability for 20 years.


What was the disability? Well, I've had, okay, we'll get personal here. Fuck it. I've had surgery on both feet. Three knee surgeries twice on the left. Left rotator. What happened? Up To 13 fucking hernias. Dude. What happened to your feet and knees? Adrenaline. What happened? Adrenaline junkie. Just through the years of So what were you doing? Oh shit, Ian, our Accident, I like to go fast. I was a passenger and a lot of 'em, mine were mainly with anatomy objects about 13, don't count anything under 50 miles an hour. It's quite impressive. I'm retarded. Is that a U underneath your eye? Is that a piercing of some kind? Yeah, There's like a piece of jewelry there.


It's a dermal. It's a what? A dermal. What does that mean? It means that they go into your face with a little screwdriver that's got a round razor on it. Okay, let me ask you this, Ian Simon, I'm gonna ask you another question. So you talking doesn't have to happen. I noticed during your set there was a part, 'cause I'm, I pay a little bit of attention. I noticed the part where you were performing and you kind of went like I little bit, right? Yeah. Maybe Were you pushing one of your teeth into your gumline? At least 16. What? That that's a different answer to a different, I was across there. What? Do you even know what I just asked you? Yeah. Something about teeth. Yeah. So 16. What? That was just a nu random number.


Okie dokie. And Simon, everybody there he goes. You shouldn't be out in public anymore. Ian, I think we got a winner here. No. Did you win the Silver Crutch? My guy? Take that off. You won the Silver Crutch. Thank you. Absolutely. Yeah, you just handed a person a weapon on this stage. Harlon. There he goes. And This is the guy with all the feet surgery. There He goes. Ian, Simon, everybody. There he goes. There You go buddy. There he goes. There you go. Bye-bye. Ian. There you go buddy. Have a good, you're gonna need it for those feet legs. Okay. Wow. That was perfect. It was a perfect time To, there he goes. Ian, Simon, everybody.


Austin police officer. I just saw when the curtain opened. I'm pretty sure he is just gonna get arrested now Everybody, this is a real life show. Anything can Happen. I feel sorry for that crutch. I gotta tell you. Well, anything can happen here. Believe it or not, that guy's been doing it for two years. Okay? Mix Moisture. Your next comedian Lucas Lucas hinder lighter. Lucas hinder Lighter. This is KILL TONY.


Oh wow. Thank you guys. My name's Lucas. I just moved to Austin recently. I've been dating a little bit since I got out here. Most recently. I was in a relationship with a non-binary person. Yeah. Someone who identifies as they them. And it was cool, you know, we had a good relationship. I will say the hardest part about dating a they them is we would get into arguments and I didn't know if I could hit them. You know, you like, tell me which one you are. Are you a boy or a girl?


You know, can I hit you or can we have a beer and watch the football game? What do we, what are we doing? What? Thank you guys. Little bit about my name's Lucas Hinder Lighter People often when they hear my name they'll say things like, oh, hinder Lighter. That's a pretty German name. That sounds like a Nazi's name. Yeah. And that's when I tell them it was actually my grandpa. All right, I gonna that. That's it. There you go.


You got it. My bad. Welcome to the show. Lucas Hinderer Lighter. I'm happy to say you are the fourth comedian that went on stage today and the first one to do a joke. Congratulations. Hell yeah. It's a shocking episode. If there was a reverse silver crutch to give out, he would get it right now. Well I love that they didn't react to the molestation joke, but they really warmed up to the domestic violence. Yeah. This is a crowd that likes to see someone get what they deserve. Yeah. By the way, Were you shrimping earlier today? What's going on here? You do have a look.


You have a look like you were on a boat with a purpose. Yeah. Were you on a boat today? No. This is how you dress normally for land. No, no. This hat's new. I put this hat on today. I thought this is a good look. Where'd you get the hat from? Gas station? Yep. I had a feeling. Yeah, it it's got gas station energy. Yeah, I thought it was black. Turns out it's green. Okay. Yeah, it looks green. How about the shirt? What are you wearing? What do you, what do, who are you wearing? This is George from Walmart. Wow. Incredible. More Like buy Curious George from Walmart. Yeah. Take a sip for that victorious joke.


Guest of the year. Okay, Lucas. Hi Lidar. So welcome. Is your grandpa really a Nazi? No, he fought in Vietnam. Oh, okay. Perfect. For the Americans. Yeah. Made all the juicy killed. Really confusing. Yeah, That makes sense. I mean, Vietnamese Jews both good at hiding. Both good at math. They have a lot in common. Okie dokie. Lucas, how long you been doing standup? About nine years. Nine years. Where at? Nine. Nine. Nine. There you go. Red band. No years. Yeah. A red band. Where's your sound effect? Red band.


You did it buddy. That's a big one for you. That's a big one for my little boy, isn't it? Where's it at? Where's it at buddy? You know where your sound effects are with a 9 9, 9 German reference? Yeah. I started in St. Louis. St. Louis. How long have you been in Austin? Like a year. Okay. Yeah. What do you love about Austin, Texas? I don't really, man. I don't really like this place. Wow. You miss St. Louis. Well I lived in New York before I moved here. New New York City. Yeah. And you prefer New York City? I like it. Yeah. What do you like about it?


I like the energy man. I don't know. I like, you know, you wake up, there's people walking around makes you wanna get out of bed and You live out in the country here or something. You don't see people walking around? No. I live pretty north though. It's not The same. You ever thought about moving downtown where people are walking around with energy? No. Well you should. 'cause we got that too. Okay. You don't have to step over migrants to do it. I like that Part though. Yeah. That's Like, you like the migrants. That's my favorite part. You would, you're a hinder lighter. Yeah. You believe in superiority? Yeah, I step on them. Wow. How do you say it with like a German accent? Your last name? I don't know dude. I don't fucking, I'm not German.


Red bands German. Yeah. He's hinder lighter. He's hinder heavier. You got you. Where's mine at? Like, you can't, you don't say around like your grandparents don't say like something like that. No. Does that sound familiar guy? No. My grandmother was British, So that's, she said things. Oh, that's Hindu light, Huh? Yeah, she said she said things funny. Yeah, Dude. Do you know what you are at this point? You're like fucking international house of pancakes. Like where? What? What are you? It's gr British German. You're redheaded too.


It's interesting. You look Irish, you're wearing green. You got red hair. I Irish. You're like the little Christmas guy. Yeah. You're like a, the world's biggest elf. I get Irish a lot. Yeah. Yeah. I also get people telling me I'm not redheaded. People tell me I'm blonde. I don't know. Wow. You know your hat's black, right? What do you do for work? Kinder, lighter. I sell motorcycles. I'm a motorcycle salesman. Oh, I sold your producer a motorcycle. Really? Yeah. Yoni. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. I sold him his motorcycle. Yeah, He did. He got a secret motorcycle. Without telling me, I don't like my people close to me on motorcycles. It's very unsafe. I don't trust the other drivers.


So I found out that he got a secret motorcycle one day. That's one of the two things. He, he lives a secret double life when I'm not around. One thing he does is he has a motorcycle. The other thing is he has wacky Martin Scorsese glasses that he wears. Big producer glasses that he only wears when he thinks that he's not gonna run into me that night. Yeah. Isn't that funny? And every once in a while I'll give him an rare night off and we'll just randomly run into each other. And there he is with these big fucking Robert De Niro in his fucking prime glasses. These obnoxious, magnified, just big square. And I'm positive he goes from bar to bar going.


Well, I'm the executive Producer of KILL TONY. Oh, you could tell by my fucking blocked up glasses. I should get on my motorcycle now. I purchased from Hindu Light Talk. Yeah, that's what I want to see. I want to be walking down the sidewalk and see Elton John burning ants. When I, when I sold him that bike, he told me not to tell you. He told me not to bring it up. He was very like, really hilarious. Yeah, he was. Because I told him I was a comic and I sign up and he was like, if you get on, don't bring this up.


What, what kind of bike did you sell him? A Harley and BBMW. He's fancy W he's fucking, yeah. He went big. I care about the people close to me. And while Yoni is a very qualified motorcycle rider driver, I, I don't like him being out there. I don't like Jews on BMWs and I don't like Jews on motorcycles. It's say Austin drivers, man. Yes. What about a Jew on an Indian? Well, You know what I call that? What? Dinner? Yeah. That's called the old two for one. Okay. Free Red chicken.


Put the fucking mic down. Lucas Hinder lighter. What do you do for fun? What are some hobbies of yours? You must have some interesting, Some Collections or something. Something. No, I speak quickly. I mostly just ride motorcycles. That's like my, yeah. You ever hit an animal like you ride? Yeah. What'd you hit? I, I hit a deer like two years ago. You Hit a deer on a motorcycle? Yeah. Oh my goodness. What happened guy? There's The sound of the deer For this. Yeah, I was going like 45. I broke all my ribs on this side. Whoa. Wow. Yeah. I don't care about you. What'd you do to the deer? Yeah, dude, I split that motherfucker in half.


And so my dad had a couple drinks. He rode up next to me. He said, I can't stop. I'm gonna get a DUI. And he kept riding. Right? So now I'm laying next to this. I'm laying next to the deer. We're both dying. What? And we're just watching each other. Take our last breath. Damn. Trying to figure out, welcome to another episode of White Trash Bambi. Yeah. This is incredible Dude. Was it at night? Yeah, you dummy. You would've been able to seen the deer and he would've been able to see you if you're just holding up Alta. I hope I get hit by a moose tonight after that, Joe.


So let me ask you something. Lucas, are you good at what you do? You good at selling motorcycles? Yeah. You know what we're gonna do here? We're gonna have you sell me a motorcycle. Me a guy who thinks that they are generally unsafe. Meanwhile, I'll fly an airplane with double engine failure because I don't have to worry about other people getting in my fucking way. So now you sell me a motorcycle. Lighting and action. How you doing today, sir? I'm good. I really don't wanna be here. I'm just killing time while my boyfriend buys a motorcycle.


So your boyfriend rides? He rides. All right. It's more of an, more of a nighttime rider after a couple drinks and then he lays by his deer. That's me. I'm the gay deer. Okay. So are you, look, you're looking to ride with him? Well, you know, we were thinking about getting me a little side cart, but I kind of think I wanna ride solo a little bit. Go out on some joy rides at night separate from the pack, from the, from the, from the pack of Men. So you're, so you're looking to cruise you, you're not looking to go fast?


Yeah, I'm a Cruiser. Cruiser. Okay. Yeah. All right. What should I get, Harley? For sure. Yeah, that's what all the gay guys get. Oh, okay. Yeah, for sure. Little sports, sir. Yeah. Little sports sir. Little sports. Sir. What kind should I get? You think, Tony, for you realistically? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm talking real Tony HINCHCLIFFE. Yeah. I think you need I'm six five. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You need a, a rebel 500. That's what you need. Look it up. Okay. Why? Okay. He's a clapping number, right?


That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Alright. Why, why a rebel 500? I don't know. It's kind of a, just a bland normal. Like nothing special about it. Bike. Jesus Christ. What The, it's like, you know, it's every girl starter bike. You know what, I'll take two. Yeah. One for me and one for the guest of the year. Harland Williams. Well, If it's a girls' bike, just give me a rebel. Wilson 500. How about that? There you go. Lucas Hinder lighter. Anything else crazy we should know about you before we go?


You can switch back to normal lights. The motorcycle part's over. Thank you. No, happy to be here. You did good. You did damn good. Lucas. Sign up again. Here's the big joke book. We'd love to have you. Very funny interview. Funny stuff. Lucas Hinderer has arrived to the KILL TONY Universe. Not bad. Are you really gonna get a bike, bro? No. No. I used to ride a Honda Shadow around. Really? Yeah. What's that like? Oh, it's like a chopper bike. Oh. The shadow rode around Nagasaki in Hiroshima. Huh? There's shadows everywhere. Wow.


I had a, I had a shadow once and then I, I hired him as the bass player in the band. Steve Madness. He goes great with Russell Brand, by the way. I gotta tell you. Yeah. Hoo.


This podcast is sponsored by Kovas. Anywhere worth going Is worth going in? Good boots. Find your perfect pair with Kovas. Ever. Wondered if you can pull off boots with your personal style. You owe it to your feet to put on a pair of kovas. Being confident isn't about being different. It's about being yourself. Find comfort in the traditions of the west and confidence from making it your own. Kovas crafts. Quality Western boots for everyone. From generational ranchers and lifelong cowboys to people like me that just moved to Texas and are looking to blend in with the pack. First time boot buyers, red band Tony, my kovas are so comfortable. I put these puppies on and walk over to Terry Black, slam some brisket and put my feet on the table like a gross monster to show off my kovas to all of the tourists. They make me feel amazing. That's exactly what I expect you doing for lunch. Red band. That is an interesting insight into your life and I appreciate it. Right now, get 10% off at kovas.com/ KILL. TONY, when you sign up for email and text, that's 10% off at T-E-C-O-V s.com/ KILL. TONY kova.com/kone. Koni. See site for details. Kova, point your toes west and visit their store on Congress. If you're ever here in Austin, Texas. Kova,


this podcast is sponsored by ZipRecruiter. You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating but only for hiring? In other words, you can meet several interested qualified candidates at once solid at a designated time. Well, good news there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash kelton. Guess what? Tony? I love ZipRecruiter. ZIP intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you Delicious? Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter. Rated number one, hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash koni. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash koni. Zip intro Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Alright, we're flying through the bucket tonight. Ladies and gentlemen. This is 60 seconds uninterrupted for Phil Smith. Let's go. Let's say we have jokes back to back here. Phil Smith. You guys having fun at KILL TONY so far? Let him hear it. All right. So my girlfriend's dad's dead. Woo fine. Don't clap. No, he died like before I met her and recently she told me, I think my father sent you to me. And I said, babe, I had no idea you were schizophrenic. Which I'll admit isn't a great thing to say to your beautiful girlfriend. But do you guys know what the worst thing I could have said is?


Yeah, he did. I was wondering what that energy was. It was your dead father sending me to you. I'm your gift. And then just like proceed to use that in our relationship. Like, hang on, he's coming through. He's saying I'm right and you're wrong. But you think your dad would have your back. Hold on, he's coming through again. I'm getting something. Shut up. Shut the fuck up. Oh, I don't know why your dad's saying this. He's saying we should invite another woman into the bedroom. Thank you guys. I'm been Phil Smith. Okay. Phil Smith.


All right, Phil. Welcome. Keep it where you from? Phil, Rochester, New York. Tony. Oh God. Jesus Christ. Upstate New York. The absolute worst. How long have you been out of there? Since December. Congratulations. Yep. It's your first time being outside of Rochester. First time living outside of Rochester. Yeah. Wow. Incredible. Congratulations. How old are you? I'm 28. And what'd you put your finger up there for? For second? You had like a hold on. A second finger that you put up that I completely ignored because I'm the host. Go ahead, Hold it right there. Yeah, I got something for you. Whenever you're ready, just do whatever you want. I just didn't know if you knew this. A certain one of your producers is also from Rochester, New York.


I absolutely do. I do know that. And I just found out he's out there buying motorcycles. The fucking guy. Secret Motorcycles with special big glasses on. Oh, you, you like him. All right. The Rochester connection. Me and Yoni. I know absolutely. You've talked with Yoni about this before. Never talked to him in my life. But you Just know he's from Rochester. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. Yeah. There's like, it's a smaller city and they're like, if you tell someone you're from Rochester, they're like, you know who else is Three other people. Yeah. And Yoni's one of those. One of them. Those people. One. Wow. Just think after the inevitable motorcycle accident, he'll no longer be on that list.


Thin in the pack. Absolutely. What do you do for work Right now? It's weird. I, I came here with like five grand. What are you A wizard? What do you mean? It's weird. I, I came here from Hogwarts and you Came here with five grand and Smoked it went, blew through it immediately. Yeah. My plan was to do like Instacart. A car broke down very shortly after. Wow. And I got hired at the Vulcan former venue of KILL TONY and don't get scheduled there too much. Right. So I did the natural thing anybody would do. I just started playing poker full time. Oh wow. And I was able to pay my rent up until now.


Just playing poker. Where do you play Online or Real life? Well, one of the reasons I was excited to move here is 'cause I've always played poker. And Austin, Texas also happens to have the best card room in the country. It is true. In fact, yes, without a doubt. And the best heads up poker player in the world, Doug Poe, Doug Poe, you know this guy? I met him here. Well, I didn't know him at all. And then one night after the taping of this show, people kept coming up to me going, do you know who the fuck's here? Doug PO's here. Doug Poe is here. And I'm like, who the fuck is a Doug Poe? What's a Doug Poe? But all fucking night, I swear to God, 15, 20 people.


I'm like, Jesus fucking Christ. So by the time, like 1 1 30 comes around, finally, here's this guy Doug Po. I'm Doug Poe Byebye, nice to meet you, da da da. I'm the best heads up poker player in the world. That's what everybody kept saying. And I was already drunk at that point. And I go, I'm good at poker. I'll fucking play you heads up. Oh God. And he goes, and we go, okay. So we bet the bet was if he wins, 'cause he wanted to do a minute on the show, if he wins, he gets to do a minute on the show. If I win, he gives me $20,000. Get out. So there we are at Mitzi's after an episode and we play heads up poker me and the best in the world. Whoa, 20 minutes later, guess who won 20,000 fucking dollars.


Me. Thank you. Come on. For real. And at that point, since it had only been 20 minutes, but I was kind of warmed up, I go, I'll tell you what, even though I won, let's go double or nothing, let's go $40,000. You, you poked real bad a minute of standup comedy. And so I won $20,000. We doubled the bet to 40. Whoa dude. And he's gonna be any, any day now. He's gonna be popping in on the show. So yeah, he won. He won that second game. So be on the lookout for the best heads up. It was, it was so much fun. So no, it's not stupid you I said silly.


Well, silly yeah, silly fun. Was he hot at least? Oh, red band. God, you need to really like give up on the carbs or drinking or something. He has a bet right now. Now's a lot of touch. He has a bet right now for like a quarter million dollars that he has to get down to like 2% body fat. I don't, I don't know anything about that. But I'll tell you this is, we had a hell of a good old time playing poker and I can't believe that you're able to make a living doing it. Well, I was, I, I've paid my rent up until now, and in the past few weeks had like a $4,000 downswing. So all in all in Austin, I'm currently up $1,200. But How are you gonna pay rent the, the end of this month?


I mean, I gotta hope I can make this $1,200 work. I'm gonna hit the table. How much is rent? A thousand. Okay. But I'm gonna have to play more poker. I mean, I can't just, I Right. I can't just pay the a thousand dollars, have 200, I have to buy in for 1200, turn it into like 3,600, and then I go, oh, I'm chilling. And then maybe lose that in between. Right. It's a, it's a whole Thing. So when you're playing poker, you're really, your heart's beaten outta your chest because it's life or death. I purposely talk about the fact, like, I need this, like, right. And then people are like, then he's not bluffing, right? Like he, he, he, he, This Is his Rent money. You don't have like a, do you have a backup skill? Like, do you know how to do anything else?


Like Yeah. Do, Do you know how to bag fucking groceries? Do you know how to Yeah, I'm a, I'll Give you your head out a drive through window. I mean, what do you got anything else? My guy, I, I delivered pizzas for 10 years. I'm pretty good at that. Wow. So, okay, that was, I'll tell you what, that I'll give you $2,000 if you kill a guy holding a single silver crutch outside in Austin, Texas. Done should be easy to spot. It should be. He's not using it. He's just holding it. He's carrying it around. And he is probably being followed by police officers down the street.


So it should be easy to find. I Hope I get to 'em before they do. That's right. Need that two grand. Phil, anything else crazy? We should know about you before. Do you really have a girlfriend? Your opening joke was about your girlfriend's dead dad or something. Yeah, I Do really have a girl. I really have a girl. What's going on with her? Broce? Yeah. I can get into this dish. The dirt. Yeah. Let's do it Josh. Let's hear it. So she's a new girlfriend. I met her at Creek in the cave. We were there for a banana phone creek in the cave, which I do wanna let you guys know. There's a free show every Sunday called Banana phone if you're in town for KILL TONY. Let's not. You should go plug your shows on your girlfriend's back. Thank Phil. Come on. I was there for that. And I met her and I thought she was really hot. She is really hot.


She's way outta my league. And I, we just started small talking. It was going great. I bought her a drink and it got to the point where we sat watched the show. I walked her to her car and she goes, just so you know, I'm married. Okay. And then what? And then I was like, All right, well I'm, I'm totally, I'm totally mature enough to be in a platonic relationship with a woman who's married and You're in a platonic relationship. No, no, no. That's what I thought at the time. Platonic. Yeah. Is that that's the right word? No, that's when an earthquake happens there. What's, what's the Word for Platonic? Platonic, Yeah. Yeah. So like, I thought we could like catch an earthquake together or something.


Hold on. Yeah. Platonic did So anyways, material against me. Anyways. I'll, I'll speed it up a little bit. No, You're doing good. Keep going. She, she was going to like Mike's by herself and stuff. Her husband didn't support, like her doing comedy. Wasn't a fan of you either. He didn't let her watch KILL TONY. He didn't let her watch KILL TONY. That's just what I heard. I don't need to give this guy more of a reason to murder me. Wow. So we're not gonna talk too much about him. No. Keep going. This is great. Yeah. So I'm going to Mike's with her. I'm as a friend, as a platonic friend, and I'm, I'm really like in my head like, damn, I've matured so much. She's so hot. And I, I can just be her friend and we're going to all the mics. We're going to all the mics. And eventually she just ghosts me and I'm like, oh, what did I like weird her out or something.


And so I texted her, didn't get a text back. And then a few days goes by and I'm like, I'll send her one more. And she says, I was like, Hey, did you like quit comedy or something? And she says, no, I'm going through some personal stuff. Turns out the personal stuff was she told her husband that she has feelings for me. And then they started the divorce process. Wow. Incredible. There he is. There he is right there. I have a, I have a few more questions now that we got a good, good real story out of you. Yeah. One is, when did you start hooking up with her? Was it before she started having feelings for you?


This whole Thing? No, again, real mature of me. I waited 'cause we're in Texas, so you really can't fuck Around. Well mature of you did. Was there a chance, you think, for you to make a real move there? Did she Not really. So like, everybody's like telling me the same thing. Like, well if she left her husband to be with, what do you think she's gonna do? But as soon as she realized she had feelings for me, she stopped talking to me, worked it out with him, and then filed for divorce. And then we didn't hook up until it was finalized. Wow. You didn't hook up till it was finalized. Like the paperwork Till it was, if you in Texas, if I was to like, she could go to jail. Really? Before it's final. Yeah. It's adultery. Even if you have filed for divorce, I'm not Getting married.


You don't have to worry about that red man. So, Wow, dude. Very interesting. You're like a walking soap opera guy. Yeah, It's incredible. Like gambling wild women in the parking lot. What else is going on there? Relish master. You play poker, you play tonic. Yeah. This is incredible. It's a wild story. Everything else is pretty chill, honestly. I mean, I think I told you the, the bulk of my stress and craziness. So This guy didn't let her watch KILL TONY. Do you know why he didn't let her watch KILL TONY? That's such a random, fucking weird thing Again.


He's gonna see this and he's probably gonna hunt me down and kill me. But I do know it was like around one of your first cancellations. This is secondhand information, so I'm sure if you're watching this hearsay, but he was like, after Tony said that Asian stuff, you're gonna still watch that show. Oh yeah. Oh, he's a, he's a incredible, I actually think he's really cool. Phil Smith, a great performance, a great interview.


Here's a big joke book my friend. Congratulations Phil Smith, everybody. Wow. How fun, huh? And what's great is that's his last performance ever. Yeah. It's gonna be Kill Phil. Yeah. Does that hurt your feelings that someone like wouldn't watch you because of you? Like that's If those are the people that aren't watching. Yeah. 'cause of some, 'cause the news told them that I am a racist. Those are the people I don't want watching. Yeah. So it works out perfectly. Yeah. I ended up with the exact fan base that I wanted to, people that focus on what's in front of them, not what they're being told by others or else I'd be a written Nazi.


That's what they, that's what they called me. They said I performed at a Nazi rally. What? And then I'm against Latinos. Even though these are the four most expensive fucking dates you can imagine. Every god damn Monday had a Zoom call with Carlos Sosa. Today he is telling me how much he was getting paid on the Kelly Clarkson Show. This fucking guy. Look at a Yeah. Kelly fucking Clarkson. Goddamn a BC network. I'm competing against like, well Kelly Clarkson was giving me, no, I'm kidding.


Look at him. Look at him over there. Look at him. He's about to play the flute. Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for one of our absolutely great esteemed regulars. I present to you a young man who is absolutely living everyone's dreams. You name it. New Netflix deal, new this, knew that. We'll probably find out all about it real soon. This is a brand new minute from one of the top young rising comedians in the world. This is Cam Patterson.


Hey, What's up man? I'm proud of myself, dog. I got a girlfriend now who was there for eight months and for the first time two days ago, I made that bitch come, I'm proud of myself. Yeah, yeah. Nigga. Yeah. Eight months no comes nigga nothing. We were fucking, I go, baby, did you come and you would go? No. And I would go, damn. Good night. Every time. Two bad bits. Good night. Every single time. But this night was different. It was different. Well, kind of the same. We took mushrooms. I fucked her. She didn't come. I said, did you come? She went, no. I said, damn. Went to sleep. Right. Only thing that was different was earlier that day. My girlfriend has a roommate and her roommate brought this dude over like a lame ass white dude. He was a real porn Dexter.


He was a bitch, like a real fark nigga, you know what I'm saying? And I met him and he was like, how you doing good to me? So like, what's up pussy? Right. He was a bitch. Clay, we talked to bitches. What's up twisty? How you doing brother? And I went back in the room, right? And then the night came and when I was trying to go to sleep off the mushroom, at the fuck am my lady peacefully. I just heard from the other room this lame ass nigga fucking the shit out of her roommate. It was just like, wow, the whole car, he's in there hurting her. Oh my God, what's going on? And then right when I started to thinking about it, the mushrooms kicked in and my brain just went, you gonna let that white boy out? Fuck you nigga. And I felt my ancestors grab my back.


It was Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King and Thurgood Marshall. And I put my shoes off of track and I made that bitch calm nigga. I make camp out. That guy somewhere. Fuck yeah. Can I ask you a question? Right out of the gate, those noises you heard through the wall, can you do those one more time? Thought? Yeah. They weren't fucking there playing women's tennis. Cam Patterson. What is that? Done it again. It was her first come, first Come, first come. Wow. What did you have to do to do that? What did you do differently With the mushrooms?


Yeah. But like was the, do you remember like, was there some type of thrusting motion? Was there Something They said it, it was the motion. Oh no, no, nigga. Wait a minute. I put, I had put, I had put shoes on for traction. I You put shoes on? Yeah, Nigga. I was but ass naked foam pos on nigga. So you were wearing exclusively only shoes? Only Shoes. Socks and shoes, but only shoes. Wow. But ass naked. Only shoes on. And I was going as hard as I could. I wasn't forget how fuck. And he was going hard over there. Yeah. Yeah. He was going crazy over there. So You could make it go even further if you wear golf shoes, buddy. Okay. Yeah, you could. What the fuck that's Gonna do? They got the spikes in them. My guy. Yeah. You can really get into the, you Get flower From standing on the wall. Oh yeah. Yep. I never knew this. This is good to know white people, shit.


Hell yeah. Golf shoots. Just make sure it's not a waterbed you're on. Okay. All right. Or else we know you can't swim Because That would be a mess. That is quite the mess. So she told you that she had never come before? I Always ask her, she always say no. You always ask. I always ask every time. Hey, hey did You come? And she be like, nah. I'll be like, damn too bad bitch. I don't really care. But I would like to know you feel what I'm saying? Don't bother me. I already won. I'm happy I'm having a good time. Exactly. Yeah. You fuck about what she got going on over there. You figure It out. You were ready to go to, you were ready to go to sleek Night. Nighttime, brother. You feel I'm saying Twinkle, twinkle little star. There it goes. Hell Yeah. Absolutely. I don't wanna be too nosy. But have you ever come, Ma?


Every time 100. Okay. I gotta ask. What's that sound like? It it's a lot of that. Yeah. It's just a lot of crossey energies. Ha. Oh, there's a little noise there. Yeah. Yeah. Put my head down. It's a lot of that. What The fuck are You doing man? Man, somebody, somebody called the police. They heard that someone called the fuck was that someone called the police. Hey, Who are these niggas, man? I go for two weeks. Who are these lame ass niggas? Who are these fuck going on Here? Man? They're not lame, they're cool. Ah, I mean, that guy, that guy's cool. That guy lame as fuck, man. That's lame as talking about this guy Cool as shit guy. Same as hell, man.


Hey cool man. Who the fuck is that guy? Hey, you'd be nice to Russell Brown, relax. Who the fuck is that, man? What does he sound like when he comes? He probably sound like a smooth jazz player. He probably sound cool as shit. Or the piano player. Yeah, no doubt about it. Real six. He yeah. He's like, yeah, Yeah. There you go, baby. Hell yeah. You came. I came. Good night. We all came. But he probably say nigga when he come too. Yeah. He Cool enough though? I came nigga. Hell yeah. Absolutely. Do you come fast? Like normally like how, how long Do you, wait a minute.


What the fuck we got going on? Man? So stupid. Every once in a while he takes the word cohos, going on to heart and tries to ask his own questions. Black people Come faster. Who said that? Who told you that? Nobody. Nobody just says stuff randomly. It's the fuck. Was That right man? Yeah, we was all having a good thing. Like, do you come quick, nigga? Yeah. How fast do you come cam? I got questions about this shit. Yep. It is an interesting question. Right, Ben? Very interesting. So Cam, what else is going on in life? Shit a lot, man. I been running around doing shit. I'm, I'm acting now. I be acting as shit, man. Yeah. Hell yeah. You gonna acting, You gonna make It all?


I think I, I can tell him what the big one is. Okay. We're not gonna tell him about the big one yet. But yeah, I'm, I'm in some shit. It's weird. It's weird being like around we were actors because I don't act I'm on me, you feel me? Yep. When I went to my audition, I remember it was a nigga And there I asked him, I said, Hey man, how, how, how you got started in acting. He was like, you know, I was in the Lion King when I was eight. I was simple. And I was like, damn. At school. He was like, nah, bro. I was like, I shouldn't be here. So I shouldn't be in this room at all, dog. This is diabolical. But you know, it's cool though. I fuck with it. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Can I ask, you don't have to tell me what it is, but is it, what's that dramatic acting or comedy acting? Oh No, I'm playing a retard, but, Well, You don't really have to act to do That.


Wait a minute. What the fuck you just said, You guy me A second. If You weren't a retard, you would've got it quicker. N no, I had to think about it, but fuck you. Think about that next time you come. I pray to God I don't, I'll be there to hold you, son. I love it. I'm just acting. I'm just acting. You're doing a great job, dude. Congratulations. You like acting. It's cool. I fucked with the hell. Yeah. Did you think you would, you know, when you started your journey, you'd, you'd, you'd go into acting or is that something that came way outta nowhere for you?


Came outta left field, but I fucked with it though. That's Cool. I think it's though, man. Yeah. I figured I'm gonna give you some advice here because you, you like you said, you didn't see it coming. Yeah. Just jump in and take it man. Don't be afraid. Just like go for it. Just like you do out here. Just, just go for it, man. Hell, you're gonna be good. Appreciate. Absolutely. Yeah. I, you, I love Thanks for you. Yeah. Yeah. Appreciate It. And if you ever need to be inspired by another great actor, just think about the acting of your girlfriend when she told you that you made her come that one time. No, No. She did. I believe her. I believe her that time. I got her that Time. I got it. There is not a pair of Jordans in the world that are gonna get you there buddy. Cam Patterson has done it again. Everyone that is Yet another new minute from Cam Patterson and back to the bucket we go.


Hello there. This podcast is sponsored by open phone. If you're running a business, you know that every time you miss a call, you're leaving money on the table. When every customer conversation matters, you need a phone system that keeps up and helps you stay connected 24 7. That's why you need open phone. Open phone is the number one business phone system that streamlines and scales your customer communications. It works through your app on your phone or computer. So no more carrying two phones or using a landline. Now let me throw it to the most business savvy guy I know in the world. It's Red Dan. Guess what Tony? I love open phone. It's the best business phone system. Hands down with open phone. Your team can share one number and collaborate on customer calls and texts like a shared inbox. That way any teammate can pick up right where the last person left off keeping response times faster than ever. See why over 60,000 businesses trust open phone? Heck Yeah. Open Phone is offering our listeners 20% off for your first six months@openphone.com slash koni. That's O-P-E-N-P-H-O-N e.com/ KILL TONY. And if you have existing numbers with another service, open phone will port them over at no extra charge. Open phone, no missed calls, no missed customers.


Alright, let's talk about how Amazon Prime makes everything better. You know the moment you binge watching different things and you realize that Prime has more to offer than expected. Amazon Prime isn't just fast delivery though. Let's be honest. Getting snacks are a last minute prop. Delivered the same day is a lifesaver. It's also Amazon music to vibe to and all the things that make life more interesting. Red Band. Whether Streaming a standup special building the perfect playlist for the next show, or getting new gear delivered fast Prime helps make it all happen and maybe even delivers a few laughs along the way. So whether comedy, drama, or just the perfect new joke book is the vibe. Remember Prime is there for it. I do it all on Prime. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into. amazon.com/prime.


Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for your next bucket pool. We're gonna meet her all together. It is Liv Taylor. Liv Taylor. What's up Austin? I am Liv. I did just move to Austin. On the contrary, I do not have two sisters named Laugh and Love. Okay. That was stupid. Sorry. Yeah, I did just move to Austin. My husband died last year, which is, you know, pretty unfortunate. But men don't like to be told that women are better drivers. So as a woman, I've just proved my point. Okay. I did always tell him I was a better driver.


Unfortunately it took for him to just take me a little too seriously. I've pretty much lost everything that's in my head right now. 'cause there's a giant light shining in my face anyways. I also have anxiety, so anytime that I masturbate, I immediately think of my dead mom. Like I know I'm shaming God, but like grandma. Sorry. My husband though, he was a freak. I like to say that he's now watching from his favorite point of view, which is from my asshole. Great. Love that. Okay. Liv Taylor.


I'm excited about this interview. Hi. The set was fucking, you know what it was. Yeah, I know. You Don't have to say, but this interview I'm real excited about because I love when people die near people that are on this show. It gives us something to talk about. Spend A lot of that tonight. Like about five of our actors when somebody died. Yeah. We, well, odds of us, God bless em. Odds of us dying have gone up by the people that we've pulled outta the bucket tonight. Yeah. It seems like they have a lot of death around them. D Madness is trying to leave right now and which is very telling because they have a sixth sense those people. Oh, wow. And by those people, I mean the blacks not blind people. There he goes. Did you notice when she said, I'm sorry, you said you, and by the way, I'm so sorry, but you said your, your grandmother died, or your father?


All the grandmother. Everybody's dying. Mom. Everybody's out. Husband Grand. The grandmother Die in the back. When you said they died, some guy in the back just went, whoa. Like he cheered. He cheered for the husband died. Who was that? Sure. What? That's not Yeah. Fuck that guy. It doesn't really matter. Harlan, he was trying to be funny, but he didn't have the courage to sign up for the show 'cause he doesn't have a full minute. Wow. He thought that he had a moment there, but he's who Caught me off guard. He's a stupid pussy. That's Okay. I was looking for an answer. I got one. Yeah. So Liv amazing that your name is Liv, even though everyone around you dies. Let's talk about it. It is a joke of mine. How did your husband die? He Flipped his truck.


He what? He flipped his truck. He flipped his truck. Wow. It's amazing the difference between flipping a house and flipping a truck. Right? Yeah. One makes you money, the other ends your life. So he flipped. He didn't hit a deer, did he? No. Just his head real hard. Okay. How did he, how did he flip his truck? What happened there? He was just trying to go off a ramp and was dumb. Didnt do it Right. He was going off a ramp? Yeah, Like a, just like a, like an exit. Oh, An exit ramp. Okay. An exit Ramp. It was like two in the morning, you know, it was all factors combined. Was He drunk? A little bit. Okay. Little bit. Yeah. By, a little bit over the legal limit. Probably. Probably. You never asked. I mean, we, we parted ways that same night.


So I would say You broke up with him that night? No, He, he literally parted ways. Oh, We were sorry. We were together that night. Literally went apart. And then he, what were You guys doing Together that night? We were at a strip club. Okay. So you and him were at a strip club. You and your husband? Yes. Did he leave first or Did you leave Leave first? No, we left together. You left together? He, He was parked one way. I was parked the other, we were driving separate cars. Driving Separate cars. Were you behind him? No. You were in front of him? No. You guys went two separate? We Got into an argument that night. Oh wow. This is, It's Saucy. Very interesting. Amazing. For a guy that's been pounding on the sound effect board all night.


We got nothing for flipping trucks and we're the siren. I'll take a siren. Sometimes he gets a little daydreamy when we need him the most. So you guys are arguing. What was the argument about at the strip club? Was he like looking at a girl too much? I didn't wanna spend the money at the strip club, but I'm a good wife. And You were trying strip to save money? Yeah. Okay. In this economy? Yeah. Okay. So let's just stick with the questions here, Liv. So you're trying to save money. You guys get into an argument 'cause he wants to stay at the strip club. He wanted to go and I didn't want to go. And I was like, fuck it, let's just go so you can stop. How did you wanna leave the strip club but also not want to spend money?


Okay. When we were down, we were downtown. I'm from Georgia, we were downtown and he wanted to go to the strip club. I didn't want to go. We were moseying around until he, I just finally gave in and he was like, fine, let's fucking go. It's not even a strip club. It's a titty bar. It's a sad excuse. That part doesn't matter to the story. So when you guys, but then when you guys, when you get to the titty bar Yeah. All of a sudden you kind of wanna stay there. Yeah. And he wanted to leave. Yeah. Interesting. So what was the last thing that you guys said to one another before he went and died? I'm gonna go to my truck and I said I'm gonna go party with these friends you just made. You went to go party with his friends. I thought he was gonna follow with, but you know, I was wrong.


It's cool. Wow. Yeah. Unbelievable. Do you live with a bit of guilt from that, you think? Nah, I did. You did? Yeah. But you're over it now. How long ago did this happen? It'll be a year on the second of Wow. You got over it real quick. Okay. Very cool. I like it. Do you have a boyfriend now? Nope. You're completely single. I'm, I'm just trying to do comedy. I moved out here just for this. You moved here from Georgia? Just for this. How long ago did you move here? I just moved two weeks ago. Two weeks ago. Awesome. Yeah. There you Go. I think you're missing the biggest question all there. Go Right ahead. I love it. If you don't mind. No, I want to hear it. It happens. I think everyone's wandering. Let's do it. Why did you leave your hat in Cam's bedroom.


It's covered. It looks like it's covered in cu a Hundred percent. I like to have fun, you know, whatever. You like to have fun. Okay. Totally. I love it. I was just asking back to you guy. Thank you. What do you do for work Liv? I'm a vet tech. You're A vet Tech? I'm a licensed vet tech. Okay. And are you doing that here in Austin? I have not found a job, but I will have to eventually. So yeah, I'll probably end Up doing that. How much money did you save? Well, my money is dead mom money, so, Ooh. Dead mom money. 22,000. Right? Not even close. My mom did not expect to die. Probably like just under 10 grand. Oh, okay. Yeah. So you have a little time. How much is your rent?


Good bit. A ballpark. It was like 1800. 1800. Do you live by yourself? I do. Okay. So you have about six or seven months to get a job. I A stretch. I'm frugal. I know a gambler she'd do real well with. Yeah. What do you do for fun, Liv? What are some hobbies? I I have dogs at home. I have two beagles, so I hang out with them. Oh, cute. I'm really very homebody since I moved out here. I've just really been trying to explore and be by the pool and chill and relax and just try to honestly find a new life, so. Right. Yeah. And you're having fun doing standup comedy at night?


Yes. You enjoy it? I The only reason I do it is 'cause my mom died. When did your mom die? Exactly. So funny story. Oh, finally mom died. Oh, you'll love this. My mom died the day after I saw your standup and met you with my husband on August 26th of LA It's all coming back to you. 2023. It's, I'm not even joking. Like I got a phone call the next morning that my mom died. Wow. Yeah. Okay. So you saw me in that big theater in Atlanta, Georgia. Cobb Energy Center in the Yes, the Cobb Energy Center. It is all coming back to me now. And how did your mom die?


She flipped her truck. She Got hit by a car. Really? What Wow. Wish. I mean, I always wanted a Jeep and that just ruined it. So, So was she walking or in a car? No, she, she was a pedestrian. She was a pedestrian. It wasn't a hit and run was it? No, the the, the guy stopped and Yeah. Oh God. He did it the right way. But you know, he what? He did it the right way. I mean He did it the right way. Yeah. All the way through. I mean, yeah. She didn't have to suffer. And you were very close with your mom. Yeah, close-ish. My mom was kind of crazy, but yeah. Well, Until she got hit, right? Yeah.


Yeah, I'd say. Okay. And have you always been a natural neon pink? I was just wondering if like, I'd like to say natural red diabetic kids attack your candy floss at the carnival. Like just like nine kids start chewing your hair. It is pretty tasty. It actually smells really Good. It does. What's it smell like? Hydro perle Oil. Can I smell it? Sure. If you'd like. I'd love to have a snort. Oh wow. It's chloroform. Oh wow. Smells like Cam's bedroom. Yeah. Does. Yeah, it does. All right, Liv. Well congratulations.


Now you know what it feels like at least there are extremely bright lights and everything out there is dark. And now, you know, for next time. So sign up again and write a, write a write a actual minute. Remember it. Ooh, good catch. I threw that one a little high and hard and she got it. Alright. That's tough stuff there. I like it. I like it. You like, You like the death stuff. I like a good heavy interview. That's what the show's all about. Sometimes it's he, he ha ha. Sometimes it's boo boo ba. Yeah, that's what I always say. Yeah. Yeah. It's Getting to today guys. This is a special moment right now. Last week we pulled out of the bucket a man who signed up for I think every Monday for over a year.


And he had a good minute, but his interview skills were unbelievable. I swear to God, I think I'm bringing up for the second time ever who might be one of the greatest interviewees in the history of the show. I'm excited to see his second ever minute on the show. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the short awaited return of Alex Tarun. Everybody, here we go. Thank you. Thank you. I've, I've been going to the gym a lot lately. I've, I've been trying to make my workouts pertain to things I would do in real life. So every time I do a squat, I make sure to also lift my ball sack and cough.


I didn't always used to be this big. I used to be really small. That was when my dad was getting the best of me. He said, he said, these beatings were preparing me for life, you know, for all the other 40 year olds who are gonna hit me with a belt and a shoe. You know, the thing is though, he actually didn't own a belt, so we'd have to go to the clothing store and he'd hit me with one there. You know, it might sound bad, but I guarantee you every time he hit me with a belt, he always did it in goodwill. Thank you. Thank you, thank you.


Thank you. Wow. Wow. The return of Alex Tarun. Unbelievable. I've been looking forward to this for a whole week. Thank you. Me too. These people have no fucking idea the relationship that we built last week. Full disclosure. I'm black. He's black. Just in case. He says, says get outta the way. Says and just in case he says the N word, at some point he's black. Full disclosure, I'm also black. So look out. Here we go. Full disclosure, I'm white. So Alex, I love this suit.


Last week it was, your clothing was extremely questionable. This week you come in guns a blazing. Did you just get this? Yeah, Amazon came through. Wow. Wow. It was Amazon. Amazon Prime. Yeah. Wow. Look at that. How much was that? 75 For the suit? Yeah. You know, high. He's the new death in an elevator line. What does that mean? It's a prince joke. Oh, okay. All right. Speaking of, Oh damn. How you buddy? I'd love to throw a hamburger Patty on your glasses.


Alex Tar. Thank God he walked out That horrible prince joke idea. Yeah, That was crazy. It was a 39-year-old reference, I do believe. But it was good. It was good. It was good Death by an elevator. I learned something new every time I have Harlan on this Show. You know, prince died in an elevator, right? Uhuh. He has, he had an elevator in his man and they found him dead in his elevator. Really? Yeah. No, that was Whitney Houston. Dude. He's thinking of the guy from Friends died of his elevator. Just ask him. He knows It's okay. Right? You know, I know that Harry Truman was killed by a volcano.


Yeah. Where did you learn that at? I, I was just scrolling. Instagram just popped up. Yep. That's where you get all the great history teachings. There's no doubt about it. Not many people know that at all. In fact, nobody knows that. 'cause it definitely did not happen. But Harry Truman was killed by a volcano. Yep. This is history with Alex Tar. Yep. I'm very excited. So you got a brand new $75 suit off of Amazon and you're still rocking the the Durag. Yeah. Yeah. That's always gonna be part of you, isn't it? Yeah. No one durag, no socks. That's the game. Durag don't socks. That's what they say. And Alex, you work at a pizza place?


Yeah, I do delivery driving. And I also, because I actually played a trumpet while I drive. 'cause you only need one hand for it. You play a trumpet while you drive. Yeah. I play a trumpet while I drive and I use a little flap like the sun visor or put like the music on it so I can kind of read it. You have a, you have a trumpet? Do you have a trumpet with you? Of course with you right now. Yeah, I bought it. You brought it? Yeah. Get this fucking trumpet. Here We go. You gotta be kidding me. This guy, by the way, set a record last week for the longest interview ever in the history of the show. 'cause we found him so goddamn interesting. At no point during the 24 minute long interview did he even mention playing the trumpet.


That's how fucking interesting this guy is. Nothing Trumpet from a garbage bag, does it? I I, I was hoping to trumpet off you're trumpet player. Well, I guarantee you he's gonna win. He's a professional. But let's sure, let's do it. Let's have a, the first ever Mexican, Mexican trumpet off trumpet. And here we go. Your first ever trumpeteer on this show's history. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Alex Tar.


Perfect. Wow. Absolutely incredible. All right. Now the professional trumpet player's gonna play. Oh shit. Oh, he got that one note that you missed. Oh Shit. There you go. Red band's jumping in with his trumpet sound effect. This is just a free for all at this point.


Harlan's about to play a second crutch. Wow. Look at that. Harlan coming through with a victory. Somebody just handed me that trumpet. I was just driving around playing and this guy was like, I've been looking for someone to give my trumpet to. And he is like, well, I guess you're the only guy. So I was like, All right. Like that trumpet's actually really expensive too. How do you know that? Well, I looked it up like I eventually looked it up and it's like he said he was like giving away all his possessions and then moving to Thailand, which we know what that means. You know, It means that he's about to go. Yeah. Yeah. Do what? Well, well, there's a thing that we don't like to talk about that we all do sometimes.


Wait, wait, wait. Go ahead. It's okay. Don't let anybody here throw you off with their scoffs and questions. What do they, what do we all do sometimes, Alex? Well, Sometimes you go and skip lag and you just wanna see how much it would cost. Just if you want to, you know, travel around the world and have your dreams come true, What kind of dreams would you like to come true? Oh, what do you wanna do in Thailand? Alex, How about we start with some speech therapy classes? How about that? Oh, I think we know what that means, right? What? Yeah, when it comes to Thailand.


Oh, what? You know what's over there? No, you don't. You have no idea what they do in Thailand. No. Lady Bababa. Oh, lady Boys. Yeah. You wanna be with a lady boy. You wanna get that lady boy Gold. Whoa. What's the lady boy gold? It's, it's just below platinum. Wow. In interview Genius. Eventually this show might just end up being Alex Tarun being out here for an hour and a half every week. You guys will see when you, yeah. So Alex, very interesting stuff. What else is going on in life?


Well, I con my kind of texted my ex-girlfriend. I was like, I got and KILL TONY. I thought it, thought it would be kinda weird if you just saw me randomly. You Texted your ex-girlfriend that You got? Yeah, I just said like, just gimme a call, which I guess is like an emergency or something And remind everybody why that's a big deal. Your ex-girlfriend. Oh, well, you know, I used to have a heart, you know, I used to, I used to be in love. And then what happened? And then, and then I got fired from my job. And then what happened? Oh, and then, and then it was just a series of just like, like since, since last time I saw her, I had two guns get pulled on me at different occasions.


Right. Went to jail a couple times. Just for a weekend. Just for a weekend. You Got a gun pulled on you and you went to jail? I got a gun pulled on me in Portland. And then immediately the first thing I did was tell this guy a prophet Muhammad joke while he was pointing at me. I was like, All right, well This is the time he was pointing a gun at you. Yep. Yep. Do the joke that you did while a guy was pointing a gun at you. Wow. Okay. Well what I said was, Did you, first of all, did you say like, Hey, don't shoot me. I'll, I'll let me do a joke. Pretty much. Joe, what did you say exactly? Well, what I said was, Hey, you wanna hear a joke? He pulled a gun on you and that's the first thing that you said? Yep.


Wow. And then what did he say? He said, All right. And he is holding it like this or sideways. He was sitting in the car. So he's just pointing up at me. Wow. Okay. So you say, wanna hear a joke? He said, yes. And then you go, I said, you know, in the religion of Islam it's forbidden to draw to Prophet Muhammad. It doesn't say nothing about drawing his twin brother Billy though, by the way, he's paternal. He's p fraternal. You know, I would've shot him immediately. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Did the guy laugh? Yeah. Wow. Absolutely incredible. My God. And then what happened? Oh, and then I saw this lady walking around and I was like, you never believe this?


I just had a gun pulled on me. And she's like, what'd you do? I said, I told him a joke, a prophet Muhammad joke. And she goes, why? I'm like, that's comedy, right? And then she was like, no, it's not. And I was like, oh. And she's like, I'm actually, I'm actually in this like the circuit. Like I know what comedy is. And I was like, All right. Like, Oh yeah, someone in, yeah. A lady in Portland. Yeah. Has it all figured out. That sounds about right. Yeah. I know Portland well enough to know that those are the types of people that think they have it all figured out. I'm in the circuit. Perfect. I finally got closure though, because I told her I got out and killed Tony and she was like, good for you. But you know, he's a, he's a bad man, right? Yeah. And I Was like, oof.


Yeah, those Portland people. Yeah. I was like, he's stupid. I'm the bad man. Meanwhile, she lives in a neighborhood where people in cars are rolling up, pulling guns on innocent people. Yeah. Well, but I'm the bad guy. Yeah, because I said something, some words, I said words. Yeah. So Alex Tarun, what else is going on in life? Well, Monday was good for me. Last Monday, Tuesday was kind of rough. Tell us what happened on Tuesday. I got a, got a phone call from my apartment and they were just like, so we heard you had eight dogs, we just wanted to know when you're leaving. And I was like, All right, well, you know, you know, so it's been a long week. I got a couple new apartments lined up or you know, new strategy for a new apartment.


Just gonna lie. Tell Right, tell him I have two dogs And you're gonna sneak in eight dogs. Yep. A fun fact about Alex is he has eight pit bulls. How did they find out? How did, what are the odds that the apartment building found out the night or the next day after you talked about it in front of the world? Well, it's because I got home so late that it was just like screeches and squeals for like a couple hours. You know, like, Oh, they heard the eight pit bulls playing around fighting. No, he Is a room his room's next to Cams. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. So what are you real realistically gonna do for an apartment? Alex Tarun, you're out there delivering pizzas for a living?


Well, first off, my, my, my chances of being a public school teacher are plummeting. Why You can't plummet if you are never even up. All right. I was working on my teaching certificate, like thinking like I'm gonna get summer off to hang out with my dogs. And then I was just like, like, there's like, there's something about like saying nigga on stage, it's just not gonna, it's not gonna work for me. You know? I think you can say it. I should, You should. You should be able to say it. Yeah. Are both your parents black? 'cause you, you look sorta like a little fair Skinned. No, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like black and like mul. Alright, then you can't say it.


Well those are both, those both mean blocked. Yeah. Yeah. John, John Keys gave him permission, said that's cool. Oh yeah. Okay, go ahead. How do you know you're not gonna be able to get your teacher's certificate? Well, I think, I mean like, if you just Google me, like it just comes up that like, I prank phone call to suicide hotline by accident. Really? Yeah. Like if you google me already, like there's like, it's already like, it was already dicey. Like to think that I'd get the job in the first place. Wow. How do you prank the suicide hot? Yeah. What exactly Jump did you do? Don't jump. Well, like, basically like, I had like shoulder surgery making excuses for myself. I was kind of on like pills and stuff. Like had like a big old slink in and everything and I was just like, that would be funny.


Like I was watching crank anchors and I was like, oh, crank anchors. I should make prank phone calls. That'd be funny. That'd be good content. Yeah. And what I did was I just called up the suicide hotline and just was just like, you know, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. And then I put like the two house phones together to make that like robot squeal. And then, and then like my brother came in and he is like, oh hey Peter, what are you doing? You know, like, oh no, Peter, what happened? And he goes to the phone, he's like, why'd you do this to Peter? And then, and then like an hour later I'm like making eggs. Like wow, that was pretty funny dude. I'm, I'm about to kill myself right now. Let's move this along. Yeah. It doesn't really pop up. How do you spell your last name again? It's T-A-R-C-H-O-U-N-C-H-O-U-N.


Yeah. Okay. That sounds is sort of French dude. Yeah. Is there some French in your Pipeline? Yeah, we used to be a French colony. You used To be my dad's country. Yeah. What was your dad's country again? Tunisia. Oh wow. Tunisia. You know what Tunisia? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There you got me. Oh wow. Holy shit. Oh shit. Yeah, that's definitely you. I have your hat on here. Wow. That is incredible. How do we find it? Is it a video? No, it's, I had to delete the audio too, but the, it's like a, they wouldn't take down the article 'cause the company went out of business. So it's just kind of stuck there. Alex Tarun Cha. GPT says Alex Tarun was involved in an incident where he made a prank call to a suicide prevention hotline, which led to his arrest and charges of second degree false incident report and disorderly conduct.


Is that true? Yeah. Yeah. You got this fucking guy's. Incredible. Thank you. This is the only show where people get an applause break for being arrested for pranking a suicide holler through a Bravo true act. I had a, I had an arrest one time where I had a 60 year charge that was like a Class X felony in the Illinois. Wow. What did you do there? So Basically my friend was like, I'm gonna go mule. He, my friend was like, I'm gonna go mule like a bunch of weed across the country. And I was like, I like, I'm not doing anything. Like I'll go hang out. Like I'll go for the, I'll go for the ride. You just wanted to go along for the ride? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Okay.


Yeah. And then like the thing is like, we had a driver who was, you know, like kind of on the spectrum a little bit. Like, not in a bad way, but like for this, it was terrible because like, I was in the front seat just like taking a nap and like the cop was knocking on my window. I'm like, how does, how does the cop waking me up? Like, like, you know what I mean? Like that's, you know, but like right before bed, like I was like braiding my hair. Like right before I went to sleep I was like In the car. Yeah. I was braiding my hair just thinking like, well if I get arrested, like I wanna have a good mugshot. And then like I actually did wake up to a cop on the window and I was like, oh shit. And was your hair completely braided at that point? Yeah. Yep. Yep. Wow. Yep. Did you get the magical mug shot that you had hoped for?


I really did. I really did. Let's go back to Alex, Josh. If you go, if you go on my YouTube, it's like the opening for my cartoons. It is. Yeah. Episode two through four. So you have a cartoon too? Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, he has a wildly successful cartoon. Tell Harlan the name of your cartoon. What is it? So basically it's the black version of Edda Neti And what's it called? What is it? It's called. There you go. There you go. Just in case you were wondering self-describe Half black, half Mulan. That's right.


Absolutely incredible. This guy, Yeah. Friend of Yours. You can ask him anything and you get an unbelievable answer Every God, all the stuff that we found out this interview we didn't talk about last week. It's been 17 minutes. He's been up here. Time flies with Alex Tar. Thank You. So this cartoon, is it for kids? Not really. Not Really. Who's it for? It's just for people like who just like comedy and stuff. Not too sensitive and shit, you know, You know if you say Beetlejuice three times it disappears. So what was the name of your show? Everybody at the same time? No, no, no, no, no, no.


It's just n nigga nigga. What was it? N Nigga nigga. Lot of bleeps. This episode coming in This. Does anything happen If you say that three times, You know what? Like, Nah, there you go. Yeah. Red Band keeps trying to Google your cartoon. I need To delete my search history. Yeah, he typed in the name of your cartoon and be Bib de Bow popped up for some reason. So Alex, last week at the last second of many of many minutes of interview, we found out that your shoes were falling apart.


Show the Audience. You gotta go. Good, good. Peek at this. We got the old alligator Mount on. Lift it up, lift it up and pull it down so that people can see you see that? And this guy's out there delivering pizzas, hustling, getting kicked out of his apartment, taking care of eight dogs. So we have a gift for you. The lovely Heidi's bringing it out. Let's go. It is, yeah, your size. It's a brand new pair of of Nike's. Bust those things out and pop 'em on there. Alex. Just pull 'em out. Well now know what happens if he says it three times. There you go. Alex. A pair of my favorite shoes. Yeah, put 'em on. Great.


Put 'em on Alex. Put 'em on you. Son of a bitch. Take off those dirty fucking shoes and you should start wearing socks. Alex, I I asked chat, GPT if I should wear socks and I said yes. Yes. Yeah, you could ask fucking anybody. They would've told you yes. You didn't have to go to chat. GPT, you didn't have to use that kind of technology. Red band's really ramping up to say something here. Everybody. No. Why? Why do you wear that hat every week? Yeah. William Montgomery wore it last week and he said his whole head smelled like pizza for the rest of the night. There you Go. Was it worth it? We already talked about the thing. It's good. How did the shoes feel? Feel they feel Great. I feel it's a good color. Did really match your your durag bro. That's like a good, good look.


I just, my hair gets really frizzy 'cause like the hot heat around here. Yeah. So I try to keep the like, you know, kind of moisture in. But how do you feel about the way it matches? You must feel like a million bucks right now. I feel like a, It feel like a Hot Wheels car. Feel like a Hot Wheels car. You, you have the vibe of a Hot Wheels car. It's very, very death in an elevator if you will. Oh, That joke doesn't work. I already tried it, you know. So we're gonna throw those old shoes out. Can We throw 'em over to the, like the telephone line? Yeah, if you want to. Yeah. Yeah you could. You could do that if you want. Alex, congratulations. You have new shoes. Another set interview down the hatch.


Thank you Alex. Ish. Thank you very much. There he goes. Everybody there he goes. He bought a new suit just for this $75 on Amazon Prime. You bought him those shoes Tony. Yeah. That was really nice of you man. Yeah, those are nice shoes. Hey, would it be inappropriate? 'cause I'm just, I'm how much they cost? Can I ask or is that inappropriate? What Is a rack of them cost? Yeah, I think they were, I think they were like 120 bucks. Nice guy. They're my favorite shoes. So I got 'em a pair of my own favorite shoes. Give Tony a hand. That's nice right there. Huh? I bought 'em once.


Wow. In New York City from the Nike store. That's nice. And I was surprised at how great they are. They're my favorite shoes. Alright. Whoa. Make some noise for your next bucket Pool. It's Nicholas Hartley. Everybody. Here we go. Hey, my grandpa is not a big sports fan. In fact, I think his favorite sport is Family Feud because every episode they put a white family versus a black family. And my grandpa diehard Whites fan, I'll tell you that he fucking loves those guys.


I think the worst day of his life is when Steve Harvey took over because he is just sitting there like the ref is on their team. It isn't fucking fair, you know, like you think Steve is rigging the game. He is so delusional. You know, like I'm watching a nice family friendly show and my grandpa's watching Steve go over there like white family Name a word that white people can't say. You hear the black family go. Good answer. Good answer. I never wanna excuse my grandpa for his racism, but he grew up on a farm in the 1940s. If he died of racism today, they would say he died doing what he loved.


Thank you. Absolutely. Nicholas Hartley. Some Family feud material. We love the feud around here. Yes Sir. Yeah, I Okay. You don't like the family feud? I hate that thing. Why? Because of him. Fuck. I don't, I'm ambivalent. I love it. That's a big word, guy. I know. Relax. That's not a guy. Oh, sorry. Sorry. It Nicholas, is this your first time on the show? Yes sir. Welcome. Welcome. How old are you? I'm 26. 26. How long you been doing standup?


Two And a half years. Two And a half. What do you do for work? I work at a Mexican restaurant. Wow. What do you do at a Mexican restaurant? The bartender. A lot of it's just me going up to Mexican ladies and being like English and they're like, no, that's a lot of it. But most of it's just me serving and you know, getting food back and forth, trying not to get fired. Wow. A white guy serving at a Mexican restaurant. It is going up there like, can I get you some chili? Achilles? Would that be All right? And they go, no. Okay. How long have you been serving at this Mexican restaurant? Four months. Four months. What were you doing before that? Before that I was playing professional rugby. Rugby Professionally? Yeah.


You were getting paid to play rugby 19 bucks an hour. It was 19 bucks an hour. How many hours a week would you do that? Well they paid us for four hours a week. 'cause that was practice, but then we were really doing like 10 hour days every day, you know, film study and all that other shit, so. Wow, that's a brutal game. What's your worst injury? My guy, I popped up my collarbone one time in a rugby game and I was walking off field and another fella come around the weak side and popped it back in and I couldn't move my arm for like a week. It was, it was pretty sick. Made jerking off really hard. Oh, Okay. Yeah. You, you're, I still Did it. But you're left-handed. Yeah, absolutely incredible. Great story.


And then he wrecks it at the end. Yeah. Tough business. Yes, sir. Rugby is a tough business. See you, you Seem a little like, no offense, but you're, you don't have the biggest build I've ever seen for a rugby player. Yeah. I'm fast. I'm really fast. And that helps a lot. You The cheerleader by any chance? Yeah, I did in high school. That was kind of neat. You were a cheerleader in high. Yeah. Yeah. I, it's amazing because I picked up on those energies as well, right? Yeah. I could feel male, male cheerleader energies. Could you give us one of your best cheers. Yeah, I mean, I was a base. I didn't really do any of that. I was just like that. And then I did some fine. Could you give Us one of your most perverted looks? I could do a toe touch.


Okay. Yeah, let's do it. Ladies shoulder. Gentlemen. The first toe touch of the evening. Wow. Absolutely. David Lee Roth in the house. Hi guy. Yes Sir. Go ahead and jump, huh? Player? Yeah. Yeah. Wow, dude. Yeah, I'm absolutely very impressive. Can you do that Again, bro? In slow motion? Yeah. Yeah. My dad's gonna hate everything about what just happened. I'll tell you that. Your dad doesn't like the fact that you were a male cheerleader. He Doesn't like gays. I'll say that. Well, he probably wasn't going to like the show anyway, because I am the host. So let's talk about it.


This is all very interesting. Is your, was the stuff with your grandpa real? Yeah. So he watches Family Feud all the time. I mean, I've never really seen him be like, oh, you know, he's saying the phrase that I said, but he definitely says things he should not. I'll say that. And he thinks Steve is, is cheating somehow. Really? Yes. He thinks that the host is cheating. Yeah. Because the black family actually wins a lot. And that blows his mind every time. Like, he'll sit there and he'll be like, he'll be like, that's on the board. That's on. That's bullshit. That's bullshit in a half. And then he'll be like, the black person will answer.


He be like, Hey, why would anybody think that? And then his ding and he goes, this is bullshit. It gets even more. Oh, I love it. Oh yeah. It is. That is incredible. Do you, you ever video record him watching it? Not at all. You should. I would love to do that. Yeah. That would, that's a great idea. Turn this bit into a fucking reality show. People would love to watch a racist old guy fucking watch the feud. I mean, I, I always say that, like, kind of watching it, if I've been gone for a while, I forget how racist he is, you know? But I, I love my grandpa. Yeah. So when I go back and watch Family Feud, it almost feels like cracking open a cold one after NAA meeting. You know, I'm like, I can't enjoy this. But god damn. Does it hit the spot? Every single time?


Every time. Does he ever watch basketball and yell the same shit at the white people? Yeah. No. He refuses to watch basketball. He is, he does not consider that an American sport, I don't believe, but, wow. And his son plays Australian rugby? Yeah. Oh, I don't know about that one. He wasn't happy. You know, he wants me to be an engineer, but that's, I got a little sad. Oh no, You're doing just fine. Yeah. Thank you. Tony, What's the most racist thing you've ever heard your grandpa say? I actually have an answer. The most racist thing my grandpa ever said. It doesn't even involve the N word. I was at an American Legion with him, And there was this black man there, and I thought, my grandpa's not racist.


He just doesn't like people who are, you know, who don't like the things he likes. If you found a black guy who likes bluegrass, who likes country music and was an ex veteran, they'd get along. And this guy was all of that. And I got into the car with him. I was like, what'd you think of that guy, grandpa? Did you like that guy? 'cause they were having fun. And he goes, that guy, he's fine around those good white folks, but when you put him around his own kind, the jungle just comes out in him, you know? Wow. Absolutely incredible. Just, Alright.


All Right. Yep. Wow. That Is, I pulled my hamstring on that one. That one hurt A little Bit. Oh, dude. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Perfect. What'd you say? D Madness. And I'm glad he did. Oh, shit. No, you can't be mad at him. Yeah. He's not racist. Dee, he's talking about his grandpa Dee. Yeah. You, you just like the fact that he would hurt himself because he has a racist grandpa. Not really. Oh, okay. Perfect. Well, we didn't really get much of anywhere with that talk, Nicholas Hartley, what do you do for fun? What are some hobbies, ears, now that you're out of the rugby game and you're working at a Mexican restaurant, when you're not doing standup, what else do you like to do? I mean, I, I play a lot of Sudokus and Sudo.


I play chess and, okay. I mean, as far as fun, I like to golf. I golf a lot. Okay. Yeah. Very interesting. Do you have a love life? Is there a particular lover out there for you? I Do. I have a lady, she's a gal and I like that. Yep. Big fan of her being a gal and Yep. Yeah, she's a good lady. She's Catholic, and that, that causes some friction between us. Yeah. Why would it cause friction? Well, I, I'm a Protestant and her mother hates me for that, so. Wow. Look at that, Justin. So we don't get Along at all. Whites fighting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. D Madness is happy right now. Yeah. He's smiling ear to ear over here For sure. What's your girlfriend do? Broce.


Well, she's getting her master's in college right now. And Broce, What is she getting her master's in? She wants to be a dietician, you know. Ooh. Is she a bigger girl? No, but she does do CrossFit and she's probably stronger than me right now. And that makes me upset. But Why, have you ever asked her why she wants to be a dietician? Why she wants to work with Yeah. Girls. She wants, she says she wants to help people and like, there's so many other ways you could do that, you know? Yeah. But she just likes food and she likes to help people. She might be fat. I don't know. Fuck. But no, she's a nice lady and I care.


How long have you been with her? Year? Okay. Yeah. All right. Hmm. Yeah. Trying to figure this out. Nicholas Hartley, I find I, I feel like I'm a question away from figuring out something. What scares you? Oh, shoot. Black people. It's unbelievable. We do all that work, Man. What scares me? Shit. I, you know, I really don't like crowded spaces. I really hate crowded spaces because I'm a small guy and I get smooshed into places, you know? That's just a real fear.


But I am also afraid of like heights too. I think I have a lot of fears, to be honest. But You're afraid of heights? Yeah, I'm afraid of heights. When's the last time you were somewhere high? Oh, we went to Colorado one time. And, and You were scared the whole time? Not the whole time, you know, but like, when you get standing on like a ledge and you leaning down, you feel like you're gonna fall. I don't like that at all. All right, Nicholas. Not the best answer. I know, but Have you ever been arrested? Never been arrested, but I should have been several times. What was it? What do you think you should have been arrested for? Well, when I was in high school, me and my buddies would drive around drinking Jack Daniel's bottles, and then we would just chuck 'em out the window and sometimes we'd put like a little $20 bill in them and stuff like that.


Wow. Just set 'em out, like fishing lures, you know? Damn. Interesting. I think I know about a guy that on an exit ramp that saw one of those, and Yeah. Tried to stop real quick, For sure. Flipped his truck. All right. But anything else crazy we should know about you, Nicholas? Any other fun facts about your life? Grandpa was racist. What about grandma? Did you ever hang out with grandma? So, here's the thing with grandma. Okay. Grandma pretends to not be racist. Oh, let's go. So Let's fucking go. We'll Be watching Family Feud and Grandpa's going off and she's like, now Dale. Dale. You can't be saying that around the grandkids, you know?


And then she'll lean over to me 'cause I'm one of her older grandchildren. Go, you know, they're just not as smart as us, you know? Oh my God. And I'm like, grandma, she's a nice lady, but she's got some demons in her, you know? Yeah. She puts on a front, like she's not racist. Yeah. But then she whispers to her little favorites. Yeah. And that's the crazy thing is too, I think they think I'm racist too, because I'm not gonna tell the 80-year-old man, you're wrong for that, you know? Right. So I just go, yeah, actually that's true. Because I went, I was hanging around with my grandpa's friends one time, and he just, coily said he is like, this is my grandson Nick. He's, he's like us. You know? I was like, I, I like bluegrass. I do like Bluegrass Grandpa.


Wow. Big fan of bluegrass. He's, ah, dude, my dad's gonna be so pissed about this. My dad's gonna be so pissed. It's Perfect. That means you're doing something right. Thank You. You ever sit around with the family and watch Wheel of Fortune with the hoods on? Yeah. No, we never, we never done it with the hoods on. We, You will. You will. Yes, sir. Well, Nicholas, congratulations. You got on the show. You did it. Thank You. Thank you. Hot. A little low toss there. Let's have some more fun. Your next bucket pool is from the inside, Ladies and gentlemen.


So it's probably gonna take her a while to Get up here. Make some noise. It is one of you representing this audience. Make some noise for Cassandra Hartford. Everybody. Cassandra Hartford. There she is, right in the middle. Normally a fun fact, the audience signups normally don't do as well as the comedians. That's why a lot of people are leaving right now. These people have to go open up their food truck. They have a food truck that they run together. By the way, shout out to r and b's steakhouse making cheese steaks for us tonight.


Here is Cassandra Hartford. Everybody make some noise for Cassandra. My cousin called me on the way earlier today to let me know how excited she was that she took a ancestry.com test. And we are 12% of the same. DNA, thank God I'm only 12% fat retard. Gosh. Other cousins are black and in jail. So I don't know which one's worse. None of them have ever seen a ballot box. Wait, do they let retards vote in Texas? They do. Yeah.


If you couldn't tell I grew up prejudice. I, I thought everyone with Down syndrome was related. Just one big old family of thumbs. Yeah. Did you guys hear about the, the big bankruptcy? You know, they employ all of the retards in America. What was that? A Hooters. What are, what are we gonna do with all those girls? That's my time. Thank you. Cassandra Hartford. Actually doing pretty good for an audience. Bucket pool. Incredible. You said retard 11 times Stringer. Set. But you know what they say if you are one, you're allowed to say the word.


So congratulations. Welcome. Welcome. This is the first time we've had our own hawk to a girl on the show. This is very exciting. Hawk three over here. We'll call you like a new model of Hawk two up. What brings you to Austin, Texas. Do you live here? I do not live here. I live in Florida. What part of Florida? Melbourne. Just outside of Orlando. Ah-huh Okay. And, and you're just visiting Austin? Just visiting Austin. I came in for a concert. What concert? Penny and Sparrow over at the Paramount. Wow. Yeah, I've never heard of them. What kind of music is that? Little folky, little blues Little, okay. Yeah. You know about them?


Yeah. You know about nothing musically. How do you know about them? I can't remember actually, but no, they're great. They're great. Just, is it girls Music's? Nope. Two dudes. Andy and Kyle. Wow. You're looking at dudes playing music. It's going on over here. Look at my little cultured co-host over here. I never knew you had it in you, huh? They're, they're chill. They're like really cool. I recommend, yeah. Penny and Sparrow. Is it like Country music? Not country Considered folk. Whoa. Their biggest song is called Slaves. There's kind of a theme tonight. I don't know if anybody's catching onto it. Yeah. Trying to get away from the racism thing in my reputation right now.


And episodes like this don't help at all. Yeah, I'm here for a concert. Penny and Sparrow, you might know them from their hit slaves. Couple white guys singing about slaves. Alright. And what's your story? You're married. You have a big, big diamond on that finger. Whoa. How long you been married for? I'm engaged. I've been engaged for about three years. Well, Let, let me just tell you, let me just tell you, there's a theme tonight. I don't know if you've been watching this show, tell me. But you, you better get married because he could, he could die at any point. Why do you think you've been engaged for three years as, and he hasn't pulled the trigger yet?


Well, he already pulled the trigger. I haven't planned the wedding. You, it's up to you now. Yeah. Why are you hesitating on planning a wedding? I just, I, I don't have the intrinsic desire to like, pick the fucking flowers and like that whole like, dress thing. Like, I, I can't be bo It's like, it's me. It's not him. It's me. I'm the problem. He's in for a ride. Yeah. Geez Louise. Yeah. Isn't it every girl's dream to do this? And you're like, you just sound like you don't seem enthused. I Don't like being judged by evil Knievel, first of all. Whoa. Looking back. Whoa. I'll take that. Damn. I'll take that. I love evil Panvel. Oh my God. Just call me Eve Summer's Eve.


Am I right? Juice your mouth. I love it. So what do you do for work? Cassandra? Hartford. Yeah. So it's Hartford. Ford. Ford. Wow. I own a L Correct. Over, Yeah. The fur just gives that 12% retard fur, you know. Okay. Leaning out of that. You got It. There was 18. There it is. You, you, you special trick. Yeah. Yeah. I own a commercial real estate brokerage. Wow. Look at that. And what is your hus husband to be? Do? Manages money. He manages money. Is he good at it?


I think he's pretty good. You have a nice home as a, your commercial real? Yeah. Yeah. Is it good? Okay. Yeah, I'm, I don't live in my car like the rest of the guys that come up, I'm, I'm so sorry. I just, hell yeah. I just get like a regular life Chef. You don't have eight pit bulls? No. What kind of a car do you have? Fucking Tesla. I a Tesla. You don't like your Tesla? I just look like I drive a Tesla. So it's, you know, it's, the Teslas are great. What Do you I fucking love Teslas. But it, everybody That has a Tesla loves it. Yeah. Why you, why do you feel like you're afraid to talk about it or something? Yeah, Because this is the MAGA Convention of Comedy. Right.


Just putting a bullseye on my back. I'm teasing. No, I just look like, I look like what I am. I know. I'm aware. So funny. Tesla was always a liberal car. It used to be. It's so weird. It used to be the funniest thing. What's happened? Saved the planet. Yeah. Everything against oil and gas. Same with all the people that they, that all the good people. Yeah. They considered Maga now isn't that interesting? On Amazon for $15, they have these things where you could take off the Tesla logos and put a Honda Prius on it and people think it's a Honda Prius. Cool. Thanks. So if you want a Honda Prius, Or even in your case, you could put retard on it. Yeah. Yep. And then everyone will know it's you.


It's the retard girl. Cassandra Hartford. What do you do for fun? Cassandra? This You do standup. How long have you been on standup? For? Like Five hours. So you did Like in, in total, you know, like stage time, right? Yeah. So did you perform five hours ago? No. No. No. Like collectively. Five hours. So you wrote that you wrote your six retard jokes and decided to do this today? No. So on stage she's saying on stage. On and on. Yeah. Six times, five hours. He gets it. He's just trying to get me to say a year and a half. Yeah. Red band understood What I said. He understood. No, he doesn't fucking, now I want to hear it from you.


Not from fucking Red Hat. On and off for about a year. Total time. On stage five hours. So you've been, you first went on stage about a year and a half ago? Correct. Okay. Why would you say five hours then? It's Just confusing to me when people like eight years and I'm like, but how much fucking time on stage? 'cause that your Way is so much dumber than their way, by the way. Okay. We don't say dumber, we say. Yeah. I'm trying to, there you go. Yeah. This is, it's a fucking, this is a bleep fest is what's happening right now. People hate the bleep. It's Like an eight minute show today. Yeah. Yeah.


So in a year and a half, you think you've been on stage five hours is what you're saying? Yeah. So I live in a, a smaller market, so there's not a ton of mics and stuff to go up at. Okay. Yeah. Do you have fun when you perform standup comedy? Yeah, I like it. Do you make friends that are comedians? I try to. Do you have more friends in the real estate business or the comedy business? Real estate. It's just 'cause you're working with 'em all day. Yeah. Are you good at selling commercial real estate? Yeah. You are? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So good. I like, I opened a company and I started doing it. You have your own company? Yeah. Right. So good at it that you started your own company. Does it Start with an R and you It's like a, it's like a, it fucking does.


It literally does. Okay, We're down to seven. Where did you meet your husband to be at? We met at a comedy show. At a comedy show. Were you performing? I was not. I had no interest at, at The time. What was the comedy show? Just a mic in Melbourne, Florida. You guys were just at a random open mic together. Yay. And you guys were sat next to each other In the same room and he's hot. So it was kind of like, oh, whoa. And a unicorn. Did He, does he does. He doesn't do standup Though. He does not? No. Okay. No, no, no. You're the funny one in this relationship. Yes.


What are you doing? Or at band? You're doing physical time. You guys didn't realize the whole time she's had her hand in her front pocket playing with her. Why the, why the fuck she playing with her kid the whole time? She's just going like, This whole time. You've got Colton Christie over here here. Very excited about the front pocket acknowledgement on a podcast. Cassandra, most interesting thing about your life before I let you go. Oh God. I was a teen mom. You were Twice. Wow. Yeah. So how old are your kids now? 17 and a half. And 16 and a half. So 17. And what, so They're al almost 18, almost 17. So they're almost adults. Wow. Yeah. My goodness.


Yeah. And who was that guy? You still talk to him When I have to, Right? Is he a good guy? Does he have a steady job? I hope so. You don't know. I mean, no, they, they interact with him, but it's more like a shared, you know, he's, he, yeah, he's a, he's a, we were, we were teenagers. So you know best. And you let him nut inside of you all the time. No. Did you not know how the birds and the bees worked? I Guess not. You didn't? No. When you're kids and you're fucking around and you're making dumb decisions, but he Was finishing inside of you. I'm aware you didn't notice that. There's this weird thing that like some men will do where they'll finish and then keep going because they're so embarrassed by how quick they finished. Ah, yeah.


The old Florida fuckery. Yeah. That's what happens. The Old men A team meatloaf. That's right. The old pepperoni pit set. The old double stuffed crust. The old elephant here. Can I ask, this is kind of an intimate question. Do you mind If Absolutely Daddy Digs a little Deep? Absolutely. If you Were getting deep, daddy wants to get deep Dig. Daddy dig. So you're doing the teenager thing and sometimes when you're a teen Yeah. You don't have a place you can do the deed. So did not to get too, but did you do it in a car or something? Like, did you have fun in a car?


Good Question. I respect that question. No, we was always at his parents' house. Like in the basement or something. Just in a bedroom. In like a race car bed. Yeah. Was it a, were were there posters on the wall? Do you remember if there were posters on the wall Pro? It was dark, You know, it was always dark. It was dark. Okay. Were the, were the parents in the house when you were doing it? Probably, yeah. Probably in the garage ripping cigarettes. That's why he did, he did it so fast. The parents were there. Yeah. Yeah. You got it when the parents were there. Mm. Did you ever do it at your house or was it always at his house? Always his. Why not your house? It was rough. Tell us more. Yeah, It was rough house. My bedroom was the carport of the house that was closed in at some point.


Wow. Yeah. So I didn't realize that the character Jenny, from Pretty Bad from Forrest Gump was based on you. That really is a rough upbringing being raised in a carport. Wow. Wow. Yeah. We never got to have sex at her place. Cassandra lived in a carport, so I had to nut inside of her in my race car bed. That kind of sound like Joe White. Oh, on, On, I nutted Inside of her. Tony, Where's Joe White at?


Get him up here. Where's he at? Some of you might not know, but we have a house photographer that's a hundred, hundred and 75 years old and he has one of the funniest voices you've ever heard. Ah, ah, we couldn't, I have to. Ah, where is he? He's coming up the stairs. Oh, this is gonna take forever. Wow. Oh my goodness. And How about this, this new man? Wait, where is he? Where's this supposed hot fiance of yours? Where's he at? Glasses. Which guy? There he is. Oh, look at that guy. Wow. Look at fucking Clark Kent over here. Holy shit. And How about him? Do you let him finish inside of you like you did?


Like you did the old boy back in the day. Does this guy do the old fucking dumping pump? Does this guy come and keep going at the same time? Does this guy do the old fucking, It's called the Manatee meatloaf. I already Told him. Yeah. The old creme de la creme. The old frosted flake. Wow. The old All right. Where the fuck's Joe White. Okay. Joe White. Here's Joe White, everybody. Here he is. Ladies and gentlemen. There he is. Here he Is. Our photographer. Sins. Wait, don't take her mic. Jo, Joe.


Joe. Give her her mic back. We got a special mic for you. You crazy. Old batty bastard. Let's do a, a version of the Forrest Gump music, but not exactly so that it sets off the YouTube sensors. And then you, Joe, I want you to say, I want you to say, I want you to say we, we, we couldn't have sex at her place because she lived in a carport. Ready? 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4. We couldn't have sex at her place because she lived in a carport. Perfect. Perfect.


If Podcasts gave out Emmy awards, I swear to God, we would win one. I swear to God. Perfect. All right, Cass. Perfect. How about a hand for Joe Whiteley? We love you, Joe. Biggest pimp in the world. Guys. Not a lot of people know this, but he's the one that took the picture at the Last Supper. He's a photographer for Paul Revere back in the day. So many great things. That was him. Here is a a big joke book. Cassandra, we're gonna give it to you even though your set was just, okay.


I like your energy and your attitude. Cassandra heart. Oh. Oh. That's what happens when you keep your hand in your pocket. They're not ready. Cassandra Hartford. Alright, let's get one last bucket. Pull up here. We're in overtime now. All right. Make some noise for Jovan of, or Johann, perhaps, or, All right. Lemme know if this makes you laugh. Okay. So I, oh, okay. So I went to get a physical the other day, right. And I get to the doctor's and I show 'em my insurance card, and they're like, oh, with your insurance we can only check your site and your weight.


So they took me in the back and they made me look in a mirror and just guess how fat I was. I'm like, oh, oh, I'm not that fat. Okay. And they're like, you're definitely gonna need glasses. Okay. So, so there was a lot of hot girls at the library today, but I didn't talk to any of them because it's hard to be charming when you have to whisper. So instead, I just sat down next to one and I read Eating Pussy for Dummies and vigorously highlighted. I swear to God, man, if, if one more person says, I look exactly like George Floyd, I'm gonna lose my shit.


You know me, you, I I'm just a classic incel. I, one time I had sex with a blowup doll on an air mattress. I've never been more outta breath. Holy shit. Wow. Joe Bon of Ladies and Gentlemen, an incredible set. Wow. Perhaps more jokes than we've heard from every bucket pool all night tonight. All in one 62nd set. HARLAND WILLIAMS. Every Joke hit. Yeah. Like every single joke. You got a, a big laugh. So, okay. Way to go, bud. Thank You. Yeah, thank you. Incredible. And you've been on this show before, right? Yeah. Yes. But it did not go that well last time, right?


No, I think, yeah, I think I'm, You're showing growth. It happens. Yes. It's a natural thing. How long have you been on standup? I'm four years. Yeah, Four years. All of it. Here in Austin? No, I, I've two years in Austin, two years in Albany. That's where I'm from. New York. Oh, another upstate New York. Absolutely incredible. Wow. Congratulations on getting out of there. What do you do for work? I'm a, I'm a cook at like a sushi restaurant nearby. Yeah. Oh Hell yeah. Well, that's doesn't make sense. Yeah. Well You don't cook sushi, dude. Yeah, I guess I see your point. I your point I think he's fucking lying. Is what he's doing. Hell yeah. Well It wasn't my first choice. Yeah. Like, I wanted to be a hibachi cook.


'cause like, it's the only job where you get to throw shrimp into black guy's mouths and nobody bats an eye, but Wow. But they wouldn't hire me. Here we Go. Here we go. So I went, so I went sushi. We Almost made, we almost had a big good ending, but we got a chop down another minute now. Incredible. Yeah. So what are you cook? You're basically deep frying wontons at a mame? No, I'm a prep cook and the sauce guy just got fired today. So I got moved up to sauces. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Yes. Sauce guy. What? What? Do you know why the sauce guy got fired? It's a big mystery, but I can only guess, you know. Yeah. Probably putting What would you guess?


Probably putting bad stuff in the sauce. Yeah. There you go. No doubt about it. That's exactly what I was thinking. As soon as, Have you ever seen a sauce squash? That's That's fucking corny. That's fucking corny. What the fuck? Hey, I'm evil kl. I do what I want. Yeah. Yeah. I said have you ever seen a saw squash? What's the best sauce that you're looking forward to making? Oh, There's this really good one. It's like a edamame with jalapenos in it. And it's like, we call it EDJ and it's like, I dunno, it's delicious. I just wanted to call That, why do you call it EDJ Edamame?


Jalapeno dipshit. Well, I see it by put it together. You would say that, which is cool and all Dip shit. But that would make it ej or else you would just go the first two letters of both fucking words. Yeah. EDJA sauce. Okay. Yeah. All right. I see your point. Yeah, I see your, I see your point. Sorry for overreacting. Yeah. Yeah. You're goddamn fucking right. You are Little Fucking little bull dyke bitch. Don't worry about a Ds. Fucking, I give these people a fucking shot. They wanna get a goddamn fucking attitude. Yeah. It's getting a fucking little joke book now. Oh, Come on. I had a big one. You had a little one last time you were on, right?


I'm a Young man doing my best. Gimme a big one, Right? How old are you? 23. All right. Yeah. Come on. 23. How long have, what's the longest set you've ever done? Well, I did 20 minutes on my local phony bone Once upon a time. Yeah. Wow. 20 minutes. And he kind of looks like a bitch. Red band. What are you gonna say? Have you do a, a little set at the Secret show. Oh, really? Say, oh, thank you. That'd be all. There you go. Lovely. Is it Joe Bond? Am I saying that right? Joe Bond. Jovin. Yeah. Jovan Jovan. Congratulations. Oh, shit. Indeed. You are getting a big joke book. Congratulations. There he goes. Joe Bon ab. Very good.


Said Jovan. Sign up again. Joe Bon Folly. Alright, that was fun. There's only one way to end an episode like this, Ladies and gentlemen. And that is with the record holding a Hall of Famer, Ladies and gentlemen, the Memphis Strangler, the vanilla gorilla, the Diablo Ala Dairy Queen. This is the big red machine. William Montgomery. Wow. My favorite Kentucky Derby horse this year was flying a Mohawk.


I love that name. And I think my least favorite name at the Derby this year was JonBenet Ramsey's Killer. I asked Red band if he had a horse, what would he name it? And he said, there goes the neighborhood. That's pathetic. Red band. You fucking idiot. A morbidly obese murderer on death row is arguing that his obesity will c will cause him to suffer when he is executed. And that's bad because Rosie O'Donnell says she has a crush on Lyle Menendez, who along with his brother, has been in prison for the last 35 years for killing his parents.


I know this goes without saying, but Lyle, stay away from that crazy bitch. She'll ruin your reputation, Lyle. Okay, Tony, that's my time. Thank you. Very good. 57 seconds from the master. So I was three seconds off, Tony. Really? It was, it was close. God. 57 seconds. How did fuck, how does that make you feel? Knowing it Sucks, man. I was thinking that was for sure a minute. I was picturing more laughter for some of the jokes, but I was thinking it was gonna be right at a minute. But I was three seconds short. You Did really good. Speaking of short, what are these camo shorts you're rocking tonight?


William. We've never seen this Before. Tony. I was on Facebook, I scrolled through, I had to follow these different Facebook pages and I was scrolling through it and I saw these shorts and I'm like, I gotta get these shorts. And I got the shorts. I got a I'm, I'm doing the shorts. I'm still doing the row machine. I know. I'm at 50,000 meters this month, Tony. I'm at 750,000 meters since January 1st. Whoa. I'm planning on hitting a million in June. Wow. I'm sponsoring Tony. You're gonna be proud of me. I'm sponsoring St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital. Whoa. For What? Each dollar I raise, I have all these different donors and each, each meter I go, they're giving me a dollar.


You have different donors. I have A couple different donors who are willing to do this. Big people who are down with helping children, sick kids. Why are you laughing at that? You fucking weirdo. You're about to be hooked up onto the same machines. Dumb ass when you're dying in the fucking hospital. And I wish I was wrong. I'm trying to get you on the fucking row machine. Dude, your Schwartz looked like they were in Camp Patterson's bedroom. Whoa. Red band recycling jokes from 45 minutes ago. Nailing it. Absolutely crush. How do you do that? How do you remember That? Harlan says 'em to somebody else and then he does 'em. It's incredible. He's like, he's got, he is a master of the craft. It was really funny when the girl was talking about all the death in her life with the car crashes.


He, he was doing good at that red band. You were pretty funny at that. Yes, he was doing good. Thank you, William. I love that there's leaves all over your shirt. Your shorts there. If you ever need to wipe your ass, you can just sit down. I know, I know, I know. I know. I know. Use the shorts. What made you fall in love with those camo shorts? Are you hunting on your knees? No, I'm just, I don't know. Tony Ter boy season. Let's go. Yeah. That's David Lucas Merch. You doing a little? You doing a little duck hunt? No. I went duck hunting once. Tony was the saddest thing. Tell us about it. We need to know. Oh my God. I was with my buddy Ben Jordan, and I remember we were hitting Whippets on the way to his property in Tennessee, and Jordan was hitting him while we were driving, which was scary.


And then we ended up shooting shotgun, shooting skeet. And I think that's why I have tinnitus right now. 'cause we didn't have the earplugs or anything. We ended up, he shot a couple of ducks and I just remember thinking it'd be like two buddies up there flying and then one of 'em just disappears. Yeah. So I can't, I'm never gonna participate again that I'll eat them, but I don't wanna participate. How often do you eat duck? Oh my gosh, Tony. Probably once a week if fucking Wow. Yeah. What? What are some of your favorite duck dishes? Meek Ong duck peeking duck. Okay. Peking duck.


Sounds like you're going off on a little thing here. HoChi min duck. Ooh Ho. HoChi min duck. Yeah. Keep going. Vietnamese duck. Ooh, Donald. Quack. Quack. Quack. Okay. You ever have Korea City duck? Wait. Korea City's not a place. And that was sad. I'm sorry. I love the lighting guy. Tried to jump in on that one. Yeah. Trying to help me. Thank you. Dumbass. You kind of made it worse. You kind of made it worse. Wow. How about Goose? Have you ever eaten goose?


We talked shit Tony there, Goose. Oh no, but seriously? No, I don't like goose. You don't like goose. Have you tried it? Yes. What kind of goose did you have? Oh my gosh. It was a yellow goose. Ooh, yeah. Yeah, it was chocolate. Ooh. A chocolate goose. A chocolate yellow goose. You ever have blue heron? Blue heron? Yes. I love it. Wow. Yeah. Do you? What about Flamingo? Flamingo? Never. No. I was at a restaurant on The other, gave meat The other, I mean, Come on, flamingos. They're pink. What do they even sound like? Whack. Quack. Yeah.


Wow. Red band's been waiting a long time for a gay flamingo. Wow. Absolutely incredible. Weirdly enough, that's what his mom was doing. Oh my dick last night. Oh, Serious. They have, Whoa. It's like a gagging kind of that weird bird kind of shit. It was so weird. Yes. Oh, She did do that, didn't she? I'm sorry. Red van. I've been trying to be nicer, but when you kind of went after the sick kids, it was kind of fucked up. Seriously. You're very excited about this partnership with St.


Jude. What are some of the ailments that these kids have? Yeah, we talk in lymphoma. We are talking brain cancers. We're talking bone cancers. We're talking different kinds of blood cancer. What's the real popular blood cancer Lymphoma? No, but there's another one. Oh, what Else is it? Leukemia. Leukemia. Yes. A lot of leukemia. How about, are there any more cancers that you could rattle off? Shit. Maybe a little skin cancer. No, I have skin cancer right now, so I shouldn't say that. Oh, what? What kind of skin cancer do you have? Fuck. Oh, my left arm. Skin cancer.


We're trying to get the party started here. We're trying to get a little momentum. I Know. I messed up with the duck thing. I was trying to think of different Asian cities, Tony, but I didn't work. What do you got like melanoma on your arm? My Guy? Well, I don't know yet. It's just an itchy pimple. And that's how the other one started. Really? Yeah. Did you get a biopsied? Not yet. Oh wow. I'm scheduled to go in June. Really? Can I come? If you want. I'd love to see Some. You'd be nice to me in there. I need some support in there. I get scared of it. I'd love to go with you to your biopsy. My guy. Okay. Oh, what a treat. Well, thank you. Seriously. Thank you. You're very welcome. 'cause I'm not gonna be there.


Red band laughed pretty hard at that. I don't know if you caught that one. Yeah, I thought I heard 'em. I thought I heard 'em. Yeah. No, I'll be there, guy. I'll be There. Okay. Thank you. I'll go with you, my guy. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Incredible. We'll do whatever we have to do. If that itchy pimple turns out to be skin cancer, I'll buy you shoes. A New pair of Of shoes? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. My favorite pair of Nikes. Well, thank You. Absolutely. Now, let me ask you this. Let's say you do end up getting diagnosed with skin cancer. Ooh. And they say, look, we could treat you, but the only place we could treat you is St.


Jude's Children's Hospital. And unfortunately, all the beds are filled right now. And it turns out that your plan of rowing for the children backfired because you raised so much money for the kids rowing that there's no longer a bed available for you. What would you say to the kids out there that have cancer at St. Jude's? I have made you motherfuckers $3 million since January. I get it. You have leukemia or something, but you're gonna have to get out of the fucking bed. My uncle lives in Memphis. I have a dear uncle who lives in Memphis. He can live in his pool house, live in the pool house.


Because I get this bed. I'm gonna be the first adult ever to be, be I get it. Receiving the services at St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital. I will be the first adult. So you have to leave little man and go to my fucking uncle's pool house. And what if he says, please, sir, please, please stop saying that. I really need this. But tape him Down. What if he says, please stop. I'm gonna fucking get my knife out of my pocket and run it along his foot and say, I don't think you want this thing in your fucking foot, dude. Get out of your bed. Get into the wheelchair.


Get into my aunt's car and go to my uncle's pool house. 'cause that's where you're gonna die. Dumb ass. Absolutely. Perfect way to end tonight's episode. This has been, believe it or not, the number one live comedy show in the world. KILL TONY. Ladies and gentlemen, How about one more time for the Silver Goat HARLAND WILLIAMS? Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Bless. Check out, of course, you probably already are, but make sure you check out the Harland Highway, the funniest podcast out there without a doubt. Guest of the year, Harland Williams, reigning defending. Shout out to Jay Styles and Sean Greenberg for joining the band tonight.


One more time for D Madness. Michael Gonzalez, Fernando Castillo, Raul Vallejo, Carlos Sosa. The drawing from Ryan JE Belt is in it is of Harland Williams and it is incredible. Check that out. That looks a lot like evil Knievel to me. That is Let's evil. Let's see what Chris Rogers drew up tonight. Ooh, A little Casey Rocket. It's been a while since we've seen the Sweet Crab Man, Casey Rocket out there touring all around the world. Business is booming red ba, check out the sunset strip atx.com every Thursday. Secret show. Love you guys. Absolutely. We will see you guys soon. Madison Square Garden, it's still a few tickets remaining and I'm doing standup the night before me and some of your favorite characters on the show doing standup comedy at Madison Square Garden.


I don't know if you guys know this, but last time I was there I got into a little bit of Trump Trumps, so it'll be fun to be back at my favorite arena in the world, the most famous arena in the world. Tickets are on sale now. Tony HINCHCLIFFE dot com and yeah, that's about it. Live audience. Thank you guys. We love you. We'll see you guys soon. Thank you. Good night everybody.


The Sunset Strip Comedy Club in Austin, Texas is now over. Check out Red Band Secret show every Thursday. Go to sunset strip atx.com for tickets.


Stepping into the Kia K four or K five isn't just getting behind the wheel of any average sedan. It's stepping into what's next with a K four. It's stepping into a world that's exciting with a K five. It's one that's bold. The Kia K four and K five. The next movement for sedans, see your local Kia dealer or visit kia.com to learn more Kia movement that inspires. Call 803 3 3 4 KIA for details. Always drive safely.