(1s):
Hey, this is Red Band, and you're listening to the DEATHSQUAD Podcast Network. This episode of KILL TONY. And every episode of KILL TONY can be found at DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now on Spotify and Apple Podcast If, you wanna check out Tony Hinchcliffe website? go to Tony Hinchcliffe dot com, everything. Golden Pony, including his tour dates at Tony Hinchcliffe dot com. If you want to check out the Sunset Strip or get some DEATHSQUAD merch Merch, go to DEATHSQUAD dot tv. And now here's a brand new episode of KILL TONY.

(34s):
This episode is brought to you by The Weather Channel. It's suggested that brands avoid using sound effects and podcast ads. And remember to speak in a chill tone. Well, here's a suggestion for everyday life. Tap into the Weather Channel app. It's loaded with insights that help you manage your allergies. Breathe easy and use Your outside voice. What in the weather are you waiting for? Be a force of nature with the Weather Channel App.

(1m 3s):
This episode is brought to you by Amazon. The holidays are here and You know what that means. It's time to get your friends and family the gifts they deserve. Take the stress out of shopping with Amazon's great deals and low prices on a huge range of items. From toys to tech, and much more. Whoever you're gifting for, Amazon has great prices on everything you need. This holiday season, shop early holiday deals. Now.

(1m 29s):
This episode is brought to you by United Airlines. When you wanna make the most of your vacation book With United, they're an airline that cares about your travels as much as you do. United is transforming the flying experience with Bluetooth connectivity screens power at every seat and bigger overhead bins to help fit everyone's bag. And with their app, you can skip the bag. Check line, get live updates, and more. Change the way you fly. Book your next trip today@united.com.

(2m 3s):
Hey, this is Red Band coming to your live from MADISON SQUARE GARDEN for a brand new episode of KILL TONY. Give it up for Tony. Who's ready for the best fucking two nights of their lives.

(2m 46s):
Fuck yes. MADISON, SQUARE GARDEN. Oh Shit. This is Brian Redban, Ladies. and gentlemen, we Started this show in front of 15 human beings with four signups in the belly room of the Comedy Store. And now We are here. Live from MADISON, SQUARE GARDEN. Unbelievable. How about one more time for Jelly Roll, Ladies and gentlemen, and let's keep it going. The best damn band in the land groove line horns. Raul Vallejo, Fernando Castillo, Carlos Sosa, the Return of Jet Ski.

(3m 31s):
Jesse Johnson, Nicholas Roth House on Percussion. And our drummer, the great Michael Gonzalez. Joining The band tonight, one of the top young rising musicians in the world. Marcus King, our guitarist, Matt mulling, the band leader, Jon Deas. And his first time ever in New York City. Ladies and gentlemen, that's D Madness. If you're facing the wrong way, de for the love of God, you gotta be kidding me.

(4m 18s):
I, I don't know if they plan these things, but sometimes the comedy just flies facing Jon Deas, soaking it all in. We have a lot of Amazing show for you. This is a very special night. And before we get started, here's a little bit more from the amazing sponsors that made it all possible. Ladies and gentlemen, this is MADISON SQUARE GARDEN. This is a show based in Austin, Texas. So while I have a lot of great New Yorkers scattered throughout the show, my two guests live with us in Austin, Texas.

(5m 1s):
Ladies and gentlemen. Introducing First Make Some Noise for one of the best comedians in the world. This is SHANE GILLIS Oh My God. Shane Is back. And why don't we keep that energy Going for the great and powerful JOE ROGAN.

(5m 44s):
Let's fucking go. Oh yeah. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN is on its mother fucking feet. Woo. The place is a ruckus. This is so insane.

(6m 26s):
I think I was on episode seven. Yeah. What episode was I on? What was the first one I Did? It was a long time ago. It was in the, it was no one there. It was in the little room at the Ice House. Yeah. Yes, it was in the tiny room of the Ice House. Oh, My, God. There's 20 people in that crowd. It's unbelievable. Now, here we are. This is so Bananas. It's so much fun. So exciting. Joe's new special just came out on Netflix on Saturday night. SHANE GILLIS been working in the writer's room for Tires. Season two. Nice enough to join us. So great to have You guys. You guys know how the show works.

(7m 6s):
I have a bucket filled with hundreds and hundreds of names. It's never been this thick before. I didn't get an actual number. We're the comedians that make some noise. They're over there. There's signups scattered throughout the audience. There's people all over the fucking place that signed up. You know how it works. If I pull their name out, they get 60 seconds uninterrupted You. know the Time's Up. and you have the sound of a kitten. Listen to that little tiny kitten. Play it again. Red band. Adorable. That means they have to wrap it up then, or else they bring out the Angry West Hollywood Bear. Wow. Very powerful Bear. A tiny little cat and a massive fucking New York bear.

(7m 47s):
I don't know what the gay part in New York City is, but I'm sure I'll find out by the end of the night. We're just calling it the West Hollywood bear. Ha ha ha ha ha. So that's how it works. I'm going to prepo a name for bucket Pool. Number one. We're going to wrangle them from over there. And while that happens, Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to introduce a brand new, very special MADISON SQUARE GARDEN part of the show that has never been done before in the history of the show. This is a legends bucket, Ladies and gentlemen. Oh, yeah. And out of this bucket I pool, Ladies and gentlemen, this is a guy who like us, started at the Comedy Store.

(8m 36s):
A man who like us, but not like us, was the first ever comedian ever in the world to sell out. MADISON SQUARE. GARDEN gracing us with a set live here. I present to you the heavyweight king of comedy. This Is Andrew d, clay, subway, violence, city bikes, zombies in the streets, smoking crack pipes, pizza bagels, and summertime titty.

(10m 18s):
I wouldn't wanna be nowheres else. This is New York. Fucking city. Ow. Madison Square. Fucking God. And how the fuck are you? And I see they took your phones. You all Jones in. You can't get enough of your phone all fucking day. Looking down. I, I got a text earlier today from my friend Joey. He goes, what are you doing? So I, I say, I'm going to Subway for a Turkey sandwich. All of a sudden I get another text.

(10m 59s):
Joe liked you getting a Turkey sandwich. What the fuck would I care what he likes? I mean, what kind of world have we turned into? Facebook. Everybody wants to be connected. Why? Because Zuckerberg, she who's living on his own private fucking island, and you are all connected. Let me tell you something. We hate each other. We don't want be together. I I got a dm. 'cause you can't even get rid of anybody. Today I get a DM from a girl I went with when I was 17. She, like, I, I heard you doing Really Good.

(11m 42s):
So I wrote back, I heard you was dead. I hoped you were dead. 'cause you are a no good fucking whore. Yeah, we, we don't wanna be connected. You know how it feels when you get in the elevator, right? And there's nobody there. Greatest feeling in the world. And then here comes somebody running down the hall. Can you hold that? We all do the same thing, right? We're hitting the gate. Yeah. And you're hitting the close button. Yeah. Come in. Yeah, go ahead. And then right before the door closes, we all do the same thing.

(12m 23s):
and you grab the door. Fuck you. Who the fuck are you to me living on the same floor for eight years? Never said hello. This is a great fucking cat. How you doing, honey? Remind me to pinch your tits after the show. Yeah, you could DM me any fucking time you want with those big fucking pig tits. Very nice. See, that's why don don't understand why there was ever a me too You. know what I mean? Chicks are crazier today than they ever were. Your whole fucking life. Think about it. You know. Like today, women hardly even wear makeup. You know all their jewelry is down here in the pink lip lagoon, That when they take their jeans off, you could go blind from diamonds, rubies.

(13m 15s):
They got a string of pearls hanging outta their asshole. Three blocks long. You could go down on a chick during this recession and come up a wealthy fucking guy. Look, I've been around for a while. 40 years ago, 40 years ago, when you told the chick to get on top, he would come a slow moving fucking leg, nearly breaking your hip with her kneecap. And then she would just lay there like, she's waiting for a fucking bus Today. Today, When a chick gets on top, she knows they stand over you.

(13m 57s):
They look down at you with disgust and disdain. And they don't just sit on your cock. They squat down like a dog taking a dump in the fucking park with those big fucking horse tits banging in your face. And that big fat ass banging your balls till that black and blue. I mean, how do you think Tempur-Pedic became the number one bet in the world? And then you take a picture of your bulls, right? and you just put it on the internet and you become a superstar. Like, like this, like the hawk toy girl.

(14m 40s):
You got to spit on that thing. And then you You know where I take it. I take it that she comes home, You know to her parents who, who remember her reveal party with the little pink smoker. Oh, it's gonna be a little girl. And there she is, five years old with her little pink dress and 10 years old in the jumper and sweet. Fucking 16, and then 18. And then here she comes home from college at 21 with a degree in sucking dick. And her father's going, I want you to get a job at Starbucks.

(15m 24s):
And she's like, I make 75 KA week on OnlyFans. You gotta work at fucking Starbucks pop. Do you understand? This girl has every deal where she's got a three picture deal at Paramount, her own reality show. She's got the hot toy, hot sauce. She's got her own, she sells more merch. And her net worth is more than everybody on our fucking panel tonight. But what bothers me about the whole thing is What bothers me about the whole thing is You know it was too quick.

(16m 6s):
The little that's like a piece of paper you're spitting outta your mouth. Let me tell you something. When a girl could hock a luie from across the room and hit the tip of your dick like a sniper, when she could stand over you and drizzle her spit all over you cocking balls like it's a hot fudge sundae. And then you choke fucking up as she's looking at you and the miscarriage fucking falling. And then with the again and drooling like a fucking Saint Bernard with the spit dripping outta her mouth, down her chin, off your dick balls, making your fucking wooden floors fucking bubble.

(16m 56s):
Then I say, you deserve a movie deal. And only then ha two, we. But this is the thing that I'm, I'm trying to get across tonight. Tony is gonna pick some names out of a hat that might be in the back or some jerk Lord sitting in the crowd out there. But before, before you decide to be a road warrior, listen to me take a little friendly advice from dicey dice twice as nice Before you decide to catch all those flights around the country.

(17m 53s):
The flights that are delayed. The flights where you sit on the tarmac for three hours in the middle seat next to some asshole with a backwards baseball cap and his laptop and his Spider-Man fucking backpack. and you got some 7-year-old behind you kicking your fucking sleep while you're trying to sleep. And three hours into waiting on the tarmac, they go, oh, the flight is canceled. 'cause the pilot's too fucking drunk. Now you gotta catch a fucking ride. Get a rent a Camry, an old fucking Camry that smells like piss with balding tires and drive from fucking LA to Reno with a fucking chain knife that you don't get mugged by a fucking motorcycle gang in the middle of the fucking desert.

(18m 44s):
And then you finally wind up 10 hours later at the Holiday Inn Express, where you sit in a fucking chair to sleep. 'cause you don't wanna get the bedbugs. And then you come down in the morning for the free buffet that all the slobs in the hotel already coughed and sneezed on these old crusty fucking eggs. And now you're in a, in a liquor room that they converted into your fucking dressing room with mice running around. And then you go out and you give it your all for 15 fucking drunk people. And if you're a girl comic, there's gonna be at least one guy going, show us your texts.

(19m 25s):
And then when you come back in the dressing room, after you show, here comes the waitress going, I got your chicken fingers already. And guess what? We just got in the hot toy. Hot sauce. So before you decide to do that, girls, why don't you just take yourself to the neighborhood laundromat, hop up on a warm fucking dryer, pull your legs all the way back and queef to the Star Spangled Banner as you squirt like a Super Soaker into the face of some poor fucking guy folding his underwear.

(20m 7s):
Boom Superstardom. In a month, you'll be sitting on the panel with Gil Tony right next to fucking Tony. You've been a great crowd. Enjoy the show. God bless, good NIGHT. ONE of the greatest comedians of all time. Andrew Dice, clay Ladies and gentlemen, you could do better than that. Make some fucking noise for dice. What a way to get the show started. Now, believe it or not, a poor soul has to do 60 seconds after that.

(20m 42s):
This episode is brought to you by United Airlines when you wanna make the most of your vacation book. With United, they're an airline that cares about your travels as much as you do. United is transforming the flying experience with Bluetooth connectivity screens power at every seat and bigger overhead bins to help fit everyone's bag. And with their app, you can skip the bag. Check line, get live updates and more. Change the way you fly. Book your next trip today@united.com.

(21m 11s):
Hey guys, what you're listening to currently, this is a commercial promoting the Pete and Sebastian show. This podcast Chronicles the life of Pete Corelli, comedian, writer, actor, and myself, Sebastian Maniscalco. What are your credentials? Fucking Dero movies. My credentials are this cast. It's a show like no other. Yes, we do have amazing banter together, but You know we just implemented right now. We implemented guest such as, yeah, we had freaking Jay Leno, bill Burr, the great Andy Garcia. Jake Johnson. I mean, come on. The list goes on. The list goes on. It's gonna continue going on, on and on and on. This is cutting edge comedy, cutting edge coming direct to you in your headphones. We will see you there. Thanks for listening to the Pete and Sebastian show.

(22m 2s):
We go to the actual bucket, make some noise for Heidi Ladies and gentlemen, now to the bucket we go. We're going to meet a human. This could be their first time ever doing standup. It's definitely guaranteed their first time performing in MADISON, SQUARE GARDEN. 60 seconds Uninterrupted goes to Corey. Albert Ladies and gentlemen. And here we go. Corey. Albert is first out of the bucket on KILL TONY.

(22m 44s):
60 seconds. Holy shit. MADISON, SQUARE, GARDEN. What the fuck's up? Yeah. Alright guys. I am recently single. I just got into a breakup, so I'm dating again, which fucking sucks. Dating nowadays is the worst in history. I say it's harder to date now than it was during the Holocaust. At least when you dated during the Holocaust, it was real easy to get a girl's number. Is that a three, two? Fuck it. Let's go back to my place and shower. It also sucks 'cause I no longer get blow jobs. And those are my favorite thing.

(23m 25s):
I still remember my first blow job. And the only reason I remember it is because of the day. It was a day I could never forget. September 11th, 2001, fifth grade, under the bleachers. I think this chick had some sort of fixation on tragedy. 'cause she was twice as horny. She grabbed my head, pushed me down first and said, the towers aren't the only thing going down. And that's still the sexiest thing I've ever heard to this day. And then she went down and don don't know how long she was there for, but I think we already invaded Iraq. Wow. Exactly. 60 seconds from Corey. Albert covering some of the great tragedies in the history of civilization. All in 60 seconds.

(24m 6s):
Corey, grab that microphone. You're here. You're in it right now. I know, man. Until Corey. Dude, I fucking had no idea. This is crazy. Yeah, I could see you freaking out when you're moving away from the logo. I Don't wanna, I don't wanna dirty it. You know. I know, I know. You were freaking out, bro. Well, you did a good job though. You hung in there. Thanks Man. I appreciate it. Holocaust at nine 11 while shaking visibly. Yeah. I mean, you went out there sre. You had me up after dice, I mean, Right, right. True. That's crazy. Come true. How? How weird is this experience? What was that? How weird is this Experience, dude, it's fuck. Like I've never seen this many people in front of me before.

(24m 47s):
That sounds about right. How long have you been doing standup comedy, Corey? Since 2019. So depending if you count Covid, I guess almost six years. What do you do for a living? I work it for a school. For a school? Yep. Okay. Well That's done. I'm going. It's definitely Done, dude. They definitely didn't teach you how to count. I love it. And what do you do for fun? Tell us more about your actual life. Cory. You live here in New York City? I Live in Connecticut over by Mohegan. I know you hate Connecticut. I know I do too. Like Connecticut people. But it's a fake state. But it is a fake State.

(25m 27s):
It's a highway. I agree. It's a highway between Boston and New York. Sorry. One of my best friends lives in Connecticut. Lives on a highway. It's not a real state. What do you do for fun out in Connecticut? I mean, I work on my car. I try. There's nothing to do there. Why are you asking him questions? Drink a lot. It's a fake state. Watch Joe Rogan's podcast. You work on your car. What kind of car do you have, Corey? I have a Mustang. I know. I'm gonna get hate for that. Wow. Look at you. I know, I I know I, that's what it thinks. You goddamn communist. I know. Yeah. Who the fuck hates a Mustang? No, it's a car.

(26m 7s):
New York City hates car owners. That's what it is. Hey, Take a train like I do. I love it. What y What year is your Mustang? 2010. 2010. Oh, now that's a shitty year for a Mustang. Oh yeah. It's shitty. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's why you're working on it all the time. I Built it pretty much so. and you Was hung in there. Two more years. You've been Okay. What's Your love life like? You talked a lot about dating and Shit. Oh man, it's not good. I You know. I've been cheated on with gay men. Stabbed. Yeah. It's been real good. You've been cheated on with gay men? Yeah. She Left for a gay guy. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, did I clear Finish that sentence? Yeah. Yeah. She, I was saying by Who like is is the worst things you could envision.

(26m 50s):
I've probably lived it. She left for He's not gay though. He is. He has a grinder. What? He has a grinder. A grinder. One of my gay friends found it. Maybe he's Just a whore. Maybe he's just a gay whore. But he doesn't do gay stuff. Otherwise maybe. Maybe he doesn't like it, but he is willing to do it for money. Does that make you feel better about her breaking up with you? I mean, once I found out he was a Noah Kahan fan, it made me feel better. Most interesting thing that's ever happened to you in your entire life, Corey? I mean, aside from this? Yeah, aside from this, I went to Niagara Falls, did some shows in Canada, which was really fun. 'cause I've never really been to Canada other than when I was like 13. So Performing at Niagara Falls is the most exciting thing that's ever happened to you in your life.

(27m 35s):
Don. Don't live an exciting life, man. We grew up skateboarding. This shit ain't fucking that exciting. Yes, you are correct. You do not have an exciting life. I can confirm that. But I'll tell you what, you were the first bucket pool tonight. You These have special bones, eye handmade leather joke books with a Statue of Liberty, with a skull on 'em. and you got one buddy. Thanks so much, guys. Good job, dude. Thank you. Thank You. guys, Make some noise here. First bucket poll of the night. Corey. Albert. And the show has completely begun. We are in full effect. And now, while coming off of talking about Niagara Falls in Canada, I'm going to bring up a golden ticket winner.

(28m 17s):
Ladies and gentlemen, who is from Toronto, Canada, Yuba, to witness the most monumental moment of his life. We haven't seen him in a while. He's been very excited about this. This is a brand new minute from Jared. Nathan. Here we comes. And here we go.

(29m 3s):
If you can't tell, it's like looking at my face. I'm huge wrestling fan. Finally, I was on the subway last night. I heard the announcement. If you see something, say something by time I say something, it'll be too late.

(30m 4s):
Bitch. Bitch. And the is a blessing and a curse. Good thing is hang up on me. The bad thing is, or a Chinese food.

(30m 45s):
It's fucking broccoli box. Joy. Don't forget the fucking cookie you shake. Oh, My. goodness. I was with you until the end. Wow. Really? Put a little ribbon on it there at the end. Oh, My. goodness gracious. Four balls of fire. What? Full balls a fire.

(31m 25s):
There, you go. Absolutely. Four balls of fire. Four full balls. Where the fuck song is, man? Jared, that was a fucking great set. Let's talk about it. Very Solid, Jared. Very solid. That was very funny, dude. Really? Thank you. Truly, truly an insane, insane dismount. But who are we to judge on it? You know. Yeah. You know I'm not, You keep using the Dismounting shot himself in the shin. Yeah. You keep using words like that. You might end up on panel someday. I followed You. know, Whatever you just said. I'm sure it makes sense.

(32m 5s):
Alright. Most of the set was interrupted by Shane asking me what your condition is. Well, I gotta be honest. And this is coming from a guy who gets this a lot. Do you, do you have Down syndrome? I am not your cousin daddy. But you do love grilled cheese, don't you? I love Grilled cheese, obviously. I love grilled cheese. Jeez. Jared and hot dogs. Nathan And hot dogs. Oh yeah. Shout out hot dogs. Just make sure hot dogs didn't get disrespected to hot dogs. Had to get the hot dogs in there.

(32m 46s):
Hot to you. Don't want the hot dogs mad at you. No, I love it. Jared, you've never done a show this big before in your life. How do you feel being here in New York City at the Mecca, the most famous arena in the world? MADISON. SQUARE. GARDEN. I feel fucking amazing. Tony, You must be confused because it's neither a square nor a garden. Probably not what you expected at all. I can't find a fucking rose anywhere. That's right. Absolutely not. A rose to be found. So what's going on in your life jar? It's the last time we saw you. I'm living life Tony.

(33m 27s):
I have. I have album on series, Sam. I'm doing shows all over. No better time to have an album on SiriusXM than right now. Tony I. don don. Don't know if You know this. I just learned that he's now roommates with that little crab guy. Ricky, what's his name? Ricky Barick. He's a very PO famous, They're not roommates like he do together. Why would you bring that up? Because It's pretty crazy if you find Super crazy. I have no idea who the fuck you're talking about. He's here. Where? At MADISON. SQUARE GARDEN right now. I know. Hey, I don't know if You know who his roommate is.

(34m 8s):
Tony, I got this laugh. But are you, are you fucking retarded dude? Jesus Christ. He's a celebrity. He's He's a May. Thank you red band. I was wondering how long it would take for you to be Absolutely Mor Sha. What the fuck? Okay. Put your microphone down. Very good. Hey, Jared. Hello. Tony. Hello. How's it going? Great. Fantastic. Anything else you wanna say or anything else? I wanna say One Thing. One, one thing. Can I do one thing? Yeah. I Love you. You brought a lunchbox up here. I bought A lunchbox. Okay. Corey, here it is. What's he gonna pull out?

(34m 48s):
Candy. No, don't eat that. Whatever that is. No, no, no. Jared, what are you doing? What the fuck is that, Jared? Okay, Jared, we're you're alive right now. Why? You Never stutter. Why would you eat a juju? Be, dude, I look like on the edge motherfucker. Hony, I love you. I just want, is that something to you behalf of all the faculty people out there? You a huge, for a community. You open up doors to everybody.

(35m 28s):
Disabilities live a dream of telling jokes. Yeah. So Tony present to you the first annual Hard R Award. Award. Oh wow. I found something. I assembled your face. So Amazing. That's, Can I get the deal? Yeah. Thank you. Absolutely incredible. Tony hits this heart. R Award, hard R award. Yes. Thank you Jared. Thank you Tony. I'm gonna remind people that I won this. Thank you, Logan. Make some noise for Jared. Nathan, Ladies and gentlemen.

(36m 9s):
Jared, throw that mic in the middle of the red circle. Would ya? How about one more time for Jared. Nathan Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to back to a real bucket poll. Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna meet somebody all together now. Again, very crazy high pressure situation for a normal comedian to do a venue like this. And let's see what happens. 60 seconds uninterrupted goes to Alex ov. Alex Philco is next on KILL TONY. Here he comes. Everybody make some noise for Alex. Everyone New York.

(36m 54s):
How we feeling? Let's go, baby. I'm so happy to be here. Came here from Philly, man. Hey There. you go. Nah, nah, nah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Cho cho chill. Yoni. This this morning, right? This morning. I came here, man, I got a haircut. That's the first thing I did, right? I went to the shop, I sat down and I realized something. You know. I realized that being a barber is a lot harder than it looks, right? 'cause how do you gently stroke someone's hair and not fall in love?

(37m 34s):
I'm playing. Right, right, right. No, no. Listen, listen, it's 'cause I went to a fancy salon, right? Fancy salon. This girl, she sat me down, right? She sat me down. She did everything. She washed my hair. I was like, whoa. I don. Done got the money for that. Come on now. Give back to me. Damn. All right, bro. Y no messing with y'all. No messing with, all right, bro. Oh shit. Here We go. And it has begun. The dark side of KILL TONY is amongst us. That's crazy. It is crazy, isn't it Alex? How long have you been Shane? Go Birds. Alex, how long have you been attempting standup comedy?

(38m 15s):
I've been attempting for like nine months. Nine months? Yeah. Where, where do you live? Where'd you start? So, I live in Philly. I do. I think I chose the wrong joke. Yeah. Yeah. Shout Out Joel l Embiid. Let's get it please. We're witnessing a heel turn from Shane Gillis right now. Okay. So you live in Philly? Yes. How's it going for you? There? Are you funny there? I hope so. You know. I try. Try my hardest. Do you get, are you like the boo guy there? This you got booed? No. No. Never booze? Never. Yeah, never. Booze. Only here The first time at MADISON.

(38m 55s):
SQUARE. GARDEN. Oh yeah. It's the first time for everything. So nine months attempting standup comedies. Stick with me, Alex. It's okay. Just ignore them. What do you do for a living? So I go to college. How old are you, Boo. Hold up. What kind of college? What? What kind of college? Four year? Yeah. What's, what's the school? Oh, They hate. They hate four year colleges. No. Do you, do you have a car? I do have a car. What kind of car? You have a Car? No, I'm a, I drive A BMW.

(39m 40s):
Oh. My. God. I feel like it's just gonna keep getting worse and worse. What? What are you trying to get your degree in? Business. Nice go. Nice go. Okay. Here's your chance for redemption right now. Right here in this moment. You've got nothing but booze. They seem to keep getting bigger and bigger. Hey, tell us focus. What is the most likable thing about you? How can you win over this crowd in New York City? Give us a fun fact about you that will make them all love you right now. I play hockey in high school.

(40m 25s):
Alright, I'm gonna give you one more chance up. Yeah. Lean into it. Dude. You're getting boot at the garden. That's actually pretty sick, dude. Hey bro. I'm going into it, bro. This is what I'm kicking. Came here for, bro. Come on. You came here to get booed at the garden. If it works, it works. Bo attention is publicity. Oh, that na boo. Now I'm booing you, boo. Oh. My. God. That's just bad theory. Yeah, That's what pang dang thought. Ah, Okay. What do you think is I, I gave you a lot of shots here. What do you think is the most unlikeable thing about you before I let you go?

(41m 10s):
Oh, well, apparently my personality, I Love this fucking crowd tonight. You guys are Funny. Holy Shit. That was good. They cheered on the fact that you suck. Well, we got little joke books for a reason. Alex, this is for you buddy. It's gonna be a long drive home in that Beamer tonight. There he goes. Ladies and gentlemen, you live or die by the sword. This is KILL. TONY.

(41m 51s):
Kill or be killed. And that was Alex ov Alex, get the fuck outta here. Stop fucking You. know what I found out about fur coats. They're hot. They give You comfort when people are eating shit. You're just like, ah. I'm just, I love it. Craziness Here. What do you say? We get back to this legends bucket, huh? Wasn't that fun? Excuse Me. Oh. My. God You know New York has a lot of iconic comedians. A lot of them I consider to be like big brothers to me. This is truly, if you've ever seen him before, You know one of your, all of your favorite comedians, one of their favorite comedians.

(42m 35s):
One of my favorite comedians, one of my great friends. Let's make some noise from multiple time KILL TONY guest and one of the all time best in the world working today. This is Big Jay Oakerson. Wow, Tony. This is impressive dude. How about a round applause. One more time for Alex. Who was just up here. Come on, come on.

(43m 16s):
That poor son of a bitch was doomed to fail. He followed a handicapped guy's amazing speech before I go handicapped can do anything. And then that guy came up here with his beautiful working face and body. You hated him from the get go. It's okay. I'm having a rough week. I found out for the first time my 21-year-old daughter's dating and she's five foot 11. So I was like, black dude, right? And then she goes, well he is half black. And I was like, ah. And then she went, he's half Hispanic. And I went both.

(43m 58s):
I'm processing it. It's fine. I'm sure he is a good dude. And I'll have some fun new bits about my black son-in-Law. Also, a black grandchild would be a nice look for me. If I'm being completely honest. I get called racist a lot because of comedy. So a black grandchild will be a nice look for me. I hope it's a boy with a strong black name like German Anthony. And then all my head shots are gonna be me, just corn, rowing his hair. Take pictures in our Jordans together.

(44m 40s):
I'm gonna throw al. Oops. J Anthony hoops. Like thanks pop up. So she's dating black dudes who gives a shit? It's better than the alternative. My friend told me, don't worry about who your daughter dates. She'll be fine. 'cause girls always look for a guy that reminds 'em of their father. I go, I hope that's not true. I like to finger girls assholes when they suck my dick. I don't want that for my baby, for my sweet angel. No, that was fine for her pig mother. But that was different. I can get two in there too. She was loose as a goose. Her farts never made noise. But not my angel.

(45m 23s):
Plus, you ever see how long black dude fingers are? No way, Jose. Fuck that. You're gonna scratch our trachea. Throw her asshole back off. Arsenio. He's gotta pull it out like this. Sorry Mr. O, I don't wanna meet like this New York fucking Tony Hinchcliffe. Thank you so much for letting me be even a small part of this dude. Thank you. It means so much to me, Ladies And gentlemen. I'm proud of you man. Truly one of the best comedians working today. Gracing us with his presence. How loud can this place get for the great Big j Oakerson? Thank You guys. So awesome. Thank you Big J, the fucking man.

(46m 5s):
Thank you brother. Alright, now somebody's gotta follow that out of the bucket. Section 2 26, row four. This is the KILL TONY debut, Ladies and gentlemen, bucket pool number three of Tyler Matthews. Here we go. 60 seconds uninterrupted for Tyler Matthews. Woo. I was raised at Jehovah's Witness.

(46m 50s):
If you don't know what they are, don't worry. I have a brochure. If you think bombing on stage is bad, imagine bombing every single door you knocked on. So what's the deal with birthdays? Am I right? It was confusing my time as a Jehovah's Witness. I was confused all the time. But when I got out, I was never confused ever again until I joined the military. Who gets tricked by those two groups? Am I right?

(47m 31s):
People will think that I, I'm a pilot 'cause I was in the Air force. I get, I get to see the respect, lose it. Go away from their face after I tell 'em I was in the UPS of the Air Force. God bless you all. Thank you so much. Tyler Matthews, welcome to the show. Tyler, you live here in New York? Yes sir. From Brooklyn? Yep. Absolutely. Born and raised. No. Where are you originally from? Originally From Indiana. Ooh, terrible. Congratulations on getting out of there. What do you do for a living Right now? I am an office manager at a law firm. Okay. How long you been doing standup? About eight years. Eight years.

(48m 11s):
You have any special skills or talents? I can make balloon animals. Did you bring any balloons with you? No. Oh terrible. Absolutely horrendous. We've never had balloon animals on this show before. We would've found a real talent from you. That's the sound of not having balloon animals. Tyler. Very, very interesting. Here. Face the crowd. What were you thinking today when you put on that doctor's cloak? You always do that. Do you wear a shirt? It's like business casual. No, for real. No jokes.

(48m 51s):
Why were you wearing that? Why Were you wearing that? Yeah. What fucking business is that? Casual in, dude. But business are you in, man? We're a hospitality law firm. Are you on any kind of medication you want to tell us about? No. No. Nothing. Nothing. Really? Hmm. How many times did you get vaccinated? Three. Yep. There it is. There it is. Got it. The guy in the cowboy hat's cracking up right now is like three more times Than me. I love it. Hell yeah, buddy.

(49m 32s):
Tyler, what's your love life like? I'm looking for love. Yep. You know. Last date you went on. When was that? Last week. Ooh, what was his name? Come on folks. MSG. Let's go. That's the type of jokes. One of the best in the world. SHANE. GILLIS. So was it a first time date last week or someone you've been seeing? Someone I've been seeing, Yeah. We're friends. Is that her decision or yours? That's her decision. Did you wear That shirt?

(50m 13s):
Did a rat pilot your every movement? So like, where'd you go on this date? We just smoked in our car and went by the park. You smoked in a car and went by the park? Yeah. Not to the park. We were gonna go to the park, but But The smoking session went so badly. She was like, let's skip the park. She's like, I hate that shirt. We're not going in the park. No, Seriously Tyra. Let's keep it real. Even though you're here in the most famous arena in the world, I genuinely wanna know. So you're smoking weed, you're in a car, right?

(50m 54s):
You're with me. Your plan is to go to the park. Where exactly what moment does she say, don don't want to go to the park. What happens? Tyler talk. Alright. She was like, Hey, we're just friends. We're just kicking it. And we just talked and chilled and got high. What made her say that? Did you try to kiss? I wanted to kiss. I wanted to kiss to. How did you signify to her that you wanted to kiss? I Said, may I kiss you? Oh, this is good. See now I'm getting where I wanna be. Okay, so you're sitting there. Was it a joint, a blunt, A couple of joints. Yeah. You smoked two joints? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. You got, you got a real good and paranoid and then all of a sudden you go, is there music playing or anything?

(51m 41s):
You're just in a quiet. Oh, Jesus Christ. Yeah. What type of music are you playing? It's gonna be so fucking Weird. It was her car. She had control of the ox. Pixies? No. What was it? She likes? R and B. R and B. Wow. That's the right music to be able to land a kiss. So you smoke two joints, you go, may I kiss you? Is that what you said? Those are my lines. Yeah. And then what exactly did she say? Was it your weed? It was her. We went and got the weed together at a dispensary. Who Paid for it? We split the bill. That's your problem here, Tyler.

(52m 22s):
We finally figured it out. Ladies and gentlemen. Tyler's in the friend zone. 'cause he is a thrifty little Tyler, isn't he? Yeah. Oh, You sure you're not a Jehovah's Witness. Come on folks. MSC. Come on man. Come On. Oh. My God. Tyler, why didn't you pick up the tab on the marijuana? She insisted, Right? 'cause she truly does not wanna How long have be Known this lady? For A few years? Yeah. It might be time to bail on that project. Yeah, That, That, that tree's never gonna grow fruit.

(53m 5s):
Wow. Well, I mean, why do you dance in between moments here? I keep noticing, keep doing this thing where you're pretending like you're ridiculously comfortable while talking about being in the friend zone in front of a sold out arena. I was dancing when I asked for the kiss too. All right. This is our first in the car. In the car doing like a little seated wiggle. Yeah, like a little wiggle like this. Oh no. Uhuh. Alright. I dance when I get anxious, folks. I'm so sorry. It's kind of nerve wracking up here in front of what? 14,000 people? Yeah, but that dance sucked. Ash.

(53m 46s):
It's not as bad. Oh yeah. Your dance is terrible. Yeah, obviously. Yes. It's terrible. You need to stop doing that. Tyler, anything else interesting about you we should know before we let you go? I, I was also a clown. That's why I did the balloons. Okay. All right. Clowns.com. What? That's the name of the business. They're out at Elmont in Long Island. That's your business. I worked for 'em. Oh, you worked for clowns.com. Okay. Fucking creepy as fuck. I'd like to present our first serial killer of the night. Tyler Matthews. Everybody.

(54m 26s):
Good news. Good news. Tyler. You're leaving here with a little joke book. There he goes. Tyler Matthews, Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen. Keeping it. Moving along here. I'd like to presented your first regular of the night. This young man has taken the KILL TONY universe by absolute storm as we hustle and try our hardest to acquire American citizenship for him.

(55m 8s):
MADISON SQUARE GARDEN. I proudly present the Estonian assassin. Matthew, You ever look at a homeless person sitting on the corner and think to yourself, must be nice You know just to be like, fuck it.

(55m 56s):
Because if you are like a working class asshole like us, life keeps fucking me up my ass. Every year. I gotta make more room in my asshole for the government to fit another one in there. Inflation, rent, price of gas. What's happening in Gaza is Joe Biden a lizard. And then you look at the homeless dudes just chilling with the boys.

(56m 39s):
You don't give a fuck who's resident. You see some pretty lady go by. You already know you're not gonna fuck her. Might as well pull your dick out. Ha. She runs. You laugh. Get high fives from the boys. Because what's gonna happen, you're gonna call the police officer What. you Gonna. do now.

(57m 19s):
No. Take me in and give me a bed. Thank you very much. That is what the fuck is up representing the regulars. Some of the top young rising comedians in the world brought to you by KILL TONY. Thank You so much. This is the Estonian assassin. Ari Matti. Absolutely. You much demolishing taking his time. Reverberating through the room. Unbelievable. Fucking set. Thank you So Much. What was that little scoff about there? What was that? Nothing. Oh, Okay. I was just staring at a guy. Oh, okay. I was just making a face of the guy.

(57m 59s):
I was just Story of my life. Ari. An unbelievable performance. Thank you. Is this something that was inspired here in New York City that has a lot of homeless people? It's crazy out there You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's pretty wild. I came here like six months ago, couldn't get a fucking open mic spot. I got bit by a rat and now I'm back in Madison Square. Hell yeah, baby. Pretty crazy, huh? It Is two months In America, bro. It's crazy. KILL TONY. Regular MADISON. SQUARE. GARDEN. JOE ROGAN Podcast brother.

(58m 40s):
Dude. That's America. Dude. That's America. By the end of the year, I might Run for president. A-S-A-S-A US A A. Hey. Damn. Get that man's fucking green car. Yeah. Oh, it's gonna happen. There's nothing that can stop him. I do have one note though, that fucking act out at the end. Dude. Chill bro. You little fucking zesty ass. Act out, dude. Chill bro. That is amazing. And we don't fuck with that.

(59m 21s):
Take That shit back to Estonia. Everything else is great. You keep shaking that ass like that. You might be doing two spots tonight. Me Suck. Sucky Ari Matti. You're an absolute fucking sensation. I cannot tell you what an acquisition. It's like when the Yankees get one of those diabolical Japanese players to come over here and play for 'em or whatever. You just belong here. We love you. You represent so fucking well. Thank you. Every goddamn time. You hit the stage in San Antonio last week, opening for Rogan Special and every appearance here on Koni. I couldn't be prouder to bring you here to MADISON SQUARE GARDEN, thank you so much to do exactly what you just did, and what a spot to represent the regulars of this show.

(1h 0m 6s):
Getting them started here tonight. One more time for Ari Matti. Ladies and gentlemen. Congrat Spot. We love you. Moving on to yet another bucket pool a human has to follow. Ari Matti. I present to you the comedy stylings of Johnny J from section 1 0 1. Grow 11, seat 15 to the big stage, the biggest in the world, the most famous arena, the granddaddy of 'em all. MADISON, SQUARE GARDEN. This is Johnny J.

(1h 0m 49s):
How we doing? MADISON. SQUARE GARDEN. Hey Susan. Moist for JOE. ROGAN. SHANE. GILLIS. Is that Tony? Tony Hinchcliffe. Here we go. Hey gentlemen, raise your hands if you ever caught your lady caught your jerking off. Raise your hands now ladies, raise your hands if you ever actually caught your man jerking off. All right, so I was in the bathroom jerking off one time, looking in the mirror per usual. And I hear the door open. I'm like, fuck my girl's here. It's my best friend. I keep a straight face, eye to eye. Best orgasm I think I might've ever had in my entire, I'm not gay. Best orgasm I've ever had in my entire life.

(1h 1m 32s):
Damn it. Fuck man. I know. That's all I had, man. I'm I don. That's it. That's all I got. That's all I got. That's all I got. Wow. 46 seconds. 46. 46. Yeah. That was not good. Johnny k. I Gotta give him credit for the dismount. and you gotta know when things are going terrible. You gotta get out of there. Yeah, do that. You gotta, you gotta bail when you can. I guess. Give him a little credit for that, folks. Thank you Joe. You guys are Fucking mean. So mean. I also wasn't that good though, in their defense. Johnny, let us cover that part. How long have you been doing standup comedy? About how long? 46 seconds. So this is your first time ever on stage.

(1h 2m 12s):
First Time ever. First time. Wow. What made you choose today to start standup comedy. So I was sitting up there and someone said, Johnny Jones. And I said, that's what they used to call me in high school right here. And they just dragged me out. What made you sign up for this today? I know how you got selected. You got pulled out of a bucket. Yes. Johnny? My, my buddy has a joke. Wrote. Wrote my name down and threw me in. Okay, well there he goes. Johnny J, you leave with nothing. No joke book, no key chain. Put the mic in the mic. There goes Johnny j Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna keep moving along. First Time ever. That's it. It's a dog eat dog world out there. People. He is got no set.

(1h 2m 52s):
He's got no answers. And now to recover from this, I'd like to present another regular on the show. You. guys like regulars on the show, right? We've seen this guy's longest possible journey. You were with him when he was living in a van. You were with him when he had to fight many times to keep his position on this show. Undefeated all time in battles. I present the MADISON SQUARE GARDEN debut of Hans Kim.

(1h 3m 39s):
This is Hans Kim. This is Hans Kim. This is Hans Kim. This is Hans Kim. This is What's up New York. I am an Asian man, which makes me an elite female athlete. Pretty much a Mexican woman in Asia. We respect our elders. We don't make them run the entire country and then shoot them in the ear.

(1h 4m 25s):
When Biden heard the news, he was like, big deal. I almost died twice this morning. Love seeing that white patch above Trump's ear. I can't wait for the rest of the hood to come in. That's not an anti-Trump joke. That's a pro. KKK joke. I do the dry cleaning. Thank you Hans. Kim doing it again. You gotta love it. I mean, absolutely. Jokes the whole way through the polarizing figure.

(1h 5m 8s):
Hans Kim. Yeah. I guess I am polarizing. Hans, how does it feel here? Look, you're at MADISON. SQUARE. GARDEN. It's great. Thank You Guys so much. I used to live here. What was life like back when you lived here? Tell us about it. A lot of it was outdoors. I was living in a van over by the Old Creek in the cave on Long Island City. Really, really sleeping next to cars. It was not great. But now I'm indoors. I'm in a beautiful hotel. So I mean I, I love being indoors in New York City. It's one of the best experiences. Yes, I completely agree. Being indoors in New York City is better than being outdoors.

(1h 5m 53s):
Hans, what else is going on in life? I'm doing great. My girlfriend is in Europe. She is so good at stay loyal to me here. She decided to take it on the road. And now, right now she's in Ibiza at a, at a pool party. So You know. Oh, What do you think she's doing? She's indoors. I'm sure there's lots of guys with normal shaped heads there, which kind of worries me. They probably have teeth that close all the way. I, I'm, I'm trying not to You know.

(1h 6m 33s):
Ruin her trip. She spent $14,000 on it. So $14,000. What did, how did she spend that kind of money on a trip like that? She's going to Ibiza, Italy, Spain. She's going to all the different spots where men exist. What's your worst, truly your worst case scenario type of guy that she could hook up with. I'm interested in making soda. I'm interested to know what your worst nightmare is. Well, Kam Patterson. But luckily he is here. So You guys know Hans Kim.

(1h 7m 13s):
Any thoughts about Hans Joe? Shane? Yeah. Hell yeah. Great job. Thank you Shane. Yeah, that was great. I love you. Love you bro. That was good. Thank you man. I have a lot more. I've been writing a lot. I haven't been on the show. It was Funny, man. But this girlfriend shit's too real. Yeah, that kind of bummed me out. Honestly. That bummed me out. It bum me out right now. She literally went to the worst places on earth. Picture And raves and baby oil and chaos. You can get a new girlfriend, Hans. You don't have to stay with the same woman over and over. She texted me. She's gonna be loyal. She is. Oh, well That that Counts.

(1h 7m 55s):
Nobody ever lies on texts. I got it on record, but apparently FaceTime doesn't work in Europe. You guys ever notice that You tried FaceTiming her? Yeah, she already gave me like a prelim before she even went there. She was like, by the way, FaceTime's not gonna work there. Oh dude. Wow. How long? How long have you been with her? About a year and a half now. Oh, that's a good run. You tried. I'll let her know. I mean you can. You said he gave it your best. I'm gonna be faithful. So I mean, shut the fuck up, sir.

(1h 8m 36s):
You're in New York City, you're gonna do coke and you're gonna have a good time. You a normal person. You gotta do a little bit of coke. Guys are gonna have fun. Dude, there's nothing wrong with that. Just a little bit. Yeah, I'd love to. Jeremy, I wanna see you do Coke and open those fucking eyes up. It's true. You can do whatever you want. Hans. FaceTime not working. Goes both ways. Well, Hans, you did it again. Rock solid set here at the Mecca. Madison. SQUARE. GARDEN. Thank You. guys. Make some noise for Hans. Kim. Ladies and gentlemen, let's go to the legends bucket, huh?

(1h 9m 22s):
Wow, Ladies and gentlemen, this is absolutely incredible. Usual. This man is truly one of the best ever, truly one of my favorite comedians for as long as I can remember. A true New Yorker, a monster I present to you. One of my all time favorites gracing us with his presence. Ladies and gentlemen, new zone. Jim Norton. Thank you.

(1h 10m 4s):
Thank you everybody. Very nice. You'll have to, before I start, I apologize if I, if I move, I hurt my neck. I've been taking Juujitsu for about a year and a half, and I hurt myself today, but no one has submitted me. And the whole year and a half, no one has been able to submit me once. But I realize it's 'cause whenever someone puts me in a choke, I yell, I'm gonna come. Little Juujitsu life hack. You want someone to let you go, just threaten to turn their black belt white. So I was reading an article this week about Jerry Dusky.

(1h 10m 46s):
Most of you remember him. If you're too young to remember him, he would like you. There was an article last week in the Daily Mail. They said he was convicted in 2012 of molesting a bunch of kids, Penn State coach national scandal. But they said there was medical evidence that might have exonerated him, but he wouldn't allow his lawyers to put it into evidence because it was too embarrassing. All right, I'm curious. Apparently he could not have had sex with all those children because he is medically impotent and his testicles are atrophied.

(1h 11m 26s):
But he wouldn't let his lawyers say that. You know he didn't wanna look bad. That's how fragile the male ego is. I heard you can't get it up. That's not true. You don't believe me as those kids. They'll tell you, don don't understand pedophiles. I realize that's not a controversial statement. You're never gonna lose the audience saying that. What do you mean you don't get it?

(1h 12m 6s):
I just don't understand that desire. don don't even like children as friends. I don't like if like, I'm not rude. Like if you have kids and I go to your house, I'm not gonna ask you to keep 'em in the yard. But don't leave me alone with your child. Don't leave me alone with your kid. I'll explain that. That's a semicolon, not an exclamation point, because I don't want the responsibility of entertaining your child because I have nothing in common with a kid. My friend's got a 6-year-old and she left me in this kid alone in the living room, and it's just fucking awkward. There's nothing to say to each other. I kept hoping he'd get the ball rolling and I'm like, fine, it's my job.

(1h 12m 48s):
I'll talk to him. But he was a stupid, stupid boy. I tried. I was like, so what do you think of this whole Gaza thing? Fucking idiot. And finally, speaking of abortion, they overturn Roe versus Wade. And in New York, it's obviously a very unpopular decision. I have very mixed feelings about this. I didn't know how to feel when they took away abortion. I think ultimately I feel a woman should be able to do what you want. It's your body. No one can tell you. But, but, but I can't say that I'm for abortion because I'm only alive because of an abortion that was refused.

(1h 13m 35s):
Roe v. Wade was January of 1973. April of 1973, my mother went for an abortion and they turned her away. The doctor actually refused to do it because I was five. I remember it well. She was begging the guy to grandfather her in. She even held up my first report card to prove that I was not viable outside the womb. He finally just grabbed her by the shoulders and said, lighten up lady and drown this thing in the tub like everybody else does. Well that was my set. Thanks a lot, Tony. I'm happy to be here. Shane, Joe Griffin, Tony.

(1h 14m 17s):
Unfuck. Unbelievable. Perhaps one of my favorite, or perhaps one of my favorite jokes I've heard in a fucking really long time. That pedophile stuff's absolutely fucking hilarious. Thank You, man. It's hard to do it with my dick. Soft. Alright, thank You guys very much. Tony, I love you. Congratulations man. Make some noise for your very own New York zone representing strong Jim Norton. And now back to the bucket we go, Ladies and gentlemen, a human has to follow that. Make some noise. 60 seconds uninterrupted while Shane goes pee.

(1h 15m 0s):
Brought to you by Bud Light. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Ole Cutler. Oleg Cutler. Here we go. You guys. Still having fun out there? Ole Cutler. Is Brooklyn in the motherfucking house right now, guys? Hell fucking yeah. Guys, don don't know if You guys heard the news today, but Johnson and Johnson recently announced that they're coming out with an AIDS vaccine. Guys, they're coming out with an AIDS vaccine.

(1h 15m 42s):
They're gonna be calling it Magic Johnson. That, that's the name of the vaccine guys. The only side effect is your youngest son might come out as trans Mike. Guys might. So, so depending on who you are, it might be easier to deal with the aids is what I'm saying to You guys, is what I'm saying. Let's see. One of my friends recently told me that they're addicted to porn. And I'm just letting You know that's not a real thing, guys. That's the, what does that even mean? Like, as soon as you nut you put it away. That's what, that's what, that's what porn is used for, guys. But I'll tell you, when porn is gonna be an addiction, guys, porn is gonna be an addiction when they start putting fentanyl in the porn guys, when they start putting fentanyl in the porn That, Thank you, Jesus Christ Almighty.

(1h 16m 35s):
This is what happens if beavers and butthead made a child together, Guys, am I right guys? Brooklyn in the house. Jesus fucking Christ. Some pizza owner, fucked a rat and made a fucking half a comedian, Guys. Am I right? Holy shit. How long have you been trying standup comedy? Three. Three years? How long have you been a little league home plate? Umpire My home My whole Entire life. Tony. Oh, My. goodness. How old are you? I'm 40.

(1h 17m 15s):
Oh, I'm fucking You sound like a Honda. That won't start. Holy shit. Why do you sound like that? What is that? don? Don't know. I'm, I'm just laughing at my own shit. What do you do for a living? I am currently unemployed. I'm currently unemployed. You always repeat your punchlines twice. Magic Johnson. It's a Magic Johnson. It's a vaccine. It's a vaccine. I'm unemployed. I'm unemployed. He, You're like something that grew out of a puddle in Brooklyn.

(1h 17m 57s):
It's kind of true. Kind of true. I did, I was actually raised in a puddle. Ha. I was raised in a puddle. This is fucking unbelievable. Sounds like it didn't go great, huh? I What happened? I missed it because that sounds Terrible. You didn't miss a fucking thing, dude. You didn't have a good time. I, I had a great time. I had a great time out. Here's fun. I had a great time. I had a great time. This is unbelievable. You don't even know that you do it, do you? I'm not, I'm not saying It. I'm not. I'm not. Hold on. What are we making fun of him For? He says everything twice. Like, I'm gonna go get the papers.

(1h 18m 37s):
Get the papers. I didn't even know I did that. I didn't even know I did that. This is fucking unbelievable. This guy's broken, true broken human. You, you live alone? Yes. Yes. Very good. Do you have any animals? No. What do you do for fun? What's a hobby of yours? I'm an artist. I paint. I I do like street art, graffiti, stuff like that. Right. Okay. That sounds about right. Any pieces that we would recognize? Do you have like a George Floyd that looks like Kobe Bryant or anything like that? Yeah, I guess. Yeah, I guess.

(1h 19m 18s):
What have you done? What have you, what, what are some of your biggest pieces of graffiti? I did a mural in, in First Street Green Park at one point, or whatever it Is. What was on the mural? It's a heart that's broken with a bandaid on it. With a red band on it? No, with a bandaid. With a bandaid on it. Okay. What'd I do? Wow. That's some real Brooklyn tough guy shit right there. Jesus fucking Christ Almighty. You said three years you've been doing this? Yeah, all of it. In Brooklyn. In, yeah. All over the city, around New York. That set, you just did. Is that some of your better stuff or is that like newer stuff or It's a mix.

(1h 20m 1s):
Yeah, it's a mix. It's a mix. It's a mix. You have a trademark, that's for sure. It's unbelievably annoying. But it's yours. There's a reason why no one else does it. I love it. What else, man? What else about your life before I get you outta here? That, that's pretty much it. I I do comedy. There must be something about your entire life. You're here at MADISON SQUARE GARDEN streaming around the entire globe right now. You have nothing interesting to say. So I was born near Chernobyl. That, that, that, that's a, Oh, it's all starting to make sense.

(1h 20m 42s):
It's all starting to make sense. Make Oh, My goodness. What kind of situation were you in? Where you were born? Near Chernobyl. Just living in Soviet Russia. That's, that was, that's, that's the situation. That's The situation. You Know Chernobyl was in Ukraine, right? Yeah. Well, at that time it was all the Soviet Union. It was You Close. How close were you? About 150 miles. Oh yeah. That's totally within the range. That's why you nuclear bombed up here tonight. But that's what the show's all about. That's Real. That's real. That's just, that's, yeah. How old Were you when that was going down? Five. Oh Shit.

(1h 21m 22s):
I'm From developmental guy. I'll be honest. I'm, I was like, yeah, I'm from Three Mile Island, so I'm the You know. I get it. Nothing wrong with that damn going. I know it's funny. Whatever. What are the odds the guy from Chernobyl in Three Mile Island get? Did You know anybody that got fucked up? No. Everyone's, it was kind of far from the fallout or whatever it is. Not far enough. Yep. Far from the fallout. He, I never noticed any side effects. Ha, side effects. Ha. I don't know anybody. That was fucked up. Fucked up my friend.

(1h 22m 7s):
Take this little joke book. It's all yours. Oh, There, you go side effect of nuclear fallout. Not being able to catch joke books. There he goes. Ole Cutler. All different shapes and sizes of people. Let's go back to the legends bucket, shall we? Huh? Well, this is a goddamn pleasure and a fucking honor because Ladies and gentlemen, this guy started, I can say with no ego, this guy started the Austin fucking comedy boom. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the all time greats. I present to you the one, the only run white.

(1h 22m 56s):
Oh shit. They're on their feet. Thank you. Thank, thank you. I literally didn't know they were gonna do this. I was standing over there watching the show like everybody else, and they were like, I guess I can do this. We go to see KILL TONY a lot. And in Austin, and a couple weeks ago we went down to Mitzi's, which is the bar downstairs. And I was talking to a guy that I didn't know, and I, I knew he was connected with our group somehow, but I didn't know how.

(1h 23m 39s):
And later I was talking to a guy that I did know, and he told me, the guy I was talking to earlier was gay. And I didn't care if he was gay or not. I just couldn't believe he was gay. He just didn't seem gay at all to me. Whatever the fuck that means, I guess I don't have gaar, whatever I have paid. So if you're selling pussy, Bing, 100% accuracy 100% of the time. One tranny. But that was on me. I overlooked, asked Jim Norton. I talked to him about it. But I guess I can't tell if someone's gay or not. When I was like 20 years old, I was in a gas station bathroom and I let a gay guy blow me.

(1h 24m 21s):
At least I think he was gay. He seemed gay to me, but I didn't call him out on it or anything. I guess if you'd walked in the bathroom at that exact moment, we would've both seemed gay, but it was just him. I think it'd be great to be a gay guy because here's why you like Dick, right?

(1h 25m 3s):
'cause you're a gay guy and you have a dick. Perfect. Right? I don't like Dick at all, but I can't keep my hands off of mine. I like pussy. But I know if I had a pussy, I would ruin it. I would. I'd go straight to the sex shop and buy everything I could possibly cram into it. Every buzzer, rabbit ear, dildos, the size of traffic cones. Ooh, Didn't you used to have a really nice pussy, Ron? I ruined it.

(1h 25m 43s):
Now. That's where I keep my shoes. I had my friends sew some snaps on my pussy lips so I can snap 'em shut and keep my shoes from falling outta my pussy. Thanks very much. There. you go. I mean, holy fucking shit. What's even happening here tonight. This is unbelievable. Thank you. Thank you. This has to be just the most fucking crazy episode of KILL TONY ever. So many freaks coming out. Ron, thank you for joining us. Yeah, let Me just, let me just say this. I've been watching this show for a long time, since the, I think the first time I saw it was in the main room at the Comedy Store.

(1h 26m 26s):
And You know maybe a hundred, 150 people there. And what I've watched this thing become is a way to reach out. How many of You know the funniest person You know is not a comedian. You just know a funny motherfucker somewhere. And that's where comedians come from. And KILL TONY has put a reach out there and we're searching for these people. And not only that, but because of the mothership and the way we're set up in Austin, we have something to do with those people. Once we find them in a path to genuinely being able to make a living, doing stand up comedy. We're making that available to everybody. So thank You guys for being behind this a hundred percent and making it the funnest thing.

(1h 27m 7s):
And we're all just looking at you going, we can't fucking believe what's going on. And it's great to be back in New York City. Thank you very much. Ron White. Let me just say before you go, there were so many of those episodes of KILL TONY when we first moved to Austin. 'cause it was one of the only places that we could even do the show indoors in front of human beings during the pandemic. and you came through so many times as an emergency guest when we had nobody else in this city at the time. And we watched the whole thing grow and explode. And you're a huge fucking part of that. So from the bottom of our hearts, thank you for being you. Thank you for fucking existing and you're one of the greatest bad asses on planet Earth.

(1h 27m 52s):
One more time for one of the all time grades, Ron. Fucking White. Unbelievable. God damn it. So cool. Thank you, man. Ron White, Ladies and gentlemen. And now we roll to another regular. Everybody. You probably haven't seen this young man in a long time. He's been very busy on his own tours, selling out all around the country.

(1h 28m 34s):
No better time to use a big stage like this than for somebody who's gonna use it. I present to you an absolute freak of nature. This is Casey Rocket Spoon, man.

(1h 29m 25s):
All right, cool. Hell yeah. Get real. I gotta get outta here. I'm gonna be late for my quinceanera. Physically fast, spiritually Latino. I Okay, so cool. Little hat work. Get lost. I, come on now. Indeed. I shouldn't have done that. All right, we're riffing. Lock the exit. I, oh, it's been a tough week. Where was Stuart Little on nine 11? I, we know he had an airplane. Well, You know he had motive. If you can't have a family, no one can. All right, come on.

(1h 30m 6s):
I can't real. Oh man. I haven't been this nervous since we held that car wash to save the football team. I, you should have seen Coach. He'd never been happier. I You guys did this for me. I get real. Gimme one last minute. I we're having fun. Oh man, that's been a tough week. I was walking down the alleyway earlier in a bunch of those dudes from Barstool Sports beat the shit outta me again. Kept saying, what's the score of the Jets game? Pussy I. don know.

(1h 30m 46s):
Sir don. Don't know now do I? All right. So Sassy. Yeah. People call me the Rick Flair of the New York comedy scene. Oh yeah. Because I exposed myself to a waitress. Okay, come on. We got him. Casey. Rocket. Thank you so much. We did it. Ladies and gentlemen. He's done it again. The crowd is on their feet signifying that the crab man has arrived. And indeed, we are getting word from the officials here at MADISON. SQUARE GARDEN. That is the fastest any artist has ever moved at 180 degree angle, side to side in the history of the building.

(1h 31m 33s):
Casey, you've done it again. How do you feel? Thank you for asking Tony. I feel electric. All my friends are here. I was inducted last night into the Gambino crime family. I'm so excited. Little Charlie, Charlie Daniels, big Mike. Everybody was there. They gave me the special dec cane of truth. What is the, what is, what kind of power or history does the cane of truth have? Justice, equality, sanitation, numbers, rackets, racketeering.

(1h 32m 14s):
Oh God, I, if You guys could get outta here, I'd like a moment alone. You are a fucking wild, wild boy. Casey. Rocket. How do you like New York City? I love it. I had got here yesterday. I had Chick-fil-A It was good. It was even better. Wow. Yeah. Absolute big Chick-fil-A bro. Yeah. I mean, this is, New York is famous for their Chick-fil-A. You can only get it here. Everybody knows that. Yeah. It's a gauss thing. You wouldn't understand. It's true. Joe. Rogan. What do you think about Casey? Rocket. I got Your ring, bro. Oh, thank you. You lost a ring.

(1h 32m 54s):
Thank you. It's my wedding ring for any of You guys out there who think that I can't. I could never get married. You were wrong. I got married. Amanda pandemonium. You ready? Open up. Oh My. God. Oh. My God. What the fuck was Shaq? What the fuck was that? Do you did You guys plan that out? You are definitely his friend. Dude. You're wearing a red and Stimpy shirt. You're definitely, here's the one. We got That on camera. Did, did, did. Did anybody get that? Are You outta your mind? Can he keep that ring?

(1h 33m 35s):
Can he swallow It? Can He keep the ring? Yeah. Yes. You can't Actually. Who are you with? You gotta keep that ring going. Who's that sitting next to you? You don't know. You know play dude. Nobody catches with their mouth like that. For those of you that missed it, which I'm pretty sure was 14,000 people behind him. Let Me pause. The guy opened his mouth. Casey threw it directly into his mouth. He caught it in his mouth and then put it on his finger. Casey, do You know this man? It was the perfect throw. He didn't even have to move Abruptly. Yeah, That was crazy. Barely moved. He barely moved. Oh, it was a perfect throw.

(1h 34m 17s):
Wait, you had a plant, the entire show that was just here to catch a ring in his mouth. and you trapped me. You trapped me in the retrieving your ring. You clever bastard. Couldn't Happen to a nicer guy. I Did. You hear the chink of its tooth also? It was unbelievable. Yes. It definitely hit his teeth a little bit. Yeah. It's so crazy. The guy. I was worried you were gonna die. You swallow that bitch. Oh man. So that's Amanda pandemonium. That guy with a beard. That's right. Absolutely incredible. Amanda Pandemonium, my wife. That is your wife. It is a man. He caught the ring in his mouth. I mean, that was, it was like, it was like the show was only for the four of us.

(1h 34m 59s):
For a second there. I feel like the simulation is real. That it was Unbelievable red band. And I know the stars. He's filming stars. The stars are lined up right now. Casey. Rocket in the zone. He's in full effect. Chuckling. Thank you. With the cane of truth. He throws a ring. A man catches it in his mouth. What can I say that I haven't said a thousand times before? Casey, there's no one like you in the fucking world. You've proven it again with Amanda Pandemonium. Thank You. Thank You. guys, what a pleasure. New York, we did It. Ladies. Keith Griffin, Ladies and gentlemen. Casey Rocket. Yes.

(1h 35m 39s):
Love You, guys. Oh, Wait, wait. Yes. I gotta figure this out. It's impossible though. 'cause he dropped that ring and you picked it up. Yeah, I, I scrambled for it. I had to go underneath the curtain to get it. I saw it roll under the curtain. I grabbed it. And you're just a regular guy by yourself. That snagged that with his mouth. Is that the greatest moment of your life? That's crazy. It's Pretty crazy. You have a camera on that at all? We did not have a ca. I don't believe we had coverage of that. That's for us. That's just for us. It's just for us. You're just gonna have to take our word for it.

(1h 36m 20s):
You. guys. You're gonna Have to trust us. There was one man in the front that opened his mouth like that, and the ring went directly into his mouth. He smiled. Spit it up. Put it on his finger. It's right there. This is unbelievable. Back to the bucket we go. This is indeed bucket pool number six. I do believe. Make some noise for Manny Ramos. Ladies and gentlemen. Manny Ramos. Let's go. MSG. What's going on New York.

(1h 37m 0s):
All right guys. I finally have a girlfriend, which is great. I love that. I hate dating being single's fucking tough. Sometimes people are fucking mean. When you're fucking dating. I know. I was on a date with this girl. We're having dinner and I'm looking at her. She's looking at me and out of nowhere, she's like, You. know what? It's all right that you're not six feet tall. You're a short king. It's just kind of fucked up. You know. It's kinda like a double, double standard. Right? Short king. I can't be going out with like a thicker woman and just be like, Hey, You. know what? It's right that you're a fat queen. It's fucking done. Right? It's not fucking cool.

(1h 37m 40s):
I'm just kidding, guys. I would never date a fat chick dude. Man. The thing that pissed me off the most about that date was that I'm five eight and this girl's five foot nothing. I'm a whole dick taller than you. Maybe not my dick. Anyway, that's my time. Thank You guys. Manny Ramos. Welcome to the show. Manning. Thank You. Tony. Thank you. How Do you feel right now? It's surreal. It's pretty surreal. How long you been knowing standup? Like Two and a half years. Where at? New York City? New Jersey. I'm from Jersey.

(1h 38m 21s):
You're originally from Jersey. Jersey guy. Yeah. New Jersey. Let's go. Wow. Yeah, We have a lot of fans from New Jersey. That makes sense. I could see how that would work out. What do you do for a living? I'm a camera guy and a lighting guy. I own a small business that rents out equipment to commercials and TV shows and stuff. Okay. Oh, the crowd is also a fan of cameramen for some reason. Very interesting. You're Mexican, Ecuadorian. Oh, same shit. Yeah. We don't have a sound effect for Ecuadorians. Obviously. That's The general.

(1h 39m 3s):
What do you do for fun? I. don know this. Rock climbing. Just fucking bars hanging. Okay. Don don't know. Yeah. You Have a girlfriend? I do. How long you been with her? About a month and a half. What does she do? Whiskey stuff. She's gonna kill me. Whiskey stuff. She's a whiskey rep manager. She's gonna kill me right now. Well, not right now. In a couple minutes she's gonna kill you. Why would she kill you for that? Just outta curiosity, Don don't know. Because I feel like I always get her brand wrong. When else would it have ever have mattered that you got our brand wrong?

(1h 39m 44s):
Except for right now, this would be the chance to get it right. Right? You, You get her brand wrong. Like during sex. Isn't that money? Come on, man. Man, that's what I scream out every time. It's her brand. Screwball, Screw Tiger. Thick Whistling pig. I'm so sorry. Wow. Absolutely incredible. You have any special Ecuadorian moves in the bedroom? Man? God, it's not really just my regular sized cock. Okay. What do you consider to be a regular sized cock? Just that so that I can picture it in my head.

(1h 40m 25s):
Nothing gay. What Will you picture for an Ecuadorian move? I mean, I don't really know. Like a eating pussy with one of those like grapefruit spoons or something like that. Is that a a a cocaine spoon? Is that what that is? No. It's the spoon with a sharp edges at the end. But don don't know. Is that a fork? What a fork. No, it's Different. Okay. Don't be funny now. That's fair. Sorry, Shane. I mean, don't do that either. Fuck you Shane. don. Don't know what. That's good. That's good's good. There we go. There we go. There we go. Manny, what's the most interesting thing about you? You have any hobbies other than standup and camera work?

(1h 41m 6s):
Don don't know. Not really. Rock climb. Now time to wrap this up, huh? Yeah, that's fine. You can wrap me up. It's all good. Okay. There he goes. Manny Ramos. Ladies. Thank You guys. Ladies and gentlemen. There's a little joke Buck. Hey. Alright. I know I, you want me to get those glasses some up with You guys, I'm pulling from the legends bucket again. Oh, look at this. Look who's willing to share some material with us. This is absolutely incredible. One of the record holders for all time appearances.

(1h 41m 46s):
As a guest on the show, You know him from the Legion of SKAs and the founder of skank Best doing a set for us. This is Louis J. Gomez. Wow. Look at this. Hell yeah. Holy Shit. MADISON, SQUARE, GARDEN. Wow. Wow. I I'll tell You guys, I I love eating pussy. I love it. Thank you ladies.

(1h 42m 27s):
Thank you. And some guys, thank you. I love eating pussy so much that I'm afraid that I'm gonna get, gonna get mouth cancer like Michael Douglas do. You guys, remember how Michael Douglas got mouth cancer a few years ago from eating Catherine's data? Jones's pussy. That was a big news story that actually happened. I can't get it outta my, anytime I go down to my girlfriend, I can't, I can't even get, get through the alphabet. I'd be like a, B, C, C cancer. Fuck. I can't do this anymore. But here's the thing. I love eating pussy so much that even if I got cancer, I would still continue to do it. I would still continue to eat pussy. I would be like that woman in that commercial in the nineties who had throat cancer, but she was smoking a cigarette through the fucking hole in her neck.

(1h 43m 8s):
You. guys, remember that bitch? She was like, I fucking Love smoking Z so much. I will never not mon n She started slurping it up through a fucking bloody hole in her neck. We had to watch that at three 30 in the afternoon after an maniacs. I love, That's gonna be me. They're gonna put me in a commercial for mouth cancer awareness, right? They're gonna remove my lower jaw. They, I'm gonna be like, They're gonna interview me about how much I love eating pussy.

(1h 43m 51s):
I be like, how much you love eating pussy? I'm like, Ah, The cancers are gonna spread to my hands. They're gonna remove a few of my fingers. All I can do is this. And I'm like, ah, Ah. New York City. Thank you so much. Goodnight. Fucking unbelievable. Louis J. Gomez, another one of my New York Brothers Ska Fest is sold out. He, he runs literally the best comedy festival in the world. You guys know about it. Ska Fest exists. You know what? Why don't we go to the should. Should I go to the Legends bucket one more time?

(1h 44m 34s):
Let's do it again. Oh, dear Lord Almighty, I present to you one of the front runners from his very first appearance as a guest on the show for Guest of the year. We forced him to come back as fast as we possibly could because the man fits into the show like a perfect puzzle piece. You, know him from a lot of your favorite movies. This is Instant. KILL TONY. Legend Harland Williams. Oh My. God Harland.

(1h 45m 14s):
Live in The Flesh From MADISON. SQUARE. GARDEN. Wow. Thank you. Thank you everybody.

(1h 45m 55s):
Ma'am, if you could twirl your head around like a demented owl. Folks, I'm happy to be here. I'm gonna be honest. I'm a little under the weather. I have Lyme disease and well, don't laugh, but I've been seeing a lot of comedy here tonight and it's been a little safe. It's been a little too easy. So tonight I'm gonna do a joke. It's definitely gonna get me canceled. They're probably gonna have to cut it out of the show. I don't care.

(1h 46m 36s):
I'm gonna do it. It's racist. It's religion. It's anti-women. It's anti-Trans. It's anti-gay. I'm going for it. Fuck off. I don't care if I have Lyme disease. I'm fucking doing it. You ready? These three black trans walk into a gay bar with a Jewish guy, a Palestinian guy, and a, hang on.

(1h 47m 29s):
Sorry. Fuck Fucking Lyme disease. I can't finish. Fuck off. Harlan Williams. Ladies and gentlemen, the Lyme Disease got the best album. Oh My God. This is the craziest episode of KILL TONY ever. I present another bucket pool coming from the comedian section. This is Bucket Pool number seven, the comedy stylings of Jason King, Ladies and gentlemen.

(1h 48m 13s):
Jason King. Oh, big pop from the New York comedians. This should be interesting Mix noise for Jason King. Woo. MADISON. SQUARE GARDEN. Make some noise, Guys. Woo. Hell yeah. I love walking out to music. I recently did a show where I walked out to Carl Douglas's, Kung Fu Fighting You. guys know that song. Yeah. Yeah. I like that song. 'cause you never hear people write songs about other obscure skills. Right? Like you, like you never hear pom po niggas playing for his beat. I love that we're doing comedy like this. Right? We didn't get to do comedy during the pandemic, but the one thing I do miss from the pandemic was the fact that we were able to put anti-vaxxers through Jim Crow laws.

(1h 48m 58s):
Right. We were like, you're not locked up anymore, but you can't eat here. Right. If you weren't vaccinated, you got treated like a black person in the sixties. It's like, hi, welcome to the restaurant. You vaccinated. No. Well read the sign nigga outside and put a mask on. 'cause you make me sick. I told that joke to my grandma. She's like, Jason, how could you make a joke about Jim Crow? I was like, well Grandma, this time I'm a white. I said that joke. I said that joke recently on a show, and this white lady was like that.

(1h 49m 39s):
Thank you very much. I'm Jason King Fuck. yeah. A full set. Jason King from Queens Rock. Solid set representing New York very well. Yes, sir. How long you been doing standup? It's Gonna be five years later this year. I love it. Five years. Yeah. You do this for a living. What do you do for work? No, I'm, I'm a product strategist. Okay. And I do standup at night, but hopefully one day I could just do standup. Yeah, that's true. That's how the magic happens. Tell us more about you. What else is interesting about your life? I've been producing music for 13 years. What kind of music? All kinds. I, I just, I mean, I think like music is just kind of math and if I think about it, it's all just different equations.

(1h 50m 24s):
You sing, you make it on a computer. What do you do? All kinds of on a computer. But I play guitar ing. No, I can't really sing. I won't, I won't put that kind of pressure on myself. But You, you play guitar? I Play guitar. Yeah. Really? That's what you want. I'll do it. You're Singing the shower. Go hard. What do you think If you play something in B Flat? I'll do it. If you play something in B Flat, I'll do a solo. I'll take whatever guitar you want. Let, let's go. Let's Do it. Let's go. All right. Come On, let's go. All right. Let's see what happens here. Jason King grabbing. Wait, that's Marcus King. Wait a second.

(1h 51m 5s):
Are You guys brothers, they have dreams. This is the weirdest episode of White Men. Can't Jump I've ever seen. They was Kings. Oh shit. Ladies and gentlemen. Here's a little guitar solo from Jason King. 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4.

(1h 52m 9s):
Wow. I mean, This is KILL TONY. You just watched a man have a fucking great comedy set and then kill it on the guitar. Live from Madison Square Motherfucking Garden, the greatest arena in the world. Jason, how do you feel? I feel fucking fantastic. Well, you did it, buddy. It doesn't simply doesn't get any better than that. Here's a big joke book. Thank you. Make some noise for Jason King.

(1h 52m 52s):
That's how the magic happens right there. Absolutely. Fucking incredible. You can't even make this up. Unbelievable. And now it's time for another regular Ladies and gentlemen. This young man, I mean, what, what can I say? He's the only regular ever to be made a regular after one appearance on his first scheduled appearance, he went viral for liking rocks. I present to you the MADISON SQUARE GARDEN debut, but probably not his last time. Here. This is Kam Patterson.

(1h 53m 55s):
What's up New York. What it do? This this is my first time in New York, man. And I, I, yeah. I I like it a lot. I like it a lot, man. Everybody say New York is a melting pot. It's a melting pot full of people. Everybody just in one place, You. know what I'm saying? And I, I I don't believe that at all. You have Chinatown, Koreatown, Harlem, Spanish, Harlem nigga town. I mean the Bronx.

(1h 54m 36s):
That's segregated as fuck, dog. They thought a real, that's a i Why the city smell like piss You. know what I'm saying? This place is terrible. I was on the subway today and I seen a rat eating a homeless nigga. I don't like this place at all. I thank you for clapping random white man in the back from Idaho. This place fucking sucks. It's, it's strange. It's everybody here. Every person from New York is just rude as fuck. They mean as hell dog. And they're like, yeah, You know. You know. It just, that's just how we, our personality in New York. Nigga. You rude. Bitch. That's not a personality. Oh, we got pizza.

(1h 55m 17s):
We got pizza. It's delicious. The cheapest shit ever. Kill yourself. God Damn right. Speaking nothing but truths. Coming out to a ruckus, standing ovation riding the wave. He's done it. Yet again. The future has arrived. Cam Patterson live from MADISON. SQUARE GARDEN. What it Do? What it do? Indeed? This shit, nigga. This shit crazy as fuck, dog. Yep. It, it's, it's insane, nigga.

(1h 55m 57s):
It is. How big of an entourage did you bring here today? Well, I got the Whole hood with me, nigga. Yep. I brought 72 people though. We ain't master Square. Fuck, nigga. We going crazy. Yep. Have my nigga got on ankle monitors and shit. It is wild, bro. They shouldn't be outta state of Florida. I love It. No, they're back there. They're, yeah, they're ruining things. I was They're back there. They're ruining it. They're ruining it. Hey, We need to lock up all the deodorant back there Because They keep breaking into taking it.

(1h 56m 38s):
You know the funny, funniest shit I just put you, I had the order in my pocket, nigga. Did You Have, I swear to God. I was so glad I took it out. It was, I ain't put nothing on before I got here. And I was like, did You guys cut that out so we can go to fucking Walgreens? What do you mean? Everybody in this goddamn arena knows what I'm talking about. Dude, stop stealing our Old Spice. We don't, it's not Old Spice Nigga. It's degree. That's the one I like the most. You guys a Good degree. Yeah. Yeah. All right, well lock up the degree. Leave us the Old Spice. Give us Did you purchase the deodorant? Of Course. Yeah. Right. You rang the bell and still stole it. No. Nah. I was, I was trying to steal it and they were like, you can't pat us out.

(1h 57m 20s):
Oh fuck. People know me now. This is fucked up. Yeah, you can't steal anymore. It's Over. What else has been going on here in New York City? It is really your first time here. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I seen the portal. I seen the little portal shit. The doubling. Yeah. I flipped it off like, fuck you doubling niggas. I don't give fuck by This is gay. Fuck by doubling pussy. Nah, Nah, nah. Up the rah. What does that even mean, nigga Up the IRA Hey, I was sitting, I was sitting in the back with, with all, with all the, the special ones. You know Jerry, Nathan and, and, and Aaron Ali and shit.

(1h 58m 4s):
And I was sitting on the floor and David walked in. He was like, what? You watching the recharge nigga? They Got you in charge of the retards that you wanted to say that on MADISON. SQUARE. GARDEN. I just wanted to say retard three times in the MADISON, SQUARE GARDEN. Four times. You did I give you full permission and I have a hard R award. 2024. So I'm allowed to share it with who I won. and you have full permission. I wonder if this means, I can say the N word too. No. Oh, Okay. Alright. No, no. Not even close. No, I love it. You would say, You would say it all gay too, nigga.

(1h 58m 46s):
Nigga. Is that your impression to me? Yeah. That's you. That's, that's you. That's you saying nigga, gay nigga. Unbelievable. They keep stealing Old Spice. I can't believe you would steal Old Spice. That's unbelievable. That's what we need. Cam, you've done it again my friend. You came in, you absolutely ripped the roof off the fucking joint. Everybody loves you. Make some noise for Cam Patterson.

(1h 59m 27s):
Hey You guys. Think we should add one more panelist to the show? You think it should be one of the biggest comics in the history of New York City? Ladies and gentlemen joining us. Nice enough. Even though he had delayed flights all day. Oh, okay. Okie dokie. Thank you. Great stuff. We're gonna wait for that. You're gonna wait for that everybody. He's using the bathroom. He's, I've been informed in my literally tiny earpiece that he's using the bathroom.

(2h 0m 11s):
There's red band's. One fart noise for the episode. The man has sold out. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN multiple times. Ladies and gentlemen, joining the show again, gracious enough to join us from many delayed flights today. I present to you Andrew Schultz, Oh My God. He's back Home maybe.

(2h 0m 57s):
Is this the craziest fucking comedy show you've ever been to New York? Let's make some mother fucking Oh, My God. Andrew Schultz joining the panel right now. I doubt it, man. How fucking awesome. Stuck on the other part of the country all day and you fucking made it. What a hero. A friend. I'm sorry. I'm Late, man. Fucking Lyme's disease. Unbelievable. Andrew, you made it just in time for our No, I didn't get one.

(2h 1m 46s):
Oh, okay. Well, the bucket pool is in the nosebleeds. I have been informed. Okay, let's go to the legends bucket while we get the guy out of the nosebleeds. Our final legends bucket Pool, Oh, My, God, Ladies and gentlemen, what can I say? Every once in a while, I just know that the roof is about to blow off this fucking joint. As I present to you one of the greatest guests in the history of the show. The 2023 guest of the year. This is Dr.

(2h 2m 29s):
Phil. Oh shit. Oh, My, God.

(2h 3m 15s):
New York City makes some other fucking noise. If you're excited to be alive tonight, what a good show so far. Keep it going for KILL TONY Ryan, red Band, JOE, ROGAN, Shane Gillis. It's Andrew Schultz. The KILL TONY Band. Keep it going for all the perverts in the crowd tonight. Okay. That's way more than I thought would announce themselves. Love New York City. Prepared a few statements for You. guys, I love New York City. One of my favorite cities in the world. The city that never sleeps. The city that definitely always creeps. Okay. People look in their lips having wet dreams during the day. So a guy today dressed as Elmo jerking off outside of a McDonald's.

(2h 4m 2s):
Turns out it was Brian Redban having himself a good old Friday afternoon dressed as Elmo jerking off while I'm trying to order a filet of fish. Fucking weirdo. Thanks for coming out. Brian been doing a lot of a big New York City Day today. I went to two museums, four parks, a Broadway show. Cam Patterson took me to Spanish, Harlem and n Word Town. Can't say the full thing, but You know what it is. Tons of shoe shops. Yeah, it was a full New York Day. I packed, I packed in more than Pete Diddy in a hot tub. And that's a joke that you can tell your kids before they go to bed.

(2h 4m 42s):
What else we got? Shout back to the future. Good musical. I wish I could go back in time in five years and fire Tony's stylist. I mean, Tony. You, you dressed like a guy who runs a petting zoo over Zoom. No, I'm deflecting. I just want his shirt. Fits his body better than mine do. Got a quick knock, knock joke for You. guys, you wanna hear a knock knock joke? Yeah. Sounded like the perverts again. Here we go. Knock, knock. Yeah. Can you, Can you, Can you do that thing with your hand sweetheart? Where you put it in the dishwasher for a few minutes so it gets extra clammy Then finger my asshole.

(2h 5m 26s):
That's what Hans Kim texted my masseuse two nights ago and now I have to find a new way to relax. Give it up for Hans Kim by the way, he came all the way out here just to rip it up and suck it up. And I love Hans. I had to fake asthma so many times to avoid fighting his family. And I'll tell you what, I'll tell you this much. Alright, that sounded better in my head. Let's move on. New York City, home of the Yankees. Give it up for your New York Yankees. These guys are sure. They're a team. They're a team. They got 27 championships, 27. They're having a good year. Their pitching staff is struggling.

(2h 6m 6s):
They're the staff of the Yankees. Their aim is about as good as Alec Baldwin on the set of the movie. Rust. Have you seen that yet? I think it's on Tubi. I watched the, some of the Olympics You guys see that French guy's cock hit the bar pretty hot Tony. You see that? Oh yeah, I know you did. Yeah. I it was, it was getting in the way. You know, take that shit down. Which is also what the waiter tells David Lucas to tell his sandwiches. And so, so they don't run outta the rest. Alright, let's move on that one. Sound fucked. Fuck God. Fucking damnit.

(2h 6m 46s):
Alright, I'm hearing these for the first time too, so shut the fuck up. David Lucas is a, he's a KILL TONY Hall of Famer. So make some noise for that. That's a big deal. It's a big deal. Only a couple in the history. I think David Lucas looks like what shows up if you say Beetle gin and Jews three times. Not bad. Andrew liked it. He just got here. So that's not bad. People say New York is famous for their food. They also say William Montgomery has the sex appeal of a special needs bathroom. Big stall. You can do what you want in there.

(2h 7m 27s):
Got one more knock, knock joke. Do You guys care for one more Knock, knock joke real quick. Yes. I knew you wouldn't mind. Knock, knock. Doors. Doors. Hey, doors locked. It's me Cam. I'm coming in through the window of the fucking a fat chick. Alright, to be honest, didn't think it'd go that well. One more time for Kam Patterson. He's here still. Sweet guy with kind eyes. You know his dick hits the bar when he jumps over it. Brian Red Band's here. Brian, keep it going for Brian Redban. This motherfucker turned 50 years old last week. I thought he was 66, but that's Father Time.

(2h 8m 6s):
Red Band. Arby closed. That's Red Band's nine 11. I wrote that down. I thought that was funny. Red band. You are truly just a a a wizard over there on the ones and twos. I love what you do. Every Thursday in Austin, Texas, Brian Redban has the secret show, which is what he calls exposing himself to minors. So you can check out his Facebook page. Love the outfit. Red band. Who dresses you? Helen Keller. Helen. Fuck all Helen Keller. Shit. All right. Again, I didn't proofread this. Thanks Michael. Yeah, let's try it again. Ready? Michael? I got two more alternative punchlines. Hey, red band. Who dressed and then hit me with a little, what is it?

(2h 8m 50s):
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well fucking You guys. Figure it out. Red band. Who dresses you a stuffed animal? Red band. Who dresses you? Tony's butt plug guy. All right, we'll leave on that one. Red band. Red band is a a sexy looking guy. Red band. You look like Keanu Reeves. If speed was on a short bus, so same movie. Just bring the bus size down and, and make everybody retarded. Alright, red band. How does your whole body look like a pupa. How do you pull that off party in the front? Pupa all over Red Band. Looks like the only guy who texts Postmates you up trying to get some suit.

(2h 9m 32s):
Me and Cam Patterson are going to n Word Town tonight. Here's a, I'm gonna do a few impressions. I'm gonna close things out with a few impressions. You, guys mind. A couple impressions. This first impression is a Ray Romano comedian. Ray Romano, sorry. Had a Mac and cheese portable in the car on the way over here. This is Ray Romano, comedian Ray Romano watching Red Band have sex. Here we go. Oh God. God. My next impression is This One's a little bit better. It's a little, it's not. Alright, stay with me. This next one is, this is Nicholas Cage getting a back massage from Tony Hinchcliffe.

(2h 10m 20s):
Ha ha ha Ha. I'm gonna come. Ha, Not bad. One more impression for you. This final impression. And again, an honor to be up here one more time for the KILL TONY world that You guys have helped create. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN. I saw this fucking show 10 years ago at the belly room of the Comedy Store. Make some motherfucking noise for You guys coming out and supporting one of the greatest shows, if not the greatest in stand of history. Alright, this last impression is, it's a doozy. This is President Joe Biden seeing a lollipop. Here we go. Seeing a lollipop here.

(2h 11m 0s):
You're a shucker, you're a shucker, you're a shucker. Look at me, you're a shucker. I'm gonna lick you. I'm gonna lick you like a shucker. Hey, Hey, You're a shucker. I'm gonna lick you. I'm gonna, I'm gonna shuck your dick. I'm gonna shuck your dick in front of America. I'm gonna put it on PornHub. I'm gonna put it on GrubHub. Come on. Alright. That's my time. You guys are unbelievable. Dr. Phil Unfucking. Unbelievable. Absolutely unbelievable. You have done it yet again. It's absolutely mind blowing. What you have done on this show yet again is absolutely fucking mind blowing.

(2h 11m 44s):
We can do it later, Andrew. That's okay. I appreciate the, the feedback Tony and I appreciate the love You. know it's the Dr. Phil Shit's been. We're doing the Beacon Theater on November 15th here in Los Angeles doing Dr. Phil Live. If You guys wanna come out to that, it's no MADISON, SQUARE, GARDEN, but you gotta start somewhere, right? Tony? Absolutely. Yeah. Now Tony, I know it's a big night for you. It's a big night for everybody involved. What a show so far, by the way. I mean, are you fucking kidding me? One after the other. But Tony, I know that Brian had a birthday last week and You know your show's as good as your your your second, your, your your one two punch. Whatever the sent Kevin Bacon once said, You know you can only do some.

(2h 12m 27s):
You need a guy doing grief noises. I think Kevin Bacon said. And so Brian, you turn 50 and I got you a gift. What do you get? The guy who can get every virtual reality headgear video game system. So my assistant norm, we, there's a, a sweatshop in Taiwan. They don't make clothes, but they make pastries. So we got Brian Redban 16 Wow. Penis cookies or cakes. don don't know. Wow. To be honest, I don't even like that. I'm holding it right now. But you can eat it or suck it. Brian. It's You know whatever. But I wanted to sing Happy Birthday to Brian real quick 'cause it was his 50th birthday last week. Can we do that? Let's do it.

(2h 13m 7s):
Brian, take one of these. Here you go, baby. Take one Of those. Is it possible to eat it with our butt. What's That? Can I eat one with my butt? You can do whatever you want if we put your mind to it. Tony. Wait. Tony wait. Ask me that one more Time. Can I eat it with my butt? We'll be right back. Fuck. Let's do it Dr. Phil. Lead us in it. I'm with you. Here We go. You. guys wanna say Here we, we go. One, two, three. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Come on. Happy Birthday.

(2h 13m 51s):
Happy. Thank You. I love You guys, New York City. Thank you so much for letting me come out. Fuck around. Happy birthday. Brian. Redban, KILL TONY. I love you. Get out New York City. Goodnight Dr. Phil. Wait a second. Wait a second. One more thing. What's up guys, before you go, we've noticed that you've always Tony What a fuck. You're cock blocking my exit notice. I, I know, I know, I know. I like to surprise people every once in a while. And I know that you are very close with unbelievable comedian Adam Ray.

(2h 14m 31s):
I've noticed that you've always plugged his stuff. Got to. Yeah. He's, I follow a couple of Jewish comedians and he's one And while he's not here since Been Rachel Feinstein. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, don don't. Second one I could think of. Go Ahead. That is a crazy reference. Yeah. Well, he's not here tonight. Okay. I got word that his parents are here and you are here, which is incredible. So I figured let's do something special. So if you wanna look at one of these big giant screens, let's roll it. It's a little something special for you, Adam. You've been on the show many, many times before. Love it. This is one of those guys. You know we're, I'm a little bit dark, a little bit strategic.

(2h 15m 14s):
He's a little bit silly and fun, but for some reason 16 years we've been doing this together and we, when we get around each other, we have such a fun synergy. We have so much fun. He was in the movie, the Heat, you can see him touring all around the country. Ladies and gentlemen, the one and only Adam Ray, everybody is here. What you got, Adam Ray and Matt Barron are everybody and Adam Ray. Wow. Adam Ray, everybody. The amazing Adam Ray. Adam Ray And Adam. Ray, Adam Ray, everybody. Adam Ray, Dr. Phil, Adam Ray.

(2h 15m 55s):
Make some notes for Elaine. Her first time on the show. Dr. Phil, Dr. Bill, The real president of the United States of America. This Is show Biden Tony. What an unbelievable experience it is. What a great show this could be. Instead, we've got an absolute idiot here running the show. You looks so scared.

(2h 16m 36s):
Who you shit my pants. Ain't nobody forgot about your retarded Aaron Rogers looking ass nigga. Hey, Hey. Easy Michael Clark Dunking Donuts. That's not fair. That's not fair. You've got issues. When I talk about that in chapter 16 about my own personal struggles, Charlie's listening to a totally different podcast right now. Charlie's listening to Theo Vaughn right now. Yeah man, my principal was a raccoon man. It been hitting me. I'm gonna play Christian's dad and Christian, you play yourself in this. There's no way you could fuck it up. Christian, this is your father.

(2h 17m 19s):
Hey, Who is it? This is my, or is that the pizza delivery Guy? You should, you should vote for me. I I stood for BLM Black large motherfuckers. We just had an amazing weekend in Texas. In Austin. Yeah. You sang at the goddamn Comedy Jam. And I did and you fucking killed it. One of my favorites, Man. I tried way too hard. You are like a real Singery Taffy. Willy Wonka is my dealer. Adam Ray took my life in do pieces in my Happy new, I think I got a massage from you.

(2h 18m 20s):
I grand Theft As being raised by a sweet Jewish single mom. I can't let you sleep in your fucking car night. I'm gonna get you a hotel for three nights here in Austin. All right. Oh, Look at that. Yeah. Oh, My, God. Wow. Just Keep grinding, man. I can't do that. Okay. Okay. Go On. But, But hey, but just keep hustling man and crush that job interview on Wednesday. And don't you fucking jerk out from the LaQuinta lobby. Hold Up. What if I got your plane ticket and flew you out and you can host the whole weekend? It is with mixed emotions. Or maybe great pleasure that I award the KILL TONY 2023 Guest of the Year to Adam Ray as Dr.

(2h 19m 5s):
Phil Of the Way Less Phil. Phil. I traveled The world. I've seen everything. And tonight Has Been the greatest night of my life. Come when you sign a book, KILL TONY. You'll try your best. You hope that on your side love and you strike out. Go back home and call for a Bug.

(2h 19m 49s):
Everybody call me for a teeny bug. Call me for a bug. Judge my head in my back Kia. We'll be right Back. You figured it out probably. But you are indeed the newest member of the KILL TONY Hall of Fame, The first Ever guest to be inducted into the KILL TONY Hall of Fame. The first non-regular into the KILL TONY Hall of Fame. Adam Ray, A game changer in the history of the show.

(2h 20m 37s):
Nowhere better than now for it to happen. Truly one of the funniest human beings on planet earth. Elaine, Dr. Phil Joe Biden. This is Adam Ray Ladies and gentlemen. Wow. One more time for Adam Ray Ladies and gentlemen.

(2h 21m 22s):
And now why don't we get one more regular up here, Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you a master of the art form of roasting. This is KILL TONY Hall of Famer David Lucas.

(2h 22m 8s):
Yeah. Being a comedian, we don't do much during the day. And I felt kinda like my life wasn't worth shit. So I started volunteering. I started volunteering at the Cancer Research Center. And it's kind of neat because you get to meet people who are more fucked up than you. And I met this 29-year-old girl who had six months to live and one of her last dying wishes is that she wanted to get her pussy ate one last time.

(2h 22m 51s):
And of course I volunteered You. know what I'm saying? And it's so funny because every time she would orgasm she would flatline. I was like, beep. I'm like god damn bitch. And it's so weird because all you women think y'all be doing some shit when y'all be shaving or waxing y'all pussy. Let me tell you, wax pussy ain't got shit on chemotherapy pussy nigga. That is. That is the smoothest pussy in the world, nigga that that shit was like a manatee back You.

(2h 23m 32s):
know what I'm saying? That shit was rain resistant, water was dripping off of that motherfucker. I'm trying to get my girlfriend to get cancer now. I'm like God, I be blowing cigarette smoke in her face. I got that bitch sleeping next to a microwave. Like come on bitch. What the fuck We waiting on You know. Alright, thank y'all. That's my time. Fuck. yeah. A minute 50 from David Lucas. Hell Yeah. I love it. That was great. When you were, when you were done eating her pussy, did you eat the rest of her Tony for selling out? MADISON? SQUARE. GARDEN. We gonna find somebody to eat your pussy tonight nigga. Yoni ass.

(2h 24m 12s):
Oh Shit. You dress like one of them female secret fucking agents for Donald Trump when he got shot, nigga. Oh shit. Don't even know how to holster your gun. You pulled out a deal though to shoot at a nigga. You look like the building. The shooter was on slanted ass roof on your head. Who? Fuck you Tony trying to hide your fucking femininity in that all black nigga. Fuck you nigga out here, you that motherfucking trans boxer in the Olympics. Nigga. We know. We know what the fuck you are. I I hear beating on women in the name of the Olympics.

(2h 24m 53s):
Bitch I thought the subway was underneath our hotel. It was David arriving earlier. Get your gay ass outta here nigga. What do you have to say to this place you're in MADISON, SQUARE, GARDEN. Man, this shit is amazing man. Thank Y'all. It's so good that Madison SQUARE GARDEN gets to meet Madison Round Garden. Of course you would go somewhere in a garden in the last name you fruit cake. Right. Normally when you're around a garden you put ranch dressing all over it.

(2h 25m 35s):
You look like the type of nigga that'll sit on a Venus Fly trap bitch. I've actually done that before and I Came immediately. Yeah. Motherfucking Rhinocerous booty ass nigga. What? That is true. I am a rhinocerous. Booty ass retard. You can say the N word. You gay. They can't cancel you. The Fuck. No, I can't say it. Hell Yeah, man. This is a great cast. Joe got one on the Grinch's jackets nigga. That shit is crazy. And you're the one that stole Christmas and Easter and Halloween. I ran outta gang jokes for Tony. Fuck I gotta get him somewhere else, man.

(2h 26m 16s):
You fucking red bitch. Well I'm sure you'll find seconds somewhere. God damn. Andrew, help me motherfucker though. No, Andrew just sitting there looking like he sell timeshares in Dubai. Nigga he ain't even, This Motherfucker won't even help me. You fucking Abu Dabi real. Go back on Tony. Go back on Tony or Joe's jacket. Andrew, you look like you about to do the Tuby version of Adolf Hitler. Nigga Yoni ass Talk about Joe. Hey JOE. ROGAN look like a strong ass Howie Mandel nigga. That Yoni Joe looks like Kermit.

(2h 27m 3s):
The frogs are gay. Joe, look like your elementary school teacher when you see him in public. Nigga, that nigga Joe teach Bow and Arrow, nigga. David, I absolutely love you, but we're running outta time. I gotta get him outta here. Hall of Famer KILL, TONY legend. Thank So much David. Motherfucking Lucas. And as the clock ticks, that means that we are down to one, the chosen one.

(2h 27m 52s):
Indeed. Not only is he a KILL TONY Hall of Famer, he is the record holder for all time appearances on this show. All time interviews on this show and the streak continues week after week after week. The Iron Man of KILL TONY, an Unstoppable Forks, Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the King of Queens, the Bronx Bomber, the Harlem Heater, the Chelsea Ster, Ladies and gentlemen, the Vanilla Gorilla, the Memphis Strangler.

(2h 28m 46s):
This is the big Red machine. William Montgomery. How's it going? Motherfucking New York. Sit at, Hey, I actually had to sleep in the rental car last night because when I walked into my hotel room, y'all's governor, Kathy Hoel was in there with four Venezuelan guys.

(2h 29m 35s):
What's the difference between the NBA and the W-N-B-A-N-B-A players Don't peg me. Y'all know Caitlyn Clark ain't ever gold Stop. Sick shit in my blood. Okay. And for the Olympic closing ceremony, France is going to raise Jesus from the dead just so they can hang him again. It's weird. I wonder why France didn't involve the prophet Muhammad in the opening ceremonies. Newsflash. Redbands thinks the spin doctors went to medical school.

(2h 30m 18s):
Okay, that's my time. Yeah, I was talking about you dumb ass. Don't look at me like that. You fucking idiot. And the streak continues for William Montgomery already talking shit to red band in a stunning turn of events. So nice to be here. Madison Square Gardens. I've never been to Madison Square Gardens before, but I'm gonna be honest, this is one of the best venues. I've never been to the Gardens before, but it is beautiful in here.

(2h 30m 58s):
Love Madison Square Gardens. I mean, I've never been to a Fucking, it's not plural, William. It's MADISON. SQUARE GARDEN Gardens. Oh, it's, there's no s at the Man. Madison Square Gardens. That's what red band told me earlier. No, he fucking, he's telling everybody back there. It's fucking, wait, hold on. I'm actually getting a call on my Bluetooth right now. Let me answer this. Hold on. Okay. Yeah, I can meet you at the Hampton Inn Red Band. It's actually your mom. I'm actually talking to your mom right now on my fucking Bluetooth. That old slut loves fucking New York City. But yes, Brian Redban looks none Too pleased that his mother's calling you.

(2h 31m 39s):
Oh, he's gonna say something. I hope You guys have a good time. Aw. Ever since we sang happy birthday to him, he is been a changed man. Yeah, I don't know. And what's that stupid couple doing? Leaving right there? I mean, I'm already having the set of my fucking life right now. Who the fuck are you to idiot it? Wow. Somebody killed those two, or maybe the set of my life up here right now. Okay, well They got it. I, that is a weird time. Yeah. Boo boo.

(2h 32m 21s):
It's a long walk leaving Madison Square Gardens. It is. Yeah. I'm so excited to get with rabbi's mom later and just have a lot of fun. Tonight in New York. I actually was at freaking, I was trading stocks today down at Wall Street. I've, I've lost $60,000 in the recent stock market thing that happened. So yeah, I think I might move here. I gotta start working on my stock. So Tony, we will see, and I do know stocks in red bands pussy are gonna go Okay. Aboard. Aboard. I messed that up. I think you meant red band's. Mom's, his mom. Oh My gosh. Thanks so much. What is this?

(2h 33m 2s):
What is it? Eat it. Eat it. Was that like a donut or something? Eat it. Wow. That Was in my, your mom's Pussy earlier you heard. Oh, red band. Got you. Pure revenge. That was in your mom's okay's pussy Red band came up with, that's what he said. Oh, he threw in the crowd. Crowd. Yeah. Who called? That's Gay as Fuck. yeah. William, anything else you wanna say to these people? Just So excited. If anybody know, wants to know where I'm gonna be tonight, I'm gonna be at the White Castle in Spanish, Harlem at a hundred and third. I used to live up there for three fucking months with Darla the Stripper.

(2h 33m 45s):
When I lived in New York City in 2012. I will be at the White Castle on the hundred and third tonight, and I ain't ever gonna stop eating at that White Castle. William. Montgomery has done it yet again, Ladies and gentlemen. And that is indeed tonight's episode of Koni. Did You guys have fun? So many people to thank JOE, ROGAN, Andrew Schultz, SHANE GILLIS, jelly Roll, Andrew Dice, clay, big J Yoon, Jim Norton, Dr.

(2h 34m 28s):
Bill Harlan, Williams, Lewis, j Gomez, all the regulars, all the golden ticket winners. We have to get off the stage in less than three minutes, or we have to pay $300,000. We love you. Thank you. Good night everybody. Love You.

(2h 35m 12s):
Watch show Rogan's new special out on Netflix Tires season two coming soon and everything. Of course, Andrew Schultz killing it around the world. New York, we love you. To those of you lucky enough to be here tomorrow, we present an entirely different show. We love you. Thank you. Good NIGHT ONE. More time for Tony, everybody. Let him hear It. My mom's a nice woman.